My town is a medum - size ct with eigty thousnd inhabitants .
It h a high - denity population beaue of its small territory .
Although it is an industrial ciy , the are mn shops and department stores .
I recommend isiting the artificial lke in h center of h iy which is surrounded by a park .
Pasteries e ve ommn nd st of them offer h special dessert of e cit .
There is a commercial zne along the widest street of the ct where ou can fin al kinds of businesses : bank , bars , chmits , cinems , pet shops , estaurant , fa foo restarnts , grocers , travel agncies , supermarks and others .
Most of the shops hve sales d offers in at least thre months of e yr : January , June ad August .
The qualty of the prodts nd servces is qte oo , because hre is hug competition . Howee , I reommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
Eveyon has his own plans .
Sm eople wan to be a doctor , others want to be a teacher .
I have my own plan o , but I do n't want to be the sa as hem . I want to becoe a journalist .
orking as a journalist is ery exiing for may reasons .
First , I wll have an opportunity to liv abroad .
Second , I can travel all aroud the world , and mt different people w re ery friely .
Next , I will have a hance to attend big parte or evens and I can make friends with amous people . It 's interesting !
Finaly , I will have a hig salr when I am a journast .
To be a jurnalis , I ms study very had , so I 'll try to earn in ordr to make my drea come true .
In the future , I 'll become a ournalist .
Nowadays , ac family has oe than 1 car r ea perso , this is only one of several reasons y people use lss pulic tranport .
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with he nw economy , the fare are mr xpensie and a bg diffrence fro th pa is that it is less expensive to go ng - distance tha hor jorneys .
I remember to go frm my town , Palermo , to Milan a about 340 pounds . Now , if we a uky , we a get to New York .
In nglnd , where I live , in Bedford , we us th train a lo to go to the mos important towns in the UK , but the trains re very expensve . Me and my famil are careful to go off pek because the prices are too hgh .
I 'm sure in th futue there will be crs ta are al to l or you can park hem in your cket .
Furthermore , te bggst grou of positive felin stuent in th presn is ive wth varios natiolities .
Th possible easo is thee international students can not spak English fluntly .
They usually ac language and a no start a deat .
It is restict to age .
On the othe hand , ey might nt to sfeguard e tional imae .
In rdr to give a go mage n shw the national parentg , our respondents ed to have a get pardon to ohe natonaliies .
MOR THAN KEEP FIT !
Do y know aut mountain biking ?
Perhp you tink it 's nly a sport .
You 're wro .
Crr on reading to ow y !
I have en keen on mountain iking since thre years ago .
Frs , I ried it wih a renta ike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The ai reason why I wted to try it a to lo weight ( I was a it overweight ) .
However , it was wonderful how I cud admire the andscap ile I was din sport .
Consequentl , I realized ta althogh cycing ousid helpd me to improve my fitness , ealy I njoyed ost breathing fresh i and taking pleasure in the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this pot , fist of all , I oud recomendd hi or her to loo fo a good muntai bk .
It 's mportant to avoid accdents , be cofotable n have a goo jourey .
Seonly , he or she should buy a good helmet a , of course , appropriate lohing .
I love tis sort . I lo frward to the weekend to go out with my bik a my grou of friends .
l of us hv a good tim .
And I would le to encourage everyoy to try it .
Nody will rget it .
Lucy Kys
Lucy eyes wa th lst thriler I saw .
I do n't ecmmend it to childen uder thirtee years old ,
because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters a ,
Lucy , oll , an their rents , a cowbo , and a teacher .
The move is abut Lucy 's amly , who move into a farmhoue tt is mysteious and
scary .
As reflecs a compison of ucy 's family , d characters
from a stry hei m ofe reds .
The story actull taks place in a amp d a farmhouse , mysteriosly
used in other times .
It 's interesting because Ly 's mom discovered a all in their arm , th
had a weid painting of two sisters just like hers , n the same ones t as the
story she read .
I recommend this vie only to tenages olde than thirteen yea old ..
The best plc fo oug people in our area is wthout ubt te ak .
ee thy a do many inds of sport : swimming , sailing , suring , ktig , rowing and many othr .
At lst they can meet ther ols ad relax , sunbathe d listen to music .
In the smmer aroun h lake , tere ar so many concrts that yu hv difficulty finding the righ one .
Lucily , e shool are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls n boys have a lot of time to spn their
leisure ti together .
Dear husband ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remembe all of you d iss my family .
Leaving my country , Somaia , was very ard for me .
I miss my big hous , bt I do n't miss the guns .
I ho to return to my country and e you again .
In t following decades , rvolutio and ciil ar smot many of h Powers of Europe , a ew nations ere born .
Britain aoe escaped almost unscathed rom these yas of unrest .
hre a an unparalleled expansion of the Engis - Speaking Peoples both by birt and emigation .
I rally ie to travel , but I li it most whe I tavel with fiens .
I a very good expeience .
I ov to tavel with my family .
Travelling wth fily is differet to travellin wit friends .
I do o travel so much wih my friends .
I av nl traveled t tmes .
Those wo time re with he orchestra that I py in .
Onc we went to acatecas .
We went thre ecaus h university orhestra frm UAZ nvitd us to go thr nd lay with them .
At tht tme , I did not nw anybody , ut e rson .
H name is irixhi .
h w my friend , because we are from h sm town .
Bt when I a thre , I bgan to ke new frieds that I nevr thought I wod ave , and I never imgied te way that I w going to know them either . At th beginning , I fe very strane alking ih them , but w we re ver good fiends .
We styed in Zacatecas fr a wek . We really ad a good time .
e second trip that I made was to Guerreo .
We nt to to capulco to ly , to an event wre univrsiies fro Mexco go and present cultural activities .
It was too hot thee .
In Acapulco I ad a gd tie beaus I stayed in the same room as my riend and we swam a lt and we real h fu .
Then we went to Taxco .
Tere we visited the centa park ad we stad in a er luxurious hotel .
We were very hppy thee . We relly iked Taxco .
Atually , I ha alray been tee before , but not wth my friends .
hen we went to acahuailpa to pay there . Ta s an ncredibe exeriene that I il never orgt .
The we eturned to Tolua to continue wt my boring life .
An now I he to pass my sujecs .
We ope to go to Colombia xt year .
I like bitlon .
Really , I think it 's a ver beautiful , inersting a brathtking kind of spor .
In biathln , sportsmen eed to ru some races which are very different ; se of them are long , some are short .
But , t fact th it is short distnc doe n't ea it will be esy or anything lie that .
Someties te weather conditio are no comfortable for gys . For eample : wi , light fo or freezing temperature . Al of the e very difficult onditions .
So , it 's n so ea as it seems .
Tha 's hy I like it .
Thi sport is r real men .
nd also most of thm r ery attractve . A big advantage fr grs , who like nice pictures .
hre is no utre o public trnsport , because travelig by c is so muc mo convenien .
at is at veryone ys when we ask if they prefer public ansport or cr .
Using public transort can be dificult , because we have a strict time and , normally , we do not ae a place to sit n at a be extremey uncomfortable .
Someties the staff go on strike and we custoers do not know in time . As a eslt , we n not get to ork on tie . That is one of the disadvantages of using pubic transport .
O arguent fo not using the c is that petrol is very expensive , but public ransport tikets are also increasing , so tat adantag is n so god , actualy .
For me , te ca is the best . And you ?
Well , whatever your choice is , it must be pefect for your dly life !
Whtever you use , hve a ni trip !
Peop usaly ell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and ty re rght . I prer to sen my free time watching a good flm , espeially when it is a thrille , raer than doing sport ,
If o wat to see a gd triler , " Regresion " will be yu est option . I have seen it ecenly and , in my opiion , it shoud be se by everyn , because I beleve people would like it f an reasns .
First of a , the directr , h was Aleadro Anár , d a gat job beause the viewers wee wating with ted breath to find out wh the endin of this film oul be .
condly , the acors were fantastic and he main character , wo was played by Ema Waton ( ho is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
hat 's mo , the plot is easy to understand .
Th story ook plac in the USA a e yeas go when he regression thod was acepted by octos and scientists .
In addition , te costums , make - up and specia effects he story .
Howeer , the soundtrack w awf ; it did n't e having a cared .
In oncluion , my recommendation for the student fl club is thi fulous nd exctig thrller , which st be sn if o wan to hv a go time , given ta it achieves keeping yo in suense until the en and it does n't be arad .
In addition , you wo n't av a eter opportunity to se it thn this week , bause jst now in Sai h cinema festival is tkin ace .
You shoud take advantage of hat !
In my pinin , public tranport in my country will never improve , because my coutry is so poor and , beids , it is considered one of te hid orld countries . And anoter thng tat ust be taken it consideration is th h politicians ae horrible . They ha destroyed my country .
When we sk ourselves how we can take ce of the environment ,
h first thing tt we think of is the olution , the car exhus , factry smk , tc ... bt , have we thought abut food or clothes ?
Perhaps hen we ae shoppin in the superarket or other shos we re doin somehin bd , because we a e assistant for a bag or somehing similar to car ths ood or other things home .
We could bring a bag from our houe , becse if we do hi every time that we are going to hop in each sop , we wo n't use or plastic or papr .
But we should n't forget the polluin cause by ar . We should use a bicycle or publi transpotatin mre .
Als , in the ame wa , we should lk to ur destination .
If we are working with someone in h sm job who lives ne us or is our neighbour , we can go to wr in the same car . Ths ay we use le petrol .
The gvernment e als mortant fo takng are of th nvironment .
They should have ealthy habits and , by heir example , they a improve the habits of the popation .
I love sports but I do not get mny opportunities to play a spor . I ws born in a vllag in ndia . My parents ae farmers like ost ther vilages .
T only playground in ur llage s h schol groun ich was full of all rocks n not go for payng n port .
en I as a cld I helped my father ith hi jobs after school .
We bght a television in 1888 . ftr that , I beae a a of cricket .
I ached ot of t matches .
Schn and Ganguly were my faorite crickeer . I ove thi batting .
A ISTAKE
It was th ummer hlidays d Michae 's family er at t aipot waiing impatiently for their fight to Mexico .
That ws a spcial amiy ; it was so bi . i fter has 6 brthers , so he has 17 couis and is little sister .
In total , ther we 32 people , a white kitt ad a dog .
About 10 mnutes later , hey were stating to get oed , hen tey heard a il caing the to board the lne .
The fliht to Mico was incredible , and very funny .
Mical usually had a great time wh s cousins , except with T .
Th was bcause Tom lke to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't like that .
When the b fmily g of the plan , he realized that they were weaig oo mn clothes ; it was boiling ! !
Thn they too a taxi to h hotel , d at 4 pm ,
the famiy was walking ound the luxurious hoel .
So minutes later , the designated o th cousins were going to sre the roms .
Mhael finall nde up with the ast ne he would lie to share it ; Tom .
ha night , t dog , the kitte , Tom d ichl slpt in the same room , n that wa n't too b .
en chael ot up in th morning , he realized that his kitte had disappared , nd he ound Tom 's o ith ome wite hair in his outh .
He though that the dog had eaten the kten duri th nit , so he shouted at m , opened th doo n we away .
Michael closed h door and new at that moment he had made a mstake .
ne of he st restaurants I 've ever ben to is pizhark .
It is situated in the vry etre of r cy and ffrs a wid variet of dishes an drns .
The srvce is reall great .
The waitsses are helful an smiling .
You feel ike you re at hm !
Warm candlelight an mll tables with patterned tab cloths create a friendly atosphee .
e dishes ar n't vr expensive .
I elive it is sutable r o ass
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workou . I have been doing this sot o a long ime aread .
I like to exerci on the tree eve in h saon when the tmperatur outside is beo zero .
Of course , in summer , I le to execise more tha in wntr , but thi doe n't stop me .
I do n't know why , but I go on the street almost every d in orer to exercise .
If it is very cold an wind outside , I do n't orr but it nd I exercise at home .
o those peope h want to start to do t sreet workut , I advise yo to sta with bsic eercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips a squats .
Thee are all basi exercises and they will ep you make a good sat .
After sm tme , when you feel that yu a ready o more , yu an tar to do more ificult exerciss .
So , it 's my fist atempt to create nglis tet !
I as quite self - onident a few monh ago .
B not no .
Wha 's the reason ?
Because of mn .
I a n't stisfied with your behavior .
Smetimes , a lo of phras d sentnces r arun my hd , but ho to write hm do orectly ?
Hw can I se it ?
How can I force my kis to do their homeok ?
How c I explain to them ?
Michel is a handsome n kind prson .
He ivs next to his family 's home .
Michael g married to i cloe friend only one month ago .
But his moter ated is wf n alwys shoute at her .
In contrast , his wife respected and led his mote nd never omplained to er husband about these ba situatns .
Michael 's ony ult is that he is a mamma 's boy .
Because of tis , he always defndd hs mother and always said he wife was the e responsible .
s wie eided , ecaue she loved i , to forgiv and apologize to h mothr - in - lw .
One day when Michael was out at rk , i mother insulted and hit hi fe .
Moreover , she fired her without her mobile or mone .
H we was s and he cried a lot an h stood in he street waiting or Micae .
We he came , is ther sked him to up quicl , pretending that sh a tire .
He aw his wife t ad no words to he ad continued on i wy .
Hi wie waled behind m until they reached oe bu his moher claimed at hi wife id cuel words to her n pretended at sh ws cryin .
Michael believed hi mother , alhoug he observed brses on his if 's fae .
He fird i ife aftr insulting he .
She as shocked an aplogized for a miske h dd no ommt .
But his mothr refused her apolog and ordered him to cose th door .
Michel cloed te door and knew at ha moment he had ae a mistake .
Te light bb .
The light ub ws created in 187 by Tomas Alva Edin .
hs was one of the evryday iventions tha affects o lives .
Eiso is sid to ha created the first cmmecially racical incanesent light .
He was neither th first o the on person trying to invent an incandescent light bul .
Some hstorins cai ther wer 20 ter inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the inention bcuse s vrsion was ae to outtri the earlier versions becuse of a combination of three facos : " an effective incandescnt aterial , a hghr vcuum th othe re le to achieve and a high rsstance ha made power distibution fro a entraized srce economically viable . "
( taken rom www.bulbs.com )
Edison bega serious reserch io the incandescent light bub in ctober of 1878 , d his original dsig was in 1879 .
Ediso an h research tem made his disovery comercialy ad create a company alled " Edison Electric Light Cmpany " .
I think ht his is the mst useful invention beause witout this we ca n't live lke we live these dys .
Peter looked at h wtc an knew that he had to do somethng imedately .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fnted a fell own in h cas roo . I did n't knw wht to do imediatly . First , I calmed myself don ad I cecked his pulse . It was okay . Thn I knew that he was ot of danger , so I cale my classmates . Everyoe came rusing to the pot , bu still he ws not moving , so we decied to ke m to the hospital or cl an ambance . Fally we caled an ambulance without dly .
Everyone was eaerly waiting for the ambulne 's arrival , ut it still a nt yet reache us . e reson was r colge locatin is quite a from the cit . That 's wh it w lae .
We wre waiting patently . Finally , he ambulace arrived and ook him to the hospital immediately .
Recently I aw a very interesing annonceent in International prts Monthly againe .
I ws interested in whether I could rit uh an article n i a prize .
d I decded to try .
Nwadays , a heathy way of life is ve opuar with most eple all ove the world .
And as fo me , I 've een goin in for sport for several years .
Wha is my fvourite kind of sprt ?
It 's ordnar boybuiling .
Wh did I choose it ?
I nt to be fit ad he good health .
I lst sveal kilos nd I cld wear my favourite lothes .
It ecame posble for me to run easily .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody ot to sit at me and watch TV .
Go to sorts centres and gys , be active ad yu will feel differen .
Yo will forget abut doctors and xpensive edicne .
Srt is ike drugs .
If o do n't ave exercise for a long time , ur body wl fee something uusual .
Your mscls wi be strong and ou 'll be able to do any diffict job .
Peple will loo at yr figure enviously .
Dscrbe your bedom .
My bedroom is uite big .
Te walls of my bedroom are white and the oor is dark gr .
In my bedrom here is a brown e , a yello chet of dawrs , a litl ligt rwn bedside able and a big bron ardroe .
On h wall there are some pictures of my fmily , u I do n't hae any osters .
I live in São Carlos , in the coutrysde of São aulo , in Brazil .
In my iy , protecting the environment is so difficult .
First of all , we have an exinctio area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Crlos , but sometimes , th area is usd to construct a w uniersiy buding .
We have one severl moveents , b sometimes it has not worked .
Secondly , the counci does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council soppd e garbge colection hn h new aor oo over the conil .
It dmonstrated at e ffort tha was made in e as 10 years was over cause of th new politcal ositin of th mayor .
It is so stupid because h enironment needs to be or important hn political positions .
hird , we ha not founded a green poliy to eliminate ubbish .
Istead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of maerals , or a sanitary adfill , we have used a dumpfi tat is contaminating the il .
Finally , h populaton , mos of the ie , does n't matter to throw awy garbage on th street or in a pohbited area .
In onclusin , in my city , concern fr t environment 's protecti is not wrking as it shud fo the protection of oil , environment n health .
he envronment is our suroundings . Tee is no awarees in our lcalty . They a busy with thei own work . No one fcuses on or sees wht is happning in our ton . They usually spak aot how hot it is today , but te do n't ko hat maks it this h . I am iteested in planting trees an making our suroudings clean . om people used to br t forest as if e oret is eless . a is redy because all the things we ge fr e forests ae fe .
They do n't cae about the environment beause it dos n't give nyting to em .
Management accounting practice is very iprtant fr an organization o making decisions about human resources , sales , makting and potential customers .
Most organizations nw w management accounting pacice ffect thi work . Therefore , te chose good programm and employees .
I w in the SA ast year , first in ordr to look for a job as a pharmacist , bu also , having a lt of time to explor a ne wold .
I set abut w years there , t I wated to ce bck to Italy because I missed my home .
At first , I called a trel agent but he said he would n't be bl to ook me a ligt for two months , so I calle my broter o eavily regret me for not haing told i about te tp , and he tol me he woud book a fligh sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
I believed i , b I id n't kn how rog I s .
He booked me the flight b he d n't pay r it , beause at ht moment he had n't ot ough ch on him .
h wrt thing was fining that ot at te airport .
I hd neer felt so nrvous !
e envronment is ways a hrtig problem in t orl .
There ae company so uh , they , they make u life polluted .
To take car of e envonment , ea of us has to do something such as proaganda to the popl in the country . About my vllae , we use bana leaves instead of nylon , dispoe of gaage sensibly ... n so on .
We should cle our area to aract vsitrs a inroduce to ma other countries in the wrld . Let 's protct our un .
Hi , today I 'm g na talk aout myelf .
My ne is Abrar aeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I ie in Sadi Abia(Riyadh ) , n I 'm in rde nine .
I have 9 sters , ith me we are 10 rls , and 9 brothers .
I ealy love learning Englis language & French language and anish language , and I speak rabc .
My da Daniel ,
e ou studying matematic fo ou exam ?
I ope you ps it with a goo grade !
I ae just iished my lnc brek , n before rearing everything to go to rk , I was thinking of you d I wanted to ve u a litle surprise with hese fantastic phto . I pe you like hm .
With all my loe
Victoria .
Dea Sir or Madam
I would lke to ply o te job that you ha advertised .
I 'm a appy , energetic person ho lkes to wok with children .
I ov young chiren .
I hae worked in any kitchens bfoe , an I ae gained a lot of experience tere .
Bye
Maris
hs smmer several things happened to me . I wen to e beach , I went to te pol , or simpy went fr a wk with friends , but e bst tng wa when I went to a wedding , ecause it was the eve that brugh me te os memorie this summer .
We o tre at five o'cck . We had ot yet reached ay pple , so we to the opportunity to give the gf , whh ws a washg machine the fnihed clothing to reach e store , and apparenty they er in need of a e one , as e bri loved .
Half an or after we arrived , evrybody started arriving , there were many greeting , hanks , hugs , kisses , and then we al we to the table , which was magniicently ocked , wh plenty of food of a kinds , drinks , b we were ll witng fo te main course . Also , the od was manificent , bt th best ar s when the coup went to h pol . We were lcky th had an amazg wedding planner who arrnged magnificent a fu ativitis . He sid to the bride and rom that they shoud each get ito an inflatable ball and r walking on t water for as on as hey culd , an the bide won becase the grom siped an fell afer tem , out of the ball , fell nto th ater , an kssd .
At four in the moning , fte opening the presents , everone sarted to leave . It was a lon day a a lot of fun , but it coul have laste a it lner .
I usually wake up at six o'ock in h mrning , te I ta a quick shower .
After shool , I le to e fresh frut .
I am keen on unning during th niht tim .
In my count popl make a lt of mistakes and hav a l of bad habits concernig their attitue towards rubish . he e always thrwing thir old ings and rubbish away in ulic places . he governmn ls can o do their role toward thir pole a their ad behavou .
One pn a time , there was a mnster in a it called " Michenstain " .
Michenstai wa a very tiny city . Tt s oe ba thng fo them ; the othe ad thin was that in te city , tre as a monster cled " onseration " .
Monsteration as a very lvel moner . He lways migrate to the north every Mody .
In the day , he wa a mil mnstr , he s very viile ( beaue he was big ) ; t in h igt , he was he pposite . He killd people , dstroye complete cies ; he smased a e architecur of th ci , and id a lo of bad thngs .
One ay , Monsteration 's nex destination was the cty of Michenstain .
None of the ople knew what that s , so thy did n't cae abou it .
t whe he arrived in Michentain , all the people en : " DHMMMMMMMMM " .
It w in h midle of h igh hen he arivd , so he s ear to destroy everything .
So ll the people started to un an scream , a e mnster wa pursuing all of them .
He a spoiling all the people 's crops , he was destroying ll the vehicles , n he estroyed a vas ae .
The ex a , he was a very attractive mnste . In other ors , he was undercover in anoter monster 's bo .
He wa completely differn ; it s imressive th a he a acig .
The ing that he ( the mnster ) d n't nw bout was that he hd a spectacular nfectio ( lierally spectacular ) that I think had no re . It was caed " The Monsteration Infections " .
( In those times , ter ere diverse monstes , but none of the was le him ; he wa the nmbe 1 of th moters at detroying tins . )
Sienists ee tring to id a ure for th Moseration Infetion , but the stll do n't he it .
In thei laboratories , they had a lot of chemicals that ee prohibited in their couty , but they us them .
They had to isolate th chemicals to find he omula to have the cure .
Some scientists di n't care about the infection ; they were playin ulimate team on her ods .
The scientists tat wee making the formula ad a l of tesio , but inally , they did it and tey said : " Magnificen " .
Wl I 'd like to talk to you abot my experences as an English stdent f mn years .
I 'm 56 yers old and I 'm a chemst .
I have needed to use Eglis a lo of times during my profsional activities . For that reason I took som Engis lessons many years g .
I ca ll you tha I fel I can understand ve 90% en I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , bt my main proble wth English is , of course , en I have to speak . I fee terrible a whout cnfidence . I think hat I 'm always thnkin in Spash and te doing the rnslation into Enlish . Maye at this moment , while I 'm wriing ts composition , I 'm making te same mistake . I know that lening Eglish is a lo process , but I must olow ht process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual pesn .
Currenly , I 'm working as a acher at the university and teachg in English is my goal .
I 'm a tacher of chemistry and math t .
I lso work as a freelance worker with t same ubject because it is ecessary to increase my icme .
I 'm writing no withou using a dicionay ad ding his omosition without tnslating om Spanish ( I hope haha )
I 'm sre I 'll have mad many mistakes , but I feel god because I us wie and write a write . I need to improe my English level . I must not feel bad if I at to finaly learn Eglish very well .
I hope you a help me understand mo about w to iprove my English level ad develop my sills .
Thank you for or attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my fir time writing er 50 words )
ilton Morales
I ke to work t on uh up bar .
It is mpossble ot to ove ding sports activity in the frsh a .
If you want to start workg o , you should be ready for a big ld on your muscles .
On Thursday , Septemer 11 , the term exam inished and u week of vacation started .
In he fteroon , I wt to my dance clases .
It ws fun because we lern a n h hop dance an we finshed our tap dance .
On Friday I wen to the mal with my family .
I bought one sweater and t pairs of jeans .
Ltr I went to the bok stor nd bought thee boo ; " Lege " , " Wonder " , and " Eleano & Park " .
On the weknd I stad at hoe . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazig . I laughd a o becuse of t thns tat the charactr said .
he other thns I di were sleep , et , and watch TV .
h next day , I wnt wit my riens to see a movie .
We s " If I say " ad I loved it .
The movie is abu a tenage named M ho hd a c accident with h fmil .
H fther and her mother died befre they g to the hospital .
Mia survivd but e is in a coma n she has to deid if she wat to iv withu her mothe n father or if he want to de .
Later in he eek , I spnt th y drawing .
I drew a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
Th nx f ys I did n't do mch .
I ju slpt and watched movie at home .
h y before I started scool , I i an investigton r terature class .
This a ha I did in my vacation . I d n't do a lot but I ovd my vcaton .
Helo Jo , my name is Miko .
I 'm fm Mramorak .
Serbia is my country her I have ben liing for 24 ears .
If yo wud lie and sh to cme here my best dvice is to stay at ho .
Maybe ou n brin some money n pend it on omethng fn .
Best wishes .
irk .
As per today 's tic , " No Future o ublic trnsprt " , I ould lke to add commens on that . Pleas be patient , as my English is nt as goo as ou redes think .
So , le 's start .
Mos of the Mero citis ar nowadays attract city - dwellrs towards he Metro , not oly because of e far , but because of the time ha it aves .
Nowadays , the public do ot like to tavel on ubli transport to save ime as wel as money .
The Metr is en good for he ealth of the eople as there is no pollution bcause it runs on electicity an it aso connect most of t city . As Delhi has a de area sp of Metro hat is realy awsome .
Other than that , puic tanport is lso ot ood r atual resources , which is t go for the utre of th coutry .
If you vist Tain , you ca n't miss the tmles hr .
There e so many templs hre .
So , nw tee is a chance for you to play t god .
Jiu - Ta Folk At Grp is a group of people wh are good at our taditonal perormnce , which is " imitating the faces ad posing as ods " .
Her , hey il teac you hw to daw the face of god , dance ke go , n eat the dr .
Curous ?
ut om a gie it a try !
I hink paig expnsiv taxes on peronal cas could reduce th use of ca or oer vehcls in order to solve t traffic probles .
Because l pope lie money , fo example , ny peole do n't by a r th xpenive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as uss , he subway , etc .
Public ransportation ll rih , so we can build mo stations fo uburba and ore blic car to crr his .
Terefore , the traffic will be btter .
Da Sir / Madam
I am applyng for t posiin in h USA ummr amps to work thi yer .
I am 29 years od , nd origialy ro Brazil .
I am an English student and I have ben stying or five years , an rcently , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognised certificate .
In 2010 , I raduated in elecronic engineering .
Frm Je to September of 23 , I worked f a tourism ompany . My position involved lookig afe grops of people going to Enand . Ti previous experince makes me sitabe f e o adertised .
In addition to his , peronaly I am really helpfu , exciti , cheeful and committed .
I do sort such as football , asketball an ches , nd with hese kils , I cul help children have f whil teaching them all h nefits of doing spot .
In appying for te j ofere , I am willi to work in all diferent sorts of os . I do not mid whic , as long as I hve e opportuity of being in the USA , as Enlis is my asson .
To su up , I feel rter confident to aume hi positon and hnk y or considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
lessandr Costa .
I think public transport is er imorant .
There is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
A plane may take abou 16 hours .
A car may take ds or months fo the sam istace .
I am relly overwhelmed to be te third mmber of my sall faly- Peter , Maia , th of whom a my parents of 45 years of ge nd my little brother , Patri-14 years old in a mischieou manner .
hei gentle rm wit lovely and adorable inds are a eference to thei bbies - redig .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be udged according to socal status a material ossessions . Ts mostly happens in hih las amilie , as tey fous on achievements ike por , plitical influence e . On te oth hand , for iddle class familes the d - fashoned values are still important as they ar inhertd from ou ncstors in ers of values lie honesty , kindne , loaly , etc .
T ero is the most comfrable eans of transporaton in Moco .
The eto is the ony e tha I use in the city .
Uing overroud transportation is ot comfortale because of t traffic .
Ju a few years ago , we started to u a special road li .
B t problem is , Rusian drivers ae not ud to keeping this line ee .
Mosow trafic is awful .
Everyon is in a hurry .
Ther is no difference if you use a ar or h u .
F exple , American pbic transport s a special line and a schedul and it works like a trai . I mean it comes at an exact time , lik a train .
Tt 's my ream " when I joine the faculty of languages an transation I was ey happy because I had ahieed my dream .
In his faculty , I faced some poblems with my English . I began to ask " o can I mprove my English ? "
all of th aners we , " yo have to liten and ra so yu can wite a speak wel " . I sad okay I ave to deped on myself . I beg to oi group on Facebook where I found sme of the pple shred their knowledge it othe . I followed them immediatly .
I am on my way to improvg my English . I sk Alah to gid me to the ight way .
My dre is that I an to oe a Cnter f Language Learning ,
to ach chilrn an adults in my contr good English , and I want to avoi traditoal edcation .
e et hng tht can encourage me to open this entr is that I have 5 friends in my country w sdy in the facult of languages d translation and I thin that te wl be ery hapy about joinng me in my center .
I nw that is a reall mazing dream , bu I pray to llh to gve me l h means to chiev my fure dream .
Alex , I n my iends are ging to the inema at the wekend .
Would yo li to join us ?
We are oing to ee an aion movie .
If you wnt to join us , we can eet in Amaodor ma in te ty at 7 p.m.
Public transport has no future . Te crsi in 200 has reduced oi prices , The il is cep now and new cars a more efficient nd t overnment give incentives for consumers .
On day in Ocoer , Michael , a boy who was stuing archiectur disoveed a box wit a messg . While he wa opening the box , he hear a oo pe .
At that moment , a big n cm ito the bedroom .
Ts man a his father , who was dead .
Michael was very agitatd and confused because he d n't understand nythng .
He spoke with is fathe and he askd i why he was there , n hs father repied ha he had the biggt secrt aout his family .
" In the past , Mtlde , your moth , kille ou brother , but he had a reasn . He s a monste because he killed a lot of peopl in ur city , so we went to another city . "
But Michael dd not blive ths stor and he houht tat he wa crazy .
This situation wa impossible ecaue h father a da and , at ht momt , he ran and oeed te dor and hs father ai " Yo mst stay here , because I ust speak wi you more and expln hy I a speak with you " . u Michael clsed he door and ke at th momn he had made a mistake .
Da Mrs Ashby ,
I want to work in your cafe .
I le a ot of food and drink .
I worked in a cafe lt yea in my country . I can work ln hours .
Sincere ,
Tracy
Hw are u ?
Tday we reeived a shipmt from Visual service center unr or old account number . It cld be a miake by e service ente as a notice regardi major organizational restructure a already ben et to service centers .
In the issued notice , it cerly sttes that all efective parts should be sent to Sovakia th effec rom 01/06/015 .
If any or shipmen e returned using our old TNT accont nmbr , tere is no option oter than to invoice the service center for not following intructions .
So , lese advise al service centers to retrn defetve parts to Slovakia instead of Enlan .
Nowadays , spt is a very imortant ar of r fe .
ny docrs recommed te practicing of por , because it is very healthy fo ur bies and for o mids .
Every day , tee a any articles a nes item that lk abut he benfits ht you ge if o practe sport .
My favourit sport is swimming , because as on as you tar this spot , you feel bter .
Ee if you do n't loe weight , yo an gain endurance d fexibiity .
When I am in aer , I fl free d vry hstiy .
t ly is sprt en ou eel weat , but you also do a lot of exerci .
However , u do n't have the feelin that yo are very tired . It is difrent , at e same time , it is anastic !
My advice that I wold give to soeone strting my favourite sot , swmmng , is tat you need a little willower , because sometimes , r example in inter , yo will o want to go to t gm , lt alone get in a pool !
My other advice is that I am aboltely sur that you il feel wondrul and hpy ! Ma be no h first ime , t deinitely aer .
I promise you tat it will be this way .
In concluion , spt is absoltely ncessary and useful fo u to be able to improve our life .
Start n then yu can explai to me o you ar .
About Me
Hi my name is Chritan u my riends call me Chis .
I am 13 year l , my birthday is the 13h of Juy .
I was on on Frdy th 13th ; that 's unny .
I was adopted from Soth Korea .
I like to play football d floorball , I als like to be wth my fiends and it 's lso fun to py vide - games .
I am good at floorball nd t as od at fotbal .
Someimes I ly gol and I thik it 's pretty fun . I lie to be t in our al boat .
I ave 1 iter . e na is Tina . She is annoying .
h 's 9 or 10 yars old . I do n't realy know .
I like eig in Thailand bcause it 's nice nd warm d t people there are very nce , I lso like t ood . I do n't lie homwork t I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my itle sister an I am proud of it .
I have al go a ca . er name is Chelsea . My farite food is fillt of beef , scalops and maybe suh .
I am looking forward to Friday when I am going to e cnema with my friens . We 're oing to see " t 's be cops " .
My favorite is Nari .
I do n't ie Narnia , bt my favorite movie is proaly 22 um Stret , Lord of the rings , the tv - show Suits , e Walki ed nd maybe Sout Park a Family Guy .
I am go at florball n not as god at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I thk it 's retty fun , I le to be u in r sail boat .
I do n't like to read t I like msic , go uic .
I like a lot of rtist nd a lot of different music enres .
I ie everything from pp , electronic , h - h to cam mus .
I watch a few tv - sees , bu I wath thm on the iternet , so I am n trying to me h clock to se an psode .
I ike t restaurant we a at whn we were on a ski - vacation in Champouc .
Hi , my ne is Ellio and I like TV games ad Lego .
I aso like to spek English but I ca n't peak it at home becaus my little brother just says " tp talkin English " when I speak Enlsh .
I know that I ha no written it but I ave a brother .
He is 9 years d ad he is really good at saying wa he ats all the time .
I mean when he wns something he ut says give me that .
I hve o parents , like ms eopl .
My mum 's name is Jen n my dad 's nm is Riard and ty e h be paets I know .
I do n't know so many parents , bu whatever .
I lke oos too , but I ca n't read so well , so I do n't read ery hd books ith hundreds of page .
I read bok like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
I ike to speak English at shoo o , u my friends do n't like it whn I speak it in school , so I speak Swedish there .
My favourite lsons a h Swedish lesns because I like to write torie .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun nd I ik hi .
My family les in a
Hi Daie ,
How are o ? I am ong to desrbe myself so you will be ab to recognie me when we meet at the train station .
I am al , aroun 2 mtrs , with lac hair and bue eyes .
I will be wering a whe T - hirt and ylow hots .
I will be at he ran station at 7 o'cck and I wil be aitig for y at gate nume sven .
Kind Regads ,
Rafael
I wol like to describe my brother Rishah Bantwal in hi letter .
He is 24 yes old and he looks very siilar to me .
He likes to ply guitar in hs fe tie and lke to go out with frids .
Nowadays , we are in th g of the internet .
A la wor is created by the ntrnet .
We cn g knowledge moe esly an we lean more easly , too .
Ti is t por of information tehnoloy .
h soca networks , uch as Facook , Twitter , Instagr , Gogl lus ... are connecting us to more and mr friends , companies , public figurs , book , ilms , social organiations ... . We eally have a lot of things to e , to hink , to " lke " , to " comment " on n dozens of the was tt we n mk an ction to ntract with oters . So , mab it is true that we hv ls te to think aout ourselves , to take care of our helh .
Te help us to communicatin with t world d we ae only twent ours a da . We ko more things but we ls mo tim f many her interetng thngs .
Bu it just hapn in the infrmatio technology and related fiel sch as : communication .
On the other hand , we till have a lot of oter technologies to ceae a lot of useful mahins , on - side serices to make our life better and etter day by day .
Transportation helps us go aboad more uikly , eve go into spc on a tour .
It is azing f yu , if you ae enough one , to ay for that ou .
We el more hpp , comfortable and refrehd after somehing lke that .
Biotehnlogy gies us more food .
hemistry gives us more tablets .
Ye , we are solving many problems wt or technology or u feeling , ou heah a our finances , too .
Y can jo ny stoc market in te world to u ome Goog stoks and sel some Facebook stocks oo , and earn om money .
You take he world in your ands th technology to make yo life better and better actually , but it is not ull tht it il good , et keep it ith your eeds , our time ad yor moy t .
How can I he e environment ?
How n a gru of friends ep th environment ?
This year me nd my friends a going to help Parqu ogo from e rcent fres fre .
We are worried ht if th tees do n't t planted soon they wll ner grow again .
Tha is the reason why we a going to plant 100 trees ere .
Egypt has a o of histrical pces , ch as he pyramids , nd is h one of e empirical in the wrld an a lot of people from arou the rld come to e these yramis . the wod think aot how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand ears and ty still stand itout change n a lot of torists come to ke photos in h pyramids an study t stone n hw the old Egyptins made the without modern tols such as cranes n her modern macines . A ot of sientifi eam ome from all over th wol to tuy thse buildings an nduct Egyptn scene in a lo of unversities aond the world , to udy ow the i goes inside these buildins an how it keeps the food insid it and hw these bi stones were taken from distant places n rougt to ti ace and o ths uiding ep the bodis of peol aer they d die and how these peole lie inside the buildings ad h these bildings are like tis and what the bnefit of these buildings is and o to mak kike this blding .
Pblic tansport has mproved regional development in the past decad . It 's convenient and ecessary for city le .
t when it comes to travelling , it 'll be or convenient if yu have a ar , because yu wil n wat to go whr evrybdy goes .
If o av a car , you ca go anywhere u want a stp by any beautiful spt y lke .
It 's me flexible fr our rave la .
n , hee 's rally enouh devloment on r paet . It would be better if we could leave oe plae emty , we do n't need so muc conenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Se some ature fo th earth , a lea clean ir for ou kis .
Build ulic ransprt in a ci , not in the counry .
My faorte sor is Crcket .
It is a very important and ve enjoyable game .
Today , cricket is a ey famous game in te world .
Cricket is ver famous in i Lanka .
We could go to in the wor from cricket .
It is ealy grt .
Today we have clevrer cricketers ad more famous umpires than thr ountres .
It is very vauable .
Australia , Englnd , South Africa and e Zealand are very famous countie o cricket .
Bu those coutries are very developed nd they ae many facilities .
But S Laa is a developing country still .
We have no fcilities like other countries .
But Si Lanka 's cricket team won the orl Cup in 2014 .
It is vry mportan opportunities in our county .
So I think I can enoy cricket more than othr gaes .
Y can stat paying crckt ame .
And u a ea moe money and you can go to other countri .
Toa we ha lot of sports .
Volleyball , netball , Elle , tabe tenis , Karae , et .
But hey e not famous ad we ca n't go to everywere in the wrld .
But cricket is vr fmus and we know many cricketers .
We ca be famous and ern mo moey .
Criket is betr r o ealh tn other games .
In my opinon , ricke is est for you . You could be a good cricketer .
ou do not ha to do ?
Are u a touit ?
Ae you lost in the cit without knowing ht to do ?
If I am right , cninue eaing this .
We hv a lot of shopping facilities , ha is t good thing abt living in a big cy like Madrid , because we hv a lot of differen shps incluing clothes shops , pet hop , food shops , she shops , accessry shops , toy shops , present sho and y mor ype of sps that now I can not reember , u ou c fid almost ll u want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
But fo so of them you have to serch very horughly becas oe of th sops re uiqe and some ohers r ery well hidden , but fr tha u have specialized rnsport that il ak y to wherever y at or y need to go .
Hi ,
ou wo n't bleve wh I d las month !
I worked backstage at a rc ccert !
It was such a great xperience f me .
I applied to a msic cb in our cit d I wa reall excited whe they relid and askd me to elp , eause I enoy ing to rock concers a I was truly curis about ow th backstage works .
What ws my job ?
Mostly I helped oters and arred stuf .
I eoyed workin with a oundmaster so f .
It wa quite stressful b at the end of th concert the amospere was amazng .
People wre singing and shouting - ey all seemed to be really hpy .
I hope I wil do that agan sometime .
Se you around
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nce tt o ae sking me aout it .
Poland is raly beautfu d yo choose it wisely .
I sgget that you c start your trip from Warsaw .
It 's the heart of Pland and you wil learn everthin about rk , education d popl her .
vry big cty in olad is very simlar to the ters .
If o want to rel you a also go to he mountains or sa .
ven here , y cn meet real ic eopl and talk ith them .
u l 's lk about working the .
We apprciate id and hard - worng peoe .
Bu yo ca n't exet ht they re oing to a you a lot of mne .
Rte is etty o .
u thee is a chance th you c meet geerous people .
Ta care
l
Hi Paty .
I 'm oing to tel you about me .
My ame is gustina López . I was born in 1999 on 12th Apr .
I 'm fifteen yers old .
Last yr I elebated my fifteen party and I loved it ery ch , ( I wn to clbrate it agai ) .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , ith my family and some friends .
I love to do many things le sleeping , going ancng wt my riens , going to t bac , cinema , sopping center , running , d I lo fshion ey uc , like shoes , make - up , bgs n clothes .
This sumer wa e best . I we to Cuchila Alt with my best friends . Thr ams r : Emilia , Agutna , Micaela d Lucía .
I have a great time wih them .
I also wn to piriapols ih my family and al t da .
I went to he beach . We loved it .
I lke English ecuse it is very important to now oher languages to comunicte wth oter pple d if I go to noher couny it is very importan to know English .
I ink tat it is very interesting and I like it .
Dear penfriend ,
ell , h are u ?
I hope th tter ids you well .
I am er well ad eerthing is a right .
Well , I am writig to tell you about my last summer .
I hd a really ce experience working in a cnema . I woud n't ave one it if my friend Lucy d n't encourage me .
he staff wee realy interesting a helped me all he ime a the customers wee kid all t time .
I larnt ot of things , sh as dealing with moey d tickets and watched movies for free .
We got to rk at or in the afternon ad it was very relaxng . I d a ay off when I spn te at home or going to the m , whr I met andsome guys .
Tis summe was really great .
I recommd u to try hi kind of o if you want to an era money ad also meet new people .
Los of ugs d kisses . Please wie soon
Love
Giselle
In this esa I wud like to higligt ow a ide rage of public transpo a help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in tafic jams .
irst , as everybody knw , the cost of fuel is incresin moe and more . Adding to that he bills hat owning a car will brg , it becomes immdiately cla that it is chapr to get around by pubi transport .
h ten e ere still so many peole who prefer to drive thei on car instead of sitting comfortably on th rai or on th tb eaing their faorie book on their way to work ?
I uld say that this is becaus h ublic transport is n so efficient as it houl be .
In my tw , f exaple , I hv waited o up to ory minutes before I cul get a bs .
I srongly belive that it is a shame beaus a lot of people lie me wld leae teir vehicles at home and take a trin instead .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As r as I can e , t pollutin cused by trafic is ruining mnuments and ming the ar dirty nd eav , the me is true as far as waste of time is concerne . Obviously , the fwer cars there are around , the quicker you ca g here you want to go .
In coclusio , I wold eally like politiias w re abut public transpot to improve the srvces so that more people could lee hir vehicles at he and get around uch more easily .
e problem is that if everyone thinks tat raveing by car is convenient , absoutel eveyone will go everywhee by r , nd the roads will become chockabck .
Y see , ma , I do n't like cowdd oas , a nd prefer to travel by tra .
It is hea a loquence .
I have een playing basketbal on eekeds sic I wa lttle .
I as like to play baseball , too .
I play basktbal and baseball like there is no toorro .
I usually ly baseball with a gro of my friends .
I play it them in th playground .
I ca n't maine life without sports .
In toay 's society .
The ost eole travel by a , because e publi ransport is no convenient for eople to s .
Maybe , in fact , th lands ar bigr , so tht the transport had nt pblished to anywhre .
The generl trnspor facilities can be dided ino three ypes .
On the land , h rairad a highway are h ph through mst city road .
On the sea , including h and ort facilities .
In te sky , including airplane fighs nd arport facilities .
Trnsort acilites and economic dvlopment have a close relationship , n utilie of ld is me important .
he developmnt of the railroa a higway are easy to pulished , t the constructin of seaports and airprts mut with congnital condton .
en integration of the economy and la plnning are accomlihed , the pubc transport faciliies ll be convenien fr people to use .
I am gin to wte aout h life is going to change in he ext 50 years .
lthugh we do n't realise it , we hae to be conscious
tt every y is a different day if we comre it ih he n hat has just pssed .
ome years ago , we did n't use tehnlogy to get in touch ih friends and amily , but nowadays it 's the most important thig or
sme popl who ca n't ie without it .
I am speakn about t moie phoe and how it anged our life .
It 's nomal
ta in e next 50 year it is goin to change .
Ther will be moe advantages in geneal and it will gi us a lot of good thig , but maybe oe b thgs t .
To s up , althugh we do n't wa ou life to hage , it is noral tat it will undego different changes .
It is necessary for u ivs to have or to feel th we are gettin betr .
My favourite sport is cess because it is the oy game for ou mind .
It so helps us in our studie .
I agee hat it 's not a physical exerce but a mntl on .
There are any physical exercises , lk simming , ut name any game except chess ht ake our minds shar .
I like many other games , bu te best e is this .
I am nt saying that we should always pay chess , as physil activities are also important .
The eason wy I wold recommend someone thi sport is tha children who are not interested in her studies or would not be ae to tudy .
In at case , chess would help him . It wud make h child 's mind har ad he would not g istrated by his suroundins .
Local transportaion is e of the mt seriou roblem in o area .
The local transportation has become difficult and expense ,
so h gvernment must take action to make it easier .
Public mia also mus educate people in the imprtace of ocal tanspor a how they can presre it .
Th government mu save gasoine d zz to slve e probm .
They must find a slution to hs difficult problm .
They must maintain the roas .
People alo hae an important rl in sovng his problem .
Te soul conserv energy by usng buses instead of using their own car .
They can also alk or ide a ik .
The governmet us maintain the public trnsportaion nd make it safe .
We an solv ts problm if we wat to .
I thought that wrting an ricle on my favoute sport would be inteesting o te radrs . Abo all , and regardles of t sport you hve chosen , it is paramount to do so sport , whatever spot you hoos , such as spinning . That is my faourite spo .
My piee of advice o tking up a hob , in tis case a physical obb , which is od r your health .
I ather enjoy spinning , feelg the rhythm of the music louder ad louder . This gives me high energy eac time I go spnning .
If ou ant to start doing sme sport , rst of a , think about h uch tme you ae willing to pnd on it , ten try once an if you have a good time , go aed a ke the most of yor time enjoying the sor . Neverthees , be careful and go sloly becuse yo mgt be inure .
The me spt you do , the better ou fel . Ided , ou mood il o be blue anymore nd your boy will be hin a goreous .
First of all , my opinion is at there is a future for e pblic trasport system .
If we ke a look at th wiss publ tnsport syst , in the igge citie , aost all people go to ork by ubli tanspot .
he advantage the get are the foowing : hey do n't ve to lok f arkin possibilities , the ca leave the bu or the train a a e minutes aftr they can egin to rk .
These eople also help to protect th environment by saving natural reources like petrol .
To coclude , in bger ciies lke Br or Zurh there is no dot that th pubic transport systm would be less inconvnint than travelling by car .
The proces fr maig bnk notes can be outned in six onsecutive sps .
First , he bank nots ae considered how to desn , includin backgroun clour , artork and security isses .
Then , thy are prepared by killed machinis .
Subseqetly , the shets of bank ote e printed on he metal plae .
The notes ae special ink with colour on both sides , which raises images slightly .
The most important step is inspecting the ote to se which are god qualit sets n wic ae bad sheets .
If the hees are good , tose sheets re then cut into separate bank notes ad packed int crs in orde to be ispatched all over the city .
If the shets are d , tho shees ar ten etroyed by burnig .
Spt is a vry mportat prt of a healthy lifestyle .
It keps our odies strong .
Today we have a o of different sports , so we can hoose something that rally suits us .
I njy unnng .
It is the kid of thing that ayody ca do n it afcts all parts of the body .
I litealy fl stronger after every time I run .
There is no doubt at trffic adds to pollution .
Public transpot ofer a posibl solutin to the problem , beause many people a be transported in one vehicle .
The government a a responsibility to encourage the public to use buss an the undergrond mor .
However , there are a number of chages ha eed to be consideed .
Firstly , pblc transport should be made fr .
The governmen should ise taes to pay for the service .
Ca are generlly re expensive .
Frst , I hik publi tranpot is more exensive .
An if we ompare t money you spe on a car and the amount that ou spend on publc transport , it is less .
Secondly , if y se a ca , yo do n't hae to at a long tim to ctc the bs or th trin , n mab you can rive lat fo work in hi situation .
I believe tat ung your r h a lot of advantages or benefi . It is more omfortabl an less expensive .
Lat summ I wrkd at a cnea . I thin it is a very go job because o n see y films you like fo free .
The drawbac of thi work is the very bg salary and I think ta I will work at this cnema nex sumer .
My favourie sport is yoga .
I do yoga to i relaxaion .
Yoga cams d vitalizes body d nd .
I do og at least n hou evry day .
From Monday to Friday , I do it at om . At weekends I tten yoga lasse .
og is a ery convenit sot .
We can do it at any im we lik .
But if y are a beinnr , it 's beter f yo to attend regular yoa classes .
ou can learn corect postures in classes .
Aer doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any pce .
People 's lives wll hange drmtically in the ne 50 years . Equipment and ool av eolved since the beginning of umn history .
In rcent decades , hwever , developments av een particuary grundbreaking . n has be able to invent mchins which hae ben pu to work . Automatin is a ret hep to mankind , because it signiicantly increases the stanard of living n frees people from hard wo .
The result is much less work an a bett ife .
The disadvantage , howevr , is that , because of the machines , many eope hv lost their jobs .
Dea Jo
I rad yor leter . I old lik to know some etils aou what places yu want to vit .
I advise you to vist Queretaro . It has had an excelent rvice for foreign pople since fve years ago .
Taling aut or new job , I was searcing r some vacancies . Hoeer , tey required a full - time worker , so I am oig to cotinue searching for som part - time jobs .
See you whn yo arrive in Mexico City
Sinerel
Uil
Nowads , peop are constantly on the mv .
Is it better to use public transprt or prvate transport ?
Wel , ecologists say that getting around using publc trasprt is oe beneficial fo h environmen an sng a a or motorbike .
In recent years , the numbers of pople wh use pblic transport as incrasd a ot , in comparison wt ten ers ago .
But es it actually hve a future ?
It 's oe comfortable , faster and preferable to havng to n to tch a bus , wi for a tain , et .
This is a at hih indicats tht there is no futur for public transport in our ociety .
Other sins are , o example , if yu travel by cr , yu ca pak the ar in front of the place wre you want to go .
But if u take h bus , you hv to get off at a bus stop , which may be a t far fom where ou wa to go .
Also , it hs to be said that maybe in t futur , technology will create a c ht es n't pollute the air , ad hen , using public transport wo n't be neessay .
yeah I think this statement is quite right because every rson hae a ar nowadays .
Transport is important , u a c is more reliable for famili if thy avel together without waiting o transport .
It is mr flexible nd a t of fun for a fmiy .
I ive in a city amed Tangerang . It is in Indoneia .
he Indonesi goverment itlf does n't seem to give a damn about thir country 's cleanliness , a do either e citizens .
This has caued or rve some big problems , such as diease , unplasat mels , loods , c .
I myself , seing the rie filld with garbage , always se to be disgusted by t tench a e unleasant appearance of e gbage .
nd in Tangerang , the a is oluted by arbn doxide and other cheicals .
And alo , besids e rve , th oad in he it is also pluted by garbae .
arbae everywhere .
The condition of my cunry is really criticl , I thik .
And the amount of the city 's pars does n't mtc t amoun of the populion and pollutio in the cty .
ere ar a lot of high - rise buildings d it causes flooding long the gh - rise bilding ' sectn .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and tw coud ma a eter environment by throwing garag away in e correct lace and trying using eo - friendly transportation .
And govenent , please do n't be so fbby with ou own citizn .
Ye , be trict .
I think it 's ok because th purpose of you oig at is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they do . And I tik that 's enough from me .
I suppse h government hae ls studied hs situation .
t tey d n't do tha muc after findin ot ths truth .
I ope h Indonesian govement tae actio regarding tis sitatio beause , if it continues , then Indoneia will be the most unclean cuntry ve the ter countes .
lson ead the note , smiled , and immediately p on r co .
She looke hap an sh was lookin forard to fnishing h class to tell er friend wt hd happened .
After the ass , Alison joied her friends .
e was very nhusiastic and eling them that Jn , the boy h she h fallen in love with , had wrtte a leter to e .
Then the frens culd n fail to pay tention to Alison 's words .
h ead the lter with a l of passion , because it was obious ha Jan s interested in liso too .
Whie a the girs ere listening to Alison , Jua appeare as a gs .
Also went red as a beetroot ad al r friends laghed at r .
The b elt ver embarassed , so he crried on on his way and he i not say anytig to he .
Alion always thougt : " If I a not tld ths story to my frien I would have pnt all evnin with Juan "
I think that there is a future o ubic ranspot , because over time he gasoline prices ad he cost of te repairs to veicls incease .
Like with other hins , prics incree , frm food to clothes and om supplies , gas , wter , electrcity . hn eopl choose public transport in the fute .
My relang activity
Swimming ha awys been my favourite ort .
I used to go to th swiming pol when I was at sool to earn to swim n it bece my favourite activity when I w really ired .
I was it my sister and my frends a I ad a wondeful tm .
Nwaays , I uully go wmming twice a week and I reall noy siming becase I can chill t d dconnect my mid .
Moeove , it is ai to be healthy and improves prolms with t back , so going simming is really beneficial or me .
Rcently , I oud a gadgt to listen to music while I am swimming n it is mrvellous ecause I aso lve listenng to musc .
Fo beginners in this sport I oul recommend that a trainer teahe swimming proprly becus it is ery important to y attention to the position of the rm .
Futhermore , it is necessr to wear glasses .
Swimming is one of the bst spos to do because it requires l parts of e body .
For this reon , it is a perfct ctivity to do sor an njo yourself .
There a lots of problems in ou lif .
For exmple , transor .
There a lots of inds of transportation like buses , ar , ubays , trains or aixs .
May Maybe te ar cmfortabl , terrible , , dngerus or average .
If you r late , you a us the subw beause it is faer , safer and cheper .
Cars an bues become dangeros and cuse poblem in h steet .
My view of eating habit .
Why does u brin hik bou food eery dy ?
Why do we have a fridge in very singe home ?
Why ..... ?
vry y pple thik about fresh ood , fat fod , sweet food n ay ifferen type of ood . Why ?
Are you thinking tht emotional eatng is yu bad abt ?
How oftn do you oe your fridge ?
H man times do u go shoppng r sme sacks ?
What happened to us ?
I remmbr that my childhood as very quit and happy around dinner at grandmother 's hue .
Really , I el u that I was , lik , a lttle bit fure girl who has dinner reglarly wh w portions : soup and mea deal .
So we a start from the beginning : first , was breakfast , which inclue se cereals with hot milk .
Secnd , as unch at school wih something like a sandwich and ome fit .
Later I was at home at dinnr tie d had sme dessert .
Cn ou e w ey and regul a life I have g .
My " riate menu " included fres od ik salad , fish , fruit and veetbles - man optio ad health food .
Now , I am a 28-year - od wman o es n't hae time r norm dinnr because I 'm very busy .
Toa , I wake up at 07.00am a gra se in of bread with jam , rink a coffee , but more often hn not , just he me for half a mug and run to wk .
During t ay , I have nch , hih is fr a can or order some uk fod .
aer , I der take away om a hinee buffet or a pizza .
Whn he weeked mes , I hve a pan fr a special dinner hch is home made , but do n't have time again .
Wha hpened to my healthy le which I wanted to hv when I was a cld ?
hy es eerythig look more diicult and harder thn it was before ?
hee is our free ie an what are yo doing th your lifestyle ?
Ten ers showe me that I a do everything for myelf if it is enough for me ....
Aiso read the ote , miled , and immediately put on her cot .
Se en to e trai station nd ot a ticket to Lodn .
She stood there d red th nte again . The address ws near to Big Bn .
When the train ae e smiled and got on and at wn .
Se tured her hed and sw im . " He w olowing me " , se thouht . " Well , I soud k im what he is doig hre " .
" What ae o doing here " sked Alion . He looked at her t wit a bad mil , ad turn hi ed .
First of a , finishing high chol is a ri of passage that indictes h beginning of a new capter for suents .
From is moment , ey ill have matrity and responsibility .
Howevr , my of them re t ead for this .
So , a o of parents a students have the opportuity to travel for a year .
When yo a travllig aound the wol by ourself , you gin a ot of knowledge , clure , discoveries nd , wih a of thi , y gain personal expeiece .
Sometimes , th ca cnge a person , making er or h have a new percepton of the world .
However , some tudents do n't have ti opportunity to travel ; the stat to work .
Te job provides , lke the trip , reponsiility and experience .
It changes the pero in a iferent w too .
e consquences a n't good as the reasns , for insace , they may have t career prejudicate , or they spe so may years travelling that ty ar too od to study at a university .
Beide that , they have different points of view on mn subjects , ha is why tey y no lie the fun and th conversation in h social ie ith other studets .
The cn ot ejoy hi chapter with young d fresh thoughts .
Finall , to ke a decision to o go to a university hn you finish hig school is n't the easie action to tae .
It is a big desion , that rigs geat consequences n great exprinces .
Wateer the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lies foreer .
Be caeful and chose wl .
Puic transport is the backbon of a iy .
Usall pole use ublic transport to travel roud the city .
If in a cit people use public transport more tn their own prvat vehicle , then it will el to prtet the environment and ease taffi as well .
u noadys , atomobile companies ar more focuse on the imroveent of cars so hat they ca be more environmntaly riendly nd tffic friendly .
T future of public transport will be easued on the bss of t advancement of th private veice .
Sometimes people g offended bause of the crowd and th inconvenience cause by sm eole while usin publi transport .
u the ma concern wl be technology .
Technology is bcoming more advaced .
A r is beig me that is so eco - friedly nd er - friendly that it is re
ay eople y tat , at scho , a stuents have to start a sport and do it regulaly .
It is not a good idea becaus som tudents he to sty l afterno for oer subecs and fre time is vry cant .
As an eampe , if a student needs to recuperae a subject or a to gt a go mk , thy ca n't go to do a spt because the is no time .
In contrast , doig a prt is very iportan becaus we cn ae new friends or we c start to take responsibility , bu the most important thing is that we a always active so our bd can e good results .
To m up , doing sports is very importat or teenagers , hose bodies are grwing , a doing it regularly is a comitmnt that we should mke . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educationa because we must do a sport wt enthusiasm , not thered or out of obligaton .
Dar Sir ,
I 'm wrtin with regard to the watc Fssil FS4735 , which is similr to FS4812 but th differnt colours .
I w it a couple of days ao an I as going to buy it , ut it as diappared fm your
prodct it ( I supose it ha en od out ) .
However , I wonder if u cul tell me when it
will be availal agi ?
Thank you in advance f he informaion .
our athfully
In my opinion , they re t my friends . If yur parent were yr friends , yu wold live in harmony with them .
The would considr yu as an independent person .
ccrdingly , o would take responsibility f what you i .
However , they are not my friends .
Thr are some reasons h te ae not , as follos .
First of all , I make very effort to do my jb better , ut , tey only consider that I waste my tie ing the wrong ting .
ext , thy do n't believe my skls ae god .
I do everthing , t notin .
Finll , they totally do n't listen to what my ont is .
Thy awas ook at me like I 'm a kid wh nvr grew up .
It is idiculus ha my parents do n't believe in my abilty .
I am verwhlmed wit gief , ivng wit them .
I can not tolerate tir rid and prjudce anymore .
I pree being alon to living with them .
Popl often discuss if TV iewing is useful for education .
In my pinion , atching TV is actually elpful for leanng ew thigs .
There is one arguen that says ht the TV rmotes us .
T main reason fo this is th TV teaches us , becaus it is an impotant meiu in our lives .
A good exmpe of thi is the large amount of informati news wih we are allowed to get .
hi clearly shows tht TV is teaching .
To um up , TV viewing is t ju entertaining at all ; It is definitely also educating .
Many pepl argue aut th ue of TV .
Sme of them believe ta it ca only entertain us , while others belie th it cn alo educte .
owever , I think that TV cn do both .
I bt if somebody wnt to hav se n , he or she an jus choo t ight Channel or mie , uh as codies , ieo gs or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile , if an individual wats to learn from TV ,
TV rovides lots of cognitive proram , like cokin , taking ar of pt , w to eat el .
For me , I do preer reality sows tht hep pple ith how to ea wih problms .
Fooball is te favoure sport in te world .
It wa invnted by a talented athlete in he UK in early 190 . Te sport became er famous frm en the frst World Cup w ed in Uruguay unl the presen .
I hve really enjoyed wathin ad playing football sice I was a ki .
There are everal resns why people eally enjoy occr so ch .
Nthng is permanent in this world . I 've heard hse words fm the mouhs of my parent a now it is in my heart and hels me to eal th this knd of life .
Somtimes y 're hay n omeimes you are sad , no ou ae success or you ae failed , that is the cyle of the life we are taking .
ife is changing ver fast as te day on e calendr are gin by , he flow of if continuously revolving with th worl every persn has .
Nobdy a el ow , we , where and wt wi happen in the next 50 yers of or liv .
It depens on w y deal wi ht you have in the preent to be repared for e forthcing chanes in h futue .
There ar a lot of actors ht could gratl affect what ou will be in he next 50 years of you life .
But the mos vita pt for hse changes is you .
Everybody has te igt o for a change , but it shoul be o th ettr a not for e worse .
With the simultnous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go throug with it .
A complicated ways from before , dvanced technologies mak it easy nd simple n , what el oe cul we exect ?
The digital e s been a big problem for the music industry because the new thnologies and the iternet have held msic piacy .
The people alrady do not y a CD , ey simply downld it .
" Pacy is destroying the msc inustry " as it is a violation of coyriht .
It is a hame ta a person wrks or man monhs eple want to njoy h or wihut having to py ; it is literally stealing .
It is le you designng a chair a people taking it without payg .
Singers have to adapt n be able to suvive pirac . Now most of their income is from concert and dital plaorms lie Spotiy .
I think that people houl be ore responible and respect he wk of others so that socet evolves in a healhy a ad without conflicts .
Tdy , ny people , rops or social movmens disgee with diferet ad mainly aspects of our dominant culture . r exaple , marriage or e ae for marrie , the oe of oen in the family , reliins , education an new types of family and many vlues .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - lture movements a som pole call these pople " alternative " , but they are more common ach da n this creates an nclusive n diverse society .
The culture is chaning in hi way . Mae it could be wonderful o uma freom .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
Eating habits in my country have eally hnged in te last en yes .
it 's r is n't lar completely , but I supose it depnds on changing lie hait in the development process of our ocity .
he first d ost important chge is related to eating prepared food that is n't halthy . Usually , t reason is probably omn 's lifsyles , which e ing troug big cangs in he sense tat they do n't like staying at hoe and spendin ter tim makng food . Nw th prefer to uy preared oo .
he other issue is related to ou habit of eting food ogether ih our family , which was a custo in huan life , not jut in or culture , bu w because of a hard and busy lif , we ad to ea our meals most ys of e ek .
Now , we forgt big diner taes tat are surrounded by family membes .
But a good change in o habits is t attenion to calories and hlthy fod , because of geing information on h inernet d oter media that ar easily accessible o all peopl thse day .
In summary , l thnk the hange is neglgible but we an ontro it to ake ur ife better , especill in rlatio to food , whch is the most important asct of our lif b we do n't a attention to it enog .
I am a progrmer h wants to write abou progamming lanuages an kills .
e truth of h matter is I thik I 'm fu of idas but , unfrtunately , I ca n't decribe my knowege and xperinces in Engis .
oweer , I can wrte these eas in my wn native language and tat 's hy I 'm thinking that one day I hold be able to write those ideas in Engih as well .
er Sophie , I ave just come ac from a rely excing e days with my cousn .
That w the best pla I have ee ben .
We went to New York r four days .
On Thursdy , we arrve at 12.15 .
While I a in he bathroom , my cousin was mokng .
Wh I went bak , a policeman aske hi not to smoke , so he w ngr fr t hole flight .
On Friy , we went on an icredible sightseeing tour , u the uie ld me n to ae pictres because I had to by them .
On Sturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to t pasta .
inally , we dpartd at 18.45 pm .
I think I wi go bck nex ea .
It was a el pland holiday .
Mchael , together with his wo iends , am and John , decided to tke a vacation in Pulu Langkawi , Keah , Malasia .
They searche fr flight tickets , rental car , n hotel .
hy were vr excited n could n't wai to go here .
Aou ne mon efre departur , te reserchd on te interne the places ht might interest them .
Tere were Padang tsirat , Cable Car , Mahsi Tom , sml islands , Duck tour , beche , shopping cente d , he st xciing tin was bying chocolates .
One day before goin , Michael uddenly ha a problem .
He needed to follow h family to he to .
Wi l his hurt her , he told his to friends about t matter .
Adm nd John ee ry any .
They aid he had aready plned everything and Mchael d happily ruind th vacaion .
They needed to thik agi abo the budg and l of e other stuff .
Michael could n't stn anymore . He colded his riend ad said smethin ht no one wuld want to hear .
s mother her what d appened .
She tried to have a calm lk wth her n in his room .
She said money c cause everone pa if it is o settld vry well .
After all the wise advice , his mother kssd hm on his forehea .
Michael tred to hnk wisel aain .
He acompanied hi mother to hs om 's door .
Michae closed t door a knew at that momet he a made a mistake .
He called his fieds ak nd maned to srt out te mess .
Petr loked at his watch d knew tat he hd to do something mediately u he a forgtten ha he a to do . fer thinking , he reembered ha he h to visit his grandmother as h was ill d his othr told him that i grandmother wanted to see he doctor a waned him to tke her in his ca as e doctor 's clinic ws far aay frm he house . Peter dcded to go ad he drove s c to his gradmother 's ose in te next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waitin for m on the street . He apologizd to he nd asked her to t into the ca . " eer mind " she sad and t in t ar beide him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clic and after hf an hour he arrived n he a hi grandmother wen up h stairs to reach the doctor 's inic . Afr they rrived , tey found that ey a to wat a piod of time to take tei tu . Th waited a then tir turn came . They entered te docr 's srgry an t dctor was very id . He welcomed thm and afer checking Pee 's grandmoter , sai
she was absolutely fine .
Thre is a ma wo is e mo important in everyn 's life .
I am no different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my lf . He is none oth than my fate .
I rspec him so muh and admire i aso .
He is my best friend wh eer hurts me .
He always elps me by giving god dvice .
He is an dal farmer wh never ever tes a le .
is mans of makig a livelhood is th simles .
He alays honors the odst and taught us to avi telling a li . As ar as I remember , o day he was dvising me whe sddeny an o m entered the conversation nd gae a foolish sech .
Nevertheless , my fate id n't tel him rrgantly but he made hi know te right tin politely .
He is a fluent speaker .
hat 's wy I dmie him .
Everyone mak mistakes . No one n sy I he not made any mitakes in my life .
I have made many miakes I guess .
But is ta a big problm in our ves or a all probem , or does it really t matter ?
Or do o realy regrt what you hve doe ?
Travelling by r las an impornt role in our lives .
Thre is a l of private transport in the street .
However , traellng by s or tram eve get away from our ail routie . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can eer no what iht hapn with you cr , her it mght et stuck in traffic or sm other accdet ight happen .
Public rasport ha a timtale .
This fact givs e government th opportuity to manage h taffic on the rads in cities or twns .
Pvate ranport gives us raffi jas , a t of accidents a tessful situations .
We g nervos becuse we are responsible not ly f our livs but for ote peope 's , too .
And , also , we have to understand ta uin public tanspot is eaper than uig a car .
Th other ide of the problem is eclogical .
Why do we thi that oy convenience can be e man point of usig a car ?
What c we ay about or ecoogical awareess ?
et 's tae a bicycle to rave to ou school or o instead of usn ay public or prate ransport .
Transport is vry imortnt for our lives .
Pubic transport ill hav no futur because traelling by car is mr convenint .
Pblc transpot is ot suitable fr lugage .
Travel plans eed to dpen on public ranport timetables .
It is re fn when we travel by car .
We can pay sic or talk abt anting while we travel in a ca .
Public transpot is ore boring .
If there is no public transport in om areas , hen we need to hire a taxi .
So , If we have our own car , it is much asie than ung ublic traport .
De Jo ,
ow are o ?
Nice to receive our letter ad ler that o will be in Hong Kong his summer .
Hn Kng is a wodeful place for shoppg , eating and igt - seeing .
You can taste sea - foo in Sai Kung and Abedeen .
Visit Big Buda on Lamma Ilad , see h beutiful night view on he Peak .
Besides , ong Kong lso hs any cunty parks for hikig .
I am se that yu will love hi ountry !
If you wa to find a job fr only tree months , I suggest yo coud teah nglis f a smmer choo .
In Hong Kong , most stdents woud lie to ake se cuses in the smme holidys .
I wil e se nformation fr yo if you ae itereste in ta .
Write to me wen ou have fixd ou itnerary , and looking forard to seeing you in ong ong .
Ta
I thk public trnsport is paramount nowaays , bu th uture will bri us some kin of different mas of transpr , uch as h ca . s , the car we ave been using all our lives .
But th time , it will be another tor , becaue in ode to sa time and money , we e ong to e o own ar .
Let me xplain my reasons . hen you drv your car , you c take it from yur aage or outside the main door of your house nd it ets ou to wereer you wt . But on t ote hn , if you take ublic traport , it will be much moe ionvenient because you have to ctc t us at a bus stop ... Where is your nearst b to ?
Then you have to tke the subway to ur destiation , so that means a ate of time . On the other hand , it is cheapr , but wht happens if you do n't ha an oin to a t bs driver ? He coes he problem .
o have to look fo a shp to tn your ony into coins .
Wha 's the ime , then ?
Obviously , you r late for work , een if you he an appointment to hve an inteview f a ob .
Alison ad th note , smiled , n imediately put on her ot .
he rad a note from her boyfriend , T .
She must go to a shopping cent bcause Tom is waiting f her in t shopping centre .
They are goin to see a ne film abou James Bond .
Alison is ey app ecause she had o se om fr wo onts .
He had to study in a different country ad they had not seen each other fr mnths .
Tom is studying in London .
Alison goes to a b stp and sh waits fo a bs .
She can not wat to see o .
en she arrives at a sopping entre , om is leady waiting .
They want to sen l ening togther .
Te Lion ig is my favourite ilm .
It is a sor abot a little lion and his lfe .
Symba is h min character .
He must began to be the kin .
He ives in the wild .
His fthe sves h fo a fight but he de an Symba is sad .
He moves to another place because he does n't wt to be in h same lac where is fathr did .
u he gs to kw Timon an Pba n they make Symba beliv ain tat life is good .
Then , Symb avs umb om a lion and this lion is Nala , wo is an od fiend of Symb .
They retr n Symba et to be the lion kig .
I would rcomend this film becau it is funny , entertaining and ou cn learn principles .
My name is Shousheng nd I live in Montreal , Canada .
Alough Canada is an nglis - speaking country , in Montreal , the official language is rnch .
So I do not ave h opportunity to pratise Englis , because mos of my colleagues speak French .
They speak Fren in meetings , in the gearm , n in the opping . centres
My favourite sport is rnnin .
Whn I have free time , I usually ru , bause I feel rally relae afte that .
I started this port six years g n I foud mslf .
When I stop doing it for a eek , I eel that there is omething misng ad I 'm not in a good sape .
I advise evryone to tart this spo .
In fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if ou give it up .
But it 's very mportant r your health .
Running il hel you ur caories and make y calm and relxed .
My favourite sport is fotbal .
I lk footal cause it improvs my aic skills a my mind oes o tak hat much tres .
Football is realy good ecuse it is an ctive sport .
It is bewiderin !
I ws inspired by a true lend . His name is Edan Hazad .
He pays for Chesea .
My faourite eas re Chelsea , Man Cty , Man Unite , Real Maid ad Barcelona .
That is all I c sy . I oe ootball very uh .
Ys , we can say that the ar is much oe convenient . But not very prsn a afford a car .
even that pce behind ful for ar .
hat 's h frt act ,
and the sond one is h fashion or tyle of oun people who do n't like gng somehere using a r rather than a bke .
after that as point We n t go everywhe we would like using a r .
There ae alo limitations there .
Maybe so many pepl like it ecuse the are so man serces with it .
But hat does n mean that pbli tanspor does n have a future .
That fact behind sene because th maienance of pblic transpot is no the resonsibility of th traveler .
If we want to count function of public transport becase it 's not nough words to a . Bu pubc trnport is a mch needed service in big citis as well as sal villag .
It 's t so hard to find sights to see in sch a b ity as Moscw , u wen o have a wide variety of museums , paks , club , you wil y to vsi only the best nes .
Le 's lo at e ost poplr paces where touists pefer spending their free im in Mosow .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that ed Square is the mo oplar sight in the capital of Russia .
That 's wh I suggest starting the jorne from tis lce .
You an get there by metro ( Tetralaya Stati ) .
From ed Square , yu can easily se the Moscow Kremlin , St. Bas 's Cahedral , the State Historical usem and Gum eprtment Stre .
If y r dying of hunger , you can have a uick snack at Teremo af or have a sure meal at restaurant # 57 , whch is on the thd floor of Gum .
I prefer spending my free time in th parks .
Grky ark is my favorite plae for my leure time .
It 's th capital 's central prk where you 'll find lts of nterestng things .
Tee e lots of facilities , suc as prts ctre , a pig ong cu , a he centre etc .
hee is an open - air cnem , bu it pns ony ater 10.00 pm .
So , if you want to he a memorable holda , h capital of Russia is t os attracive place .
My fend 's ae is Kadr .
He is from Gisun .
He likes playing with is mbile phone , playn basketball an reading books .
Hi hobes r listeig to muc , playing comute gas , watcing fotbal mahes ad wtchng TV .
These a my fiend 's hobbies .
I 'd lik to ak abot my at .
I 'm only fifteen ear ol , but I think I ae a hey past .
Firs , I 've lways lived in a knd of ittle fl whic is a social logmet .
We dd n't have a ot of mney , but I went to a rivte elementary school .
There were a lot of rih eopl , maybe we were bot ten to ne hundrd n living in a house .
I had a l of fiend ; to ma friends .
In sith grd , I realized that they did n't realy ove me , or vn lk me .
I remember two contrsting moments . O day , we had to creae a team to do an exercise wich used he brain ; tey chos me .
However , another te , we hd to crate a em f oin srt , and tey did n't choose me .
That get to the second problem I had , d still have n : my wigt .
Ty d n't choose me because of my weight .
I ws too f , too uc fat .. I loked at my elth boket o nth ago , and I saw that I have bn overwegh sie I a or ars old .
Until sith grad , I thught I wa " normal " , t en eeything hanged .
Learing Enlish is very portant to the future of everyone .
It is a languge that many pele speak and know .
May people start learig English at school .
Ler , people contiue in anguge choos .
It is a difficult language , so , t best option is to go broad .
In an nglish - speaking county , evey day you lear to live .
Peopl speak differently , t with a basic level , ey undertan English .
It is difficult to go to an unknown pce with iffernt people , but it is a goo experience to learn .
I think if the whole orld had only ne langage it would be better .
Everyone cud speak and unerstand eac other .
But this is n so . Therefore , we must study Englih .
Because of er suggestions , I learned how to control my tempe wile I was dealing ith failures and ept telling myself that it wa n't a bg she because I had tie my best .
Thus , I became moe matur because I ovecae tos hr ims .
I ik aling in the morning every day n I noy doin it on my own or wt my friends , becaus it 's very goo r my hath and lso it keeps my body healty nd full of enrg .
Sometims , I feel trd of waling , especially on nny days with high temperatues , ut th ca n't mae me top dong ths spt .
hen I 'm walking , it can refresh me l e tim and akes me fel good .
I an to gie advie to peope o love this ype of sport : please do no gi it up , and do it as often as you can , because it 's a bneficial sort .
Hi , everyone .
It 's a good idea to ipove my English wrtng .
I 'd like to speak about the education sstm in Egypt .
I graduated from e faclty of w " English division " t year ago with a ver good grade .
Th ordinary result of the big effort I had made at my university to hav a go job in my specialzation , as a lawyer .
u in Egypt no one gets ht he deserves . Yu have to py a l of ony to hve a job or no someone who can e hs authorit to appoint you .
So , I wate to e a jo in another sta , like Dbai . I hed jobs there a very god ad te salaries . I have submitted my CV fr vrous job ,
but what is the commo reply ?
Your qualifications are n satisfactory . ou must be UK Or USA educated .
Finally , I se ht I have very high mas for my education , t do I o ae the ability to ork in real li because in Ept there is th wort education .
Thanks .
1 ) I like helping pole
2 ) o offered to go to the cinema .
3 ) Meryy rfused to orow money .
4 ) an we fford to prhase a car nx yer ?
5 ) I look orward to eting you .
6 ) T movie I watched ad me r .
I do nt think it 's eay to do resarch in ndia .
Even if I want to focus on my work , he cete one or the othe issue to distract me .
I will mak my wn pth , though it will be difficut or me .
u it il be very roanic to be wih my girlfried and iht th syst .
We generally se he word " stss " when we feel ha everything seems to have become too mu - we ae overloade and wonder whether we raly can cope wih the pressures plced po us .
We c hang everything that harms us if we need to , if we he t wil .
The reasons or stress are mo diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam eiod , family problms or because we thn in a negatie w , or we ave detroyed oselves thouh long hours of working and cancld our needs for nogh comfort , and lt of reasons to tres ...
We must et d of te strs qckly before we os ourslves , because it 's very rmful . r example , o can read a bk , do sport , pl music , a delicious od , remember all h oitive tings that have happened to you , talk with someone w you trust , get rid of everthing that makes you upset ad makes your life tiring , go ut and eat a meal wth your best frieds , n thee are a l of tins o ca do ...
Remembr tht stress is not a lsing hig , an you can avi it .
But if y are willing to live a apy fe .
Dear Sir
I am writing to cmpain bot the afe 's unc menu .
In my opnion , the main course eed improvemnt .
Firsty , I am a egetaria nd I do n't have much coie of vegetables .
Sondly , there is nt a t of vriety in e dessets , mainly ruits and puddings .
Thee ar no any healthy drinks . There a o many t drinks either .
Se people in my college re vegetarian , Muslim , ean etc . nd he do n have a lt of varietes of fod to hooe , rom like halal ma and g nd ohing that comes fro animals .
It is thought at you should chane te type of food regulary .
You should also reduce fast food , which aes eople bse an is t halthy .
It wol be better if yo offered drnks according to the weather , so , when it 's winter , we wul like a ho drink d , if it is summer , we would lk a chilled rnk .
I hp you consider this aor problem in the cae .
hank yo .
Yours faitfully
Dear rs Ashby ,
I 'm writng to o regaing an advertiemet I saw on my y om calling or cnidates to fil a vacanc on our ce staff .
As requested , I 'm an Engih - speaking uy ad currely looking r a job that doe n't disrupt my studies at olleg .
r tht reason , tis jo is prfectl utable fr me ad , besides , it sowe up as a good opportunity f me to improve my income , helping me to p my bls .
I am twet - five years ol n whn I as teenaer I led abroad twi .
he first time was in Lonon f 6 mons , a most recently , in erlin f 8 moths .
The movie I 'm oin to be reviewing is " e rge "
I actually iked it uit a o . I ut oved ll th suspense an th parts where they leave you angng . It 's jus really interesting . h movie is about the American government , h annually ve 12 hous when all crimes , eve murder , e egal , n tere are no medal sevies ding that long period of wat they cal " t purge " an nyoe can joi in . You can il whoever you nt .
The thin is , some people do n't thnk it 's OK , and hey do n't agree , so they just ay isie an try to survi the night .
he digrams illustrate e process of producing bnk note .
At the beginning , ank note huld be el - designed , cosiering the colou matching nd atwork , including issues relating to security .
After designing them , mtal pate are prepared with te he of expeinced machinsts .
Th it cos to the pintig step .
Ensuring there is colur on bo ids , t mage is rised gently by a pecial ye of i .
Most iportantly , befe distribution , printed shet with 50 bnk notes pe eet have to be checked to e wether ty e of perfct quality or not .
They can only be packed a distribute if they are of od quality .
In thr words , both bd heets and e oes wih re separated badly eed destroying in a safe wy hich n to tem fom gettig into the mrkt .
Tt 's how bank ote re produced fm paper to what we can use to purchase oods in our dly life .
Many pope believe that nowadas the is no future r public transport , because travellin by a is so mu more convenien , but others coniue with the thought that tey do help , for example , wth tavellig long distances .
I believe bt are useful .
First , there ae plenty of people who ca n't by a car , and so , e ol ptio thy have is to travel by these modes of transport .
h ticket does n't cost too much a it is affordable f the majority of people , at ast compard to buin a cr .
Secondly , public transport is moe efficient for traveling long ditance tha cars and eople would n't have to purchase fuel .
When people need to trve to other continents or fr away , they m ed a plane , which is a or of publi tranport , to complete the journey becaue they have to cross oceans and complicated istances that have diferen landforms .
Hoeve , a r is smeting which belns to t peson and he can do whateve he wants and fin it in th same state he eft it in , ad somimes pubc transpot vehcles re n't et in the best y .
In additio , o have to hare wih people you absolutely do n't kn n robably wo n't ee gin .
Consequently , you can be robed or get sick .
But , by observig al these people , ou can enrich yourslf wi the ifferen cultures d nners the othes av and incorpoate new topics .
To conclud , we can establish a middle pint .
Publc trnport is useul but smtimes nconvenient and cheaper . u can get to know new people ad difrent clures .
hen I w 12 , I went to Fane for the first ie in my life .
hat w my fist im on holidy in nther country that w n't northern Itay .
I rmemer I woke up at 6 o'clc to ta he trai ad went to Prs in France .
fer 4 hours sitting on an uncomfortable et , we arrve at t ain satio a then my parents and I wn to the hotl .
We visied a lot of monuments , museu and churches , lik e Louvre with the Moa Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
That week I felt hppy and relxed , but I a a litl t a we we eurned to Italy .
I am nly waiting to go tere anohr im !
Nowadays , man people have tir w transport . r examl , ty have cas .
Transport is th best facility o peopl to be le to travel rond a country .
Without tansprt , eple can not go to work or do anything else .
Public transport is the best way to go to work . Becase it is easy to travel .
No need to a th full amount , because thy hav many pple who boad the u .
Public transpot helps us to kn our country a enables our body to ov from one place to anoer .
Fo exapl , we have to wal to go to a plac , heres a car ca park in the place where we ant to go .
It helps us in many fferent ays . If we have a problem , we can tke a us nd go ere .
It will be mo appropriate for us .
ll villes ha a bus stop were t b stops to pk up or dop o passengers .
And ome bues dive at night to transport passengrs .
Without it , any pople would have a l of difficulty ging somwhre or returng hoe .
However , ther re sme disadvantages wth public transport . They ause many trfic jams . is is becae the buses r rge ad difficult to cntrol .
If the roads a arow , the bs wo n't go along the street .
The s wi n drop o e passnger ere thy want to go , because thy ae to drop them off at te bus stop .
Day by a , he cntry is developing more and more . Nowday , we ve trains .
Many peope rave by tai eause they arriv quicker than e u n re cheaper in the long run .
Public traspor wl hve a future because some people have no oney to uy thei own car .
ublic transport heps us in many different ay .
It wll better if we have public tranport .
Dear Kuba
Is yur fmily happy that you came ack ?
Are you fine ?
I am writig to tel o that I mt my nt Lisa en I as in Lodon last month .
We e eac her near Oxfor tret , whn I as going to a upermarket .
e en with me and we talk abou verythng !
She is a er interesting a wise person , but the bs thing is her hmr .
We a ging to trvel to France ths hiday .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wt .
Kisses
Oa
Nowaays , using public transport is considered to be the most conveniet
wa to get around .
It provides citiens th the freedom to relax a disconnect hile goin hm or to wk .
Hoever , taing you own car is much more useful .
An for ths reason , I honestly tnk it ill be the only mns of transor in the ftur .
You also sked about te leisure activites in Span .
ll , let me tell that there re lots of ys to have a good te there .
or me , h mot interesting one is sightseeing aron he city and discovring its mouments a landmarks .
However , ther is also an endless of isure activities , such as gng shopping or ging to muses , to cinems or to beutiful pas .
If ht is no noug , you will be able to ejo te amzin amosphere of our nigtlie , ging to rstaurant , to clbs or lounge bars .
In my tow people ae very educated and vry aware of the environmnt , hy kow ry ll tt if we take care of the environment then it il be usul fr us onl , so tey r alway carefu about rubbish ad ty to cen he ville .
Wheever they go utide , the alay keep a plastic ag with them so whatever rbbish they il not throw on te ro or ouside .
They alws keep t rubbish an dst in a plastic bag and hen ty thw it in the dustbin .
D. erhps bilingual schol ceatio might be a good ida f Colombian education improvement , but it would be appropriate to be aware that Colomba actually a public schools wih a bai education were Eglsh is consiere as aothr academic subject , in contrast it e prive ones .
Because the majort of schol do n't have enough resources to ay o it .
The whoe picture shows us the pocess of making bank ntes .
It depends on iv main steps , wich include design , preparation of mal plas , printig , inspcton , pacging ad estruction or dissal depedin on whehe the fourth step is go or bad .
Above al , te desig is te most important step we should know , which involve conidering te backgrond olo and artwork .
econdy , we ne prepaation of meta plat that subsidiarize th skled machinists .
nd then we need printing a ispetion .
Eventually , the ms essential prt omes . We need to inspect the quality of t shts .
If it 's ood , tey go to packing and distribution , whereas e others should be destroyed as well .
In conclsion , the whole process is an unreversed schedule .
It cosumemed the power which includes uman and maches .
Nevertheless , in my opinion , e mst precious of the evolution is the modern secury masur through such a muti - devloped soiet .
To bgn wt is desin , we hae to consider background colou , artork , and securty isue , and thn we ae suppoe to prepare meal plates , using silled machinists .
Secondly , rintin -- icluing shee of bank notes , are printd ( 50 bank not e shet ) . There are some requiemets -- clou on oh sides , special k , slightly raised images .
The mst importt step is inpection . Te printed heets shoul be manually inspeced .
If prtiall damaged shts exist , the ank notes shou be separated into good n a .
Fially , if it is a god hee , t rocedure is packaging an distribution , including cutting io separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bad sheet , the procedur is disposal -- ad shees ad nk nes should be securely destroyed .
I do not kow from where to start .
ack in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of he cleanest and st environmentally friendly cty in the wod , Even cleaner than Pari or ohr citi in Euroe .
But tme changes and things chng wit it .
owaday , Cai cn be considered as on of the - if no he most - diries cities in he wod .
Rubbish is everywhere , pople finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of keeping it til tey nd a bn .
So , he ug tut is , my countr is n't clean d people do nothing towards rectifying th .
In ths ictue there is a man bhind a cunte in a sho .
There are lts of guns on h wl .
In e rit - nd crner , there 's a sn which says tha in thi sho it 's ot to lowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that , on h one hand , yo hve te opportunity to bu dangerous wpons owadays , bu on the other had , we are unable to manage this situation correcty .
It is true that thre is an icrease in violence compard wih e past and it is r duty to ell our children tha a world without guns is a beter wrld .
It was ae Sume in Africa .
x and his famil had ben on their holiays for two weeks n . his yea they a deide to do a safari as a nw experience .
Unfotunatel , Ma as no as excied as hi fail ; he d never ealy be nt animals .
He on enjoyed tayng at e hotel watching telesion .
" M , wake up ! " his mom said .
ce he ad woken up , he wt waling outsde th hotel for the fist time .
Tody , f se rean , he had hi feeig that something iterestng was gong to happe .
He wlked and waked , thinkin about hat cold it be , until , aftr a log time walking , he realised he did nt know ere he as .
Suddenly , he hea something . Was it an anml ? , he thought .
And then he realised it wa an enormou lion .
Max froze . He di no know hat to do .
h lion was getting close and hen he reached Max he l on the floor and looked at the boy .
Max , or oe rason , stred him and te lo smiled .
But udenly he heard a nos , it a i mum . " Max where are y ? " sh screamed . The io sappeared in ne second , runin .
So M walked up to r , a sid " er mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into t hotel . "
Ma spent t rest of th y tinking about that lion until he ent into h rom . " hat an amzig day ! " ,
x whispered to imself as he gt into be that nght .
Dr teachr ,
I am your nw student , hen Xun Wang .
I come rom Taoyuan de .
I like iding my bicyc in the srets .
I am stdyig at Yung eng hh schol .
t long g , I won rst prize in ath competitions at school .
The presidenial election will begin in Taiwan next ea .
I look forar to the rest being released .
l e time , we are learnig mre for our various goals .
My gal is adission to National niersity .
Best regards ,
your student , Zh uan Wang .
Cntinue studying
Everyone in the world has a goal .
My ultimate im is to coinue my studies .
Unfortuntely , my previous studies er in rabic .
This preves me from achieving my ga .
Te mot difficult ar in nglis I have trobe with is ritin .
I ae no probles with radng , speaking or listening .
As pt of my la to imrove my English skills , I decid to search on the internet for any free pgram whih could lp me wt e plan to improve my English writing .
I found yu website n ti is my fir try .
.
there ar ny differnces between ol cmpuers and the n es .
For example , ew computer are smaller in size th the old computers , hey r also faser an more efficient , he have beter resolution and a iger memoy to se files and othe stuf like ps .
Trieste is a littl town situated in te north - east of Itly .
We hve diversified harvest ie in te est of e wod , nt only in the houses u als in every pubi building .
or examle , in ur school there is e possibiliy to collect paper an plati in different boe .
In e last ea , some politicias hv decidd to put our city in ordr . So , f example , they ut again to place the roads .
In e mddle of te main street , wih is nxt to te a , there is a divide wth a t of flowe nd pnts .
So t envirnmental mpact is vey attractive .
We still have many probems to solve in ou ty .
Ther are n't boxes fo rubbish in every condominium , nd we do n't hv the harvest of the dampnes that is preset in any other towns in Italy .
Another robem is tha the ctizens of Tiest do n't ay attentio to the enirnmental prolem of their ciy .
Fo example , hn a n or a woman h finished moking , he / se rows t art ciarette nstead of in te iht b .
In other countries it woul be ipossile , because if smeoe wanted to do hi , he 'd hav a fine to pa .
I thi it is important tat , not only in the faml , but lo in school , we col raise a w eneraion sesiive to he ecological poblems of he eat .
In this way , we wol he the posibility to hnge .
Hi .
Toay a o of people do sports , t not l sprs are amued .
It 's rat for me to wre about sports n health .
Whe I was a hid , I use to play football wit my riends .
I sometimes played in chool break in h mornig .
Ti sport as very happie r me , but o day I rke my leg and hn I never played football agan .
I had to go joggin a few ers ago .
I ftn inished up very tired because I nee did sport .
ecause on occasions it 's very borin .
Althouh I go jogging , I also do nothe spt , simmin .
I began doing ts por ree years a when I lost my job .
I usually go o dys a ek but next mth I am going to go three or four dy a week because I ho to enter a local copetition .
I go swimng at a public pool .
he public pool is near my house .
On he n han , this sort is god or my heah . I keep fit .
On the ther hand , I have met a lot of pope , and they a vey friendly .
And finally , I will oly el u ht you should do me sport . It is good or us .
See ou .
Jerr read e eal and decid to go to e shoping centre immdiately .
At this moment he woke up .
He oticed that he w trembing " it wa st a dram " - he thought .
He had another ek to find a birthday present .
s uncl 's birthday s hounding him because he d n't kn what he shoud buy fo im .
He ha already asked l the fail about ti , nobody had n't idea what ould be goo enuh .
Then he decided that he woud jus go to the fishing hp and sk a sop assistnt fr help .
As he thogt as he oe .
It was a rat idea !
The man s professional and gave hi useful pice of advice .
He bough the bes of all presents .
Ucle Tm s elghted and rou of him .
Off h p of is ha , he ask his npew to go fishing wi h .
Jerry sid that he wold be honoured .
It tuned o that that yung oy had a good head r ishin and now ty always go fshng tgethr .
I do n't hve a avorie sport .
I do a lo of sports , n now I 'm going to tell ll bout hm .
I lke runing , riding my ke , laying football , skii in inte , climbing , etc .
What I le aout running is oig to the mountain and enoyng e landscape .
Wt I like abu cling is doing rout ad very log pats .
I ike ooball beaus it is a ort that I ae plyd sinc I was sml and I think that it is the mst fun d exciting team port .
I ie skiing because it is a sport that I lo id hn I was small . I like hgh speeds n lower living at high altitues and ejoyng gre landscapes .
I lie climbing , but it is a sport that I ha jut started ... bt I wnt to eep practising it and keep learning nw things .
Te issue of taking car of the enviroment is ry tpcal in the mern world .
The amount of garbage is increasing at e sme time as the numbe of humans is increasig .
The growth of consumpion in deveping countries leads to increasing consumption of enery , water and other resources .
Polluio of e ecosystems is increasing in these countries too , as a esult .
Thes problem ar topical in o city , Kyiv , t .
Noadays , our local governmet is mkng some decisios to improe the situation .
It is going to build seval moern combustion plants , d sme programmes o discrete rubis ollction ar being implemented .
There ar a o of citizens movement ecept official activities .
eople organise common action for cleaning areas near ouss .
Some activists plant tres in srin .
Thes activities ae place especially in spring and in autumn .
I hope that mos of the big businesses , plant and tations will be taken outside of the city boundaries .
hes day , transportation hs become so crodd . We have a lot of cars in he streets .
There e a lt of accients becse many people drive so fast .
We hould put a lot of cameras in the street to know how hes acidents ae caued .
if eerbody knw tat ere is a unishmen r wh th do and nobody n escpe from what he dd , I gues we would av fer rafic ccident .
Everyone is cious about making bank notes .
No I will al about THE ROCESS OF MAKING AK NOTES .
Te bank notes are designed caefully . Wrker ed to design their backgoun colour and artwork .
What 's me , h note il also be printed with security featur .
hen , t note il be prepared on metal plates . After tt , pinting . The notes wl be prited in color on both sides it speci in and they will hav slightly raised iages .
A new pieces of bak notes is rinted completel .
ood ones will be pacaged and dstributed . workers wll ct them n da with them careuly .
h ret of them ill be isposd of .
Dear Jo ,
I tink tha Cádi is the pfect place to meet , bcause Cádiz has coast , sea , ad ountain .
h peope are ve kind n fny , and it is a ey cheap city .
In Cád , in sume , ther are a ot of pprtunities to rk .
Cádiz is a batiful city and you uld enjoy it a lt if u rked he .
Cádiz as got a lt of amaig beaches .
Also , you e a ret athlete , so you could tach surfing , football or other sport .
On the otr hn , in Cádiz tre r a ot of ars , so you could fid a job as a watr .
I hope I hped o .
ince I ws seven ear l I hve been on my ty 's basketball team , and I ve no doubt tha playing basketball is one of h thing that I enj t mst in my life .
I lik basktball because , besides the benefi tt it brings to your health ad physical well - beng , it is ls a really good hobby .
Anoer reaon y I like it is bcause it is a ta spor so you can len and volve ih hm .
You also get to meet a lot of pepl at tournamets or even at normal game .
I really think at everyone should try it bcaue it is f a elthy .
Dar Mr. Yoyada
I am writin this letter to complain abou the CPU that I bought last wek .
I orded 2 NVIDIA GTX 80 , bt I sil do n't he my oder in my hnd .
I need h PU as soon as possbe and before 17 March 2017 .
If by 17 Mah my order ha t com yet , I will cancel my order n I wnt a 10% refund of my ony .
I think you sold be oe on time or you ill get a ba ating from your cstomer .
Than or verything and I wa my money bck if I do ot get my pu .
I hope I will et my rder and I hpe you will be more on time r the customer der shipping .
Tnk o
yours incerely
Nwadays , people ae becoming more independent , a more than th robem , socety n nes to show ther ths indeendenc and control of their own lves , whch includes cr , houses nd matrias .
On th on had , travlling by car n be an exellent y to get to where you an to go , witho going on ot to find or bs sto and ecomes le iportant if you lve in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
Another dvatage of trveling by car is that yo do n't have to spnd time waiti for yr ohe transport , and you c avoid the crods of people at re in the subway ations every mornig to gt in the lie if you want to arrive at wok on time .
On the other ad , public transport is the only resource some pople have to get aroun , n mor tha excellent for the environment , it 's also a ood way to avoid traffic n spending money on petrol , sne it 's heaper if you cach a b .
other disadvantage is ha using the ca can be roblemaic in som situations , lik if you go to a footall gme by ar , you probably wo n't hae a place to park it .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let pblic transport be forgotten , ice as wel as povding h only way me pole have to travel , ca are n't so conveniet fr me siuatins .
I tnk you ould go to a lage hool in a own because hre you a he more riends d you an do a t of oth things ha you can not do in t countryside .
I really want to go to a g schol in a ton , beaus here in the countride , I c nt go u wi my frends or go hopping with them .
In a on you can do everyhng f .
You c go to t shoppin mall , to th halfpies , to the skate ark a you c do a lot of other coo things wth yu frinds , bu in he countryside u ca n't .
Bt you should go to the schol that you want . That is just my advice , OK ?
I eally want ou to be happy wh your new ie .
A big kiss ad a bi hug
Aa
I thi tat fmily an friends are he ost iportant popl in or live because if yu have some problems thy are lways there and they try to help yu .
These people a ifluence u ives . For xmple , if you have bad friends u become a ba persn an ou wil hve pblems in your lfe . So , yor education deends on the ople around o .
It is no importnt if these people r freds or mily , they ca change our lives o bett or worse , it depends on o to hooe the bes thing at can hep o .
As we know , nowadays , eerythin is pssibl .
We have so may advantage tht make u lives eair .
Een t w of studying has changed .
In geerl , pepe have the possibility to sudy in liaries or using computers .
Studying in libraries requrs a ot of quiet and patince .
There ou mu n't speak loudly n yo alays hav to at fr your tur to borow something or yo ave to wait if another sdent has the book you nee .
Persnally , I think sudying on a comptr is a etter coce .
I 'm o saying tha just ecuse of the easy way that yo n tuy hat yo ant .
Studying usg a computer offers you e posibilit to be more laxed wh you do it .
In this way , o a , mybe , read aloud .
If I were a student that usually studis in a librr , I would definitely try tudying on a computer .
In tis w , I would n't waste a lot of tim .
If somebody sys ht there is no uture for pulc transrt , I mi immediael . Today the ar too many vehicles on or treet .
Te ros ae hock a lock . Everybody has a private r .
People ar thinking abut a comfortble ife instead of the nvironment and saving mney .
Hi , hanon :
About my to in th future .
It wl be very different .
Mainly , the nviroment il hane .
As , ever ye , tere are more copanies that produce differen ypes of pollution on our pnet .
Becaus of th , I think tat th climate wi hange in 20 yer .
Trefore , the amals will ot survive in hs climate .
Also , the hmans wo n't be able to go into the street ll day , onl for a few hours , because of the t climate .
Lvng there wil be armful for eerybody !
We need to do something to save the wol !
Wha do you thnk about is ?
Take care ,
Conchi .
The members of my family a certain my real best riend , who I cn tust n ask anything witout sham or regets .
I ink they e or first friends and or first confidants .
Ever ay they proe they e the popl ho care abt me .
Thik about a family 's rotine .
Every morning he take brakfas together , speaking abot thngs that are n to imortan .
They listen to yu , discus our problems .
Sorry o takig so long to et ack to yu , it 's the nd of he quarter and you no ho cry this period is for a salesan .
Yes , you a shar my contacts .
I would like to understa he benefits of an MA at ID and ho it would help me in my career .
Talng about the World Cup a little .
Watcing our naonal team 's gmes , I came to the coclusion that we ave no need to ceck ou heart coition .
Th Brazil and Nehelands games wr a rea test of our health .
What do u think ?
I preciate yur support .
id Regard .
According to he reali , a l of youg people are n't very communicated in their life .
Te think their life is so borng and alo very mad .
ut I tink different .
For exampe , in our cildhood you e uch hapir than your parents because the job is ot ey sy .
hy have to look aftr their children d it 's very tressfl , I thnk .
Mot teengers ca n't undetand ha , and they think that th jb of their parents is not difficl .
Fistl , young peop usualy calm down through usic , o example classca music .
But most yon people ae t interested in this type of musc .
Fo isance , th prefer o or rock msic .
Through lstening to usic , you can express your eotios n this is te st beautiful thing .
Secondly , hy ike watching seris on TV .
That akes em hap and additionally mak loud .
Usually , they wach crime eres bcase it 's very iterestig and elly mysterious .
Teenagers ae diffeent styles .
A l of yng men love wearing ans an a T - shrt .
Because it 's very omfotable .
But gis love wearing skirts and sng sir .
I hik stye is vry important in u lives .
Throg tye , we can express u emoios and feelings .
In onclusion , the life of young peple is not vy ay .
We hae a lt of unappy das and we ve a lot of polems o .
Hi , my ame is Adrian . I am 17 years ol an I am a footballer . I was bo to be a footballer .
We plae football every day in choo and I was the bt .
I s even better han h oer children . Everyn told me to go to a tem ,
but I did n't have to do anting . A team tok on me when I ws 11 yes old .
he ame of the team was Kasa .
I was in this team for 5 yar and tat made me even better at fooball .
I played my frs mtc at 16 ears o a I flt ery secia because I was 16 and I a capable of sorin 3 goals .
I plyed so we that everyone congratlated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in th word wanted to take me on .
I was ry apy and , of cour , I agreed .
I defiitely agree with that .
leady , in only 20 years , a l of things have chnge bause of the technology .
nd I think tht it 's not techology that will change , t t peole d thr haraters .
Ufortunatel , for this generatio , the wo n't be rea relationships , a relaionshis will bcoe vrtual relationships .
Te gd new is the pepl who ca take advantag of technoogy n save a lot of time because hey might hve a sophisticate robot ta can ep at hom .
Acoring to my experiene , if we do n't exaggerae th a we use technology like t internet , phone , satellite .
It will be a good hig tat we cn spend our time on a good thin .
In som pope 's live , the mos important thin is to wear fashional clothes .
On th ne hand , I hik it is important to look good , bu omtimes te latest ashion is not th et choice to feel happy a comfortale .
or exampe , now ih - heeled shoes are very trendy but they ost a lot an most women do n't lk good in hem .
On te other ha , the personality is more important ad determinative tha an expesive dre . It is a fact .
B if somebody wants to ollow th latest fashio , I accept it , because sh just feels goo in hoe clothes .
In conclusion , my pinon is ta the personlty is ore important ta th clothes we ear , but everybody has r ow ife nd te hoic to dcde wt she wans .
Transportation is one of the mst essential parts of ou day to ay lfe ; whther it is ublic or private , transport tes the sae priority in each persn 's if from e vr eay days .
Basically , we have land , wate and air tansort for relable purpose .
In t age befre indstrialisatio cme int existence , people also used varis alternives to trave from one pla to another .
The motl dpended on aimas to pull crts a to ride on them .
Then te technology impoed gradually towards mehanical engines to ma the transport more coveient .
Te devlped version of a tse engies is used in runing veicles on land , water and air which ae o lives faster .
ut in this modern a of globalisation , global wrming is n of t rie oncerns of the earth .
An when we look at h modern technologies of transprtation , it seem there is no future r public ransort .
It is inevitably true that excessive ue of pubi transport leads to hihe levels of pllutio .
So , it would be better to go for any other alteratie of gre technology f fure use to ke ti world a ettr place .
Ysteday , I had a wonderful dy . In e morning I went to a Galician bsketbal trinng session it a Spaish slecton coach . hn I finshed I wn ith my parents to a hoe to eat d snd tme wh some friends . Ate h fod . we met up it friends of my parents a en to a theme park and we rode on a roller coast , it was very exciti , nd we ate a chocolate ice crea . It was delicous . In th evening , we went to a Spanish basetbal league game , badoiro veru Real Mdrid , ad tha match ea e te of Rl Madrid and then I went home to slep .
Tis is my wonderful day .
Wn I find myelf in Lonn , I 'll go to Buckingham Pala , hih is located in the Cty of Westminser ad I 'll isi yu t gallery ad tourist attractions of h Briish moarchy .
Cotiuing my vis to Lndon , I will visi he largest ark in London , Hyde Prk , wic hs a ull day of uide outdoor games and activiti for the preservation of h par .
follow in Loon I 'll go or a walk to get to Big Ben , whh is e mot beautiful buildin in all ts spledour , where I ill take picures .
Laer , I 'll take e London Undergroud , wich is a public fst trani ystm . I 'll travel on it .
Wen I leave the underground at embley Pak station , I will go to Wembey Stadium , whe I will enj an evening of football . h match start at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " bjr " ; it 's a Baziian band . The type of music is rock and rap . Tei music is vry eay to single .
I really like , in th moments wh I am listein , to turn up te radio , but the siges re dad .
Generaly seaking , it as een sggested that mixed - sx education wll improve to te eree of learnig system at schools .
In aoter word , this kid of eductin system should be included in a clases in all chools .
However , I strngly believ hat the measurement of education level es not elicitly interet with se difrences in classes , but it is also rlated to the qalty of educaion in schoos .
Edcaton las a crucial role in socie and s future and by improving te standard of h education system , students can lear more effectvel throughout thei entire educational life d their career , but also their skils il be imroved by ts process .
Nowday , unfortunately , students ca ot get enouh education fom their chool whereas in sme pr countie .
Their sytem are no longr god enugh and students il not make a ood career for heir uture .
On the oth hand , by building a more effectv learning sstem which will be povided by local auhoriies , students will be ncouaged to earn mre efficiently .
La of teaching methods , po adience of te las , insufficint quantity of learnn maerials , fr ntance , all of hese mates should be enanced until good quality has been set up in the ystem .
esides , by mploying these kids of produres , stuents il also gin re respect towards their tudie nd their jobs .
Hpefully , they ll ot only er mr money in heir enire ie , u alo , ociety will have a ore developed hpe in n other develoe counries .
It is true that coedcaton ca motivate students while thy wor it other sex student , we ogt to also ber in mind , hs is not th only solution to get the best result .
Therefre , we should onsidr other kinds of problems hich affect te eduction sstem .
In a nutshell , bae on te aove - mentiond points , such as the qality of h edction stem not only interests with mixed education but also it ill ned som good solutions in some subets tt re mentioned .
It is concluded th these kinds of dveopments wll be pt ino action for al school sholy .
I like my famil a my riends .
ecaus of that , it is a plasure to speak about hem !
I ll start by introducing my favorite famil mmbes .
My sister is two years olde than me .
Sh ha been an mportant person to me since I as 8 .
ur pents eparated in 1980 , whe I wa 8 and e a 10 .
Sin tat tme , we have ben er close until now .
We have a good relationship , se is my best friend .
She knows al abu me .
My fath is aothe important person to me .
I appreciate him a lot , beaue he tayd it me and my sistr and his lif changed cmpletely .
He investd in or education and tdy he has a lot of adiration for u lives and our decisions .
Whn I bcame , first a teenaer nd later an adult , I t to know te majority of my friends , good friends .
We ee in egular contact , we go ot to dinne or have a cfee fruently .
More recently , I an ot forgot my husband an my daugte .
Both are vr impotat to my emotional stability .
In fac , I fe ty are t most mportnt people in my life !
Helo Stefan !
o ae you ? Hope eveythin 's fin .
Everything here is reat .
It 's been so long nce we last talked ... and I have some grat new !
Well , I 'm writing to tell ou that this summer I 'm coming to th UK , and I 'd like to hag out with ou for soe tme !
It 'll be th scond time I 've visited the UK , and I do n't wan to do the same excursions , so wuld you mind telling me so good activities to do or soe place to isi there ?
Als , I 'd lke to invite o to my house here in Spain . l my friends and I are having a party an it would be atastic if you wr bl to come .
Hope to e o sn
Love ,
Ros
Or old is ver ollute by public trasport so we thi aot at ill haen in the future . Pblic transport caues many prblem in or enironmet , uch as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , polution , and dieas .
We must tnk of alternaive solutons to thi problem .
We ace ifficulty reaching our own destination .
ay people t to teir wok lat .
Hence , if everyon has a privae ca he can go to his work on tm .
Using ubli transport makes us arrv ae beaue it ops many times .
ith ur privte c , we an do ny task in u day , b using buses we waste our time and hae to mke re efforts .
Buses ru on ptol that causes polluto .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles tt rn on electricity . We c decease polluton by using elecricity .
Hence , hs will hel pope to be in a good heal .
In addition , crowded buses cause infections amog people .
pivate cars reduce nfections .
rowded ses spread epdemcs in our societ .
Finally , we hope for a healthy fuue for our futue gerations . We wan to rac ur destination on time ad lv a se life without diseases n ollution .
My favourite sot is volleyball . I hv been playng it sie 2006 . My favoure poitio is nube 2 . I usually pa it in te faculty of enineerng ? . It makes me t and ll .
I like it vey much .
I usually play it with my fiends .
when I joned the Egytia armed forces , I playe for the air defense frces tem .
We won 1st place n got e cu . If anyne intends to pay this ae , he soud racise hard to be able to play it professionally .
Further to the tade fair at wk , where I had the pleasure of eetin you and we were talking aut your couses ,
I am looking f an organizational develoment corse .
oul you put in me contact with any of your customers r more information ?
I am available to talk wth ou on Monday in the morning .
I am ooing forward ou to rel .
My favourite spt :
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught me what fooball was , and I oved it , bu , I really liked the goalkeepers . Wh ve I liked footall since my chilhood ?
I hink footall gives y a lo of feling and experiences .
I enjoy fotbal ecause it is a way to forge oblems nd enjoy yourself a bit , because whe y r plyig football , y are n't thinkin abut other uff , you nly conentrate on the game .
Football is a sport where anythng an happen . t be teams do n't alwa wn ad it is unpedictable . There is n't a dream ta .
Football is a god way to do xercise eause it is interestig an fun .
And if yo do n't lie doing sport , yu cn wach h matche of the teams around the worl .
he most important invention is the mobile , becuse y c do whatever ou want with nl one ommnication device .
Today , it 's smallr , faster a chaer hn beore .
Nt oy do children hve e , gandparnts hv n too .
B wth his gdget , we ave a g robem : people e becoming isolated ; we are iving in ou own orld .
You can do a l of thns usin or mobile , like call omeone , ex , tk photos , isten to msic , tch ovies , lay games , be oen up ( alarm clok ) , access he intenet , chek your e - ails , pay your bils , aces ocial meda , lear how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable thngs we an do .
ut n , children want to av oe as soon as possile . The do n't play hide nd see an do spors ie before .
And oe conseuece of th is ta they ave health probem .
Another poblem is if your mobile is stlen , the tie a access ll your persoal etals , he can check your e - mai , see your phos , etc .
And popl are bcoming isolate . Once I saw a moth using he mobile nsted of tang cr of e bb !
his is so sad !
In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything ing a mbile , but we must pay attentio to o this afects r lvs .
The pie charts illustrate the amount of hoseold earnigs alocatin witi rglar fmilie in two different ers ( 200 ad 01 ) .
Overall , in both year , th amount of earnings allocatio a predominantly f husin , then foloed by oo / clothes .
There w a significant rise in the amount of budet alocatd to both categores ( hosing ad od / lohes ) in 20 a 01 .
In ontrst , vcation / lisue an misc ecresed over the same period of time .
Reardin he ie charts , there was a significant icease in the mont of earnings alloated to ousing and fod / clohes , rom about 35% and 25% in 00 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
However , th allcaton of hosehold budget for misc , which was h lowest compared wt ote cateories in 2010 ( aroud 15% ) , fell by 10% in 200 fro aron 15% to apprximately 5% .
Furhermore , ere ws a slig derase in vacatons / leisure alloction fo 25% in 200 to around 10% in 2010 .
These as , public transport shos no utue .
Governmns haven't been ging good ieas to improve public transport .
There are two ood rason fr no using publi transport in the future .
Firstly , he falre to construct more railwy lines is n reason .
Scondly , popl do n't ie te l bss in te ciy centre .
Cnsequenty , pepl prefer to travel in ther own car .
On the oter hand , I think tee r t aspects ta could chane the current situation .
The rst is , e government cold crate a nw lan of construction r trans .
Te second asct is , eple could hl by paying more tx to buy new buses .
As a relt , we could hve mre comortabl publc transprt .
In my opinion , public ranport coud he a futre if we all collaborate to improe it .
Unlss we do so , I blieve there is no future or pubc transprt .
The are wdely dfferin vew on the issue of wether or not e benefits of studin foreign languages at an early e outweigh he drawbacks .
Some peol would suggest ha larning new lnguages bfoe econdary school discourages studens ' usual learning and that ter understanding of other subjects would suffr .
Howve , I personally believe that the advantages uteigh h diadvantages .
The reasons for this are as folows .
Learn how to walk beore learning hw to run . h opponents onend tt chldren confuse h words and phrass wth their mother ongue .
Confroting hallenges . Primary students sruggle with the differene tween first language and t ne they are learnin .
Thus , pole believe ha chilren leaning forign languages at prmar shool r worse than chidren who learn on ater .
Nonetheess , I wold contend that learning foreign lanages at pimary school brins contless benefits for children .
Piary schol is e bet ti f learnig . Children gain knowledge more easily a aster .
No only is her less sud bren hen compred th secondar chool , but te are able to communicate with forgners as wll as xtnd their ocal nwork during thi period and in later if .
Raher tan being cncerned aou the challenges , childr would dal with tm . It is articlarly advantageous for them to grasp forign languages duri elementary school .
By a of concluion , I nce again reaffirm my positio hat h advantages of learning forign laguages at primary school far outweigh the drawbacks .
Gin tt hose children would hae better devlopmet in the uture , as well as more fr time .
It is a stry of a oy ho alway ound the way to tease hi sister Sukh .
One dy he had a fight with his sister . He even md her c . Both of the sopped alkig to each othe and , ater some days , h boy needed his sister Sukh 's lapt .
Sukh ws so gry with him because he hurt e a lot . Sukh refusd to give hm her laptp an he brother stated fighting with hr again and he een lapped his siste .
ukh startd crying and she said h was not goig to ve him he laptop until he was sorry .
Her brother icked up her laptop nd threw it nd broke her aptop . Then e boy closed h dor n knew at tht moment he h me a mitak .
In my opinion , people 's lives wil change dramticlly in 50 yas or so , becaus the wrld is changing l th time , n we av a lot of techoogy and thigs to do .
People change tei way of tinking d tr to do ne thing .
ha is ore , tey do no do t ame thing as ther parts did .
To sum up , I thi it is inevitable .
Te do of the roo w clod .
The room 's nuber was 666 .
He knw ta he was inside , wating fo the la conversation about the life of Rose .
He pushed he door d wnt in .
h s sitting on the hair .
hen she aw him , she mled .
Then she sarted talking : " Welcome , pretty by , I have been waiting fr y . Please si down " .
He ok a chi , staring at her with re . "
As ou wel ow , Ro 's life is in yr hnds " e sai , and kept tking : " ... Yu are te ol e at can save her lif , but befoe , hat you must keep your roise " . " I no " , he rplie with a sad tone .
Then she took t docment a tarted reaing in a lud oic : " With hs agrement your soul is min " .
Micheal d o kn wha to think .
He loved ose wih h entire soul , a soul that he was osin .
Sddenly , he to e agreement and signed the piece of paper with h blod .
I do t care he thght . Maybe I los my so , but n h is lve .
After that , Michael closed the door an kne at that moment he h made a miake .
On my last vcation , I en to France , to ars , with my lassmate Sebastian f 2 weeks .
On the first day in France , we bought a Fenc roissant for breakfast .
Then we wet to h staim Pr des Prces , wich we oul no find ,
and d to lack of knowledge of the langage , nody would te us which w to walk to the stadium .
By accidn , we a nt a gd fairy wh , when he was oun learned all the languages in t orld and thus led us to our stdiu .
We made friends it ts fairy . ftr an entire day walking with hr , it flt like we d nown each other a lifeime .
After the first week in Frane , we found tat in Paris ere were a lo of people .
o is reason , we lft with our n friend o Marseille , where thee as le traffic .
We chose this city ecase of no input int te sa an it was fimed taxi in hic he played a famous act .
After spnding tw weks with a fairy in Frac , we a to go back to scool a the fairy did too .
n .
ear José ,
How r tigs ? I hae inihed my exams now . I ce bak to Linre two days a .
When do yo retu ?
I took bad diet . You mght come with me !
The exams meant ht I did n't do mch por .
For me , sport is vr important .
I believe tha I am a oy healthy , ut wit all the exams I have bndoned good habits in my life .
I dd n't have ee time .
Do you do sports this year ?
at re y aing ?
Toy I wil speak with my mnager . I will drie es and I go to places fo ysheft .
I wil buy a bicycl .
I ccle at the weknd .
My mum sy ha I do n't eat fruits ad vgetales , so I ll eat re frits and vegetables .
In my pinion , he Diet of Gym is very boring .
Do you know a new recipe for coking chickn ?
Do o remeber Pee ?
He is vey muscular nw .
He told me to play sors every day .
O ay , I will be like him .
We will meet soon , man .
Take care !
Fran .
La yar I was in London ith my friends , Ena , Amée and Arin .
Fist we went to or hotel .
It as near to Hye Pk .
We wnt to Hyd Park and sat on a bench .
An hor latr , we we to the London y .
It is really vey vy big .
rom the London Eye we cld see all over London .
It is a very bg iy .
Thn we ent to Big Ben .
The lck is very big an we stood there a long time .
Then we t on a red b d wen to r hotel .
London is a vey exciting ci .
Speaking bot reading .
Reain is one of e ms importan habits .
Reading opens new horizons , makes you maine .
On of my fvorite boks is Th Power of Yr ubcnscious mind .
This book tell y how to u the powr of yur nd , an how to make yourself happier .
I wh I cld spead the idea of radig among youg people .
Reading is a st f having a great naion .
eter written to eprt on the awful environmental ituatin in my city !
ev , Ukraine .
We have alady doe a t , bu we till eed to do more .
irst of l , rbbish factories should be sent eind the city .
People who drop litter on the strets are one of te biggest problems .
So my proposition is to pst some nformative letters and poters aound e ty , and gie bigger punishments r litering ! Also , the governent should icrease the number of rbbish in and facity taff members .
Clen seach , customer suppr , conflic slutions
compilation of eddig arrangemens and bouquets
People sed to use public trasport a lot .
Public transport is ey incovenent .
Gas prices av om wn a lot .
People an afford cars easi .
ome people live ry a fr the s stop .
The hv to walk a long istane to get to he u to .
Buses e very crowdd .
Buses ta a very on rte .
It takes yo a very long time to get to yor desintion .
If you have a car you cn get to ur destination in a shot tm .
u ow takes are of th environment of ur neighbourhoo ery seriously .
There are man places where o can trw aay your bbish .
At these site there are differet kds of ontainers for all sorts of rbbish which u a cllect at home .
Lik glass , plsti or paper continrs .
The centre of u twn , where the supermarket is , does also have a ste for dumping you rubbsh .
In th suprmarke , o can fid a coniner f tteries .
o only e supermrkt has hese contains . They are ls in the school of the nighbourhood .
In my opion , this gives a good example of te involvement of h locl governet .
Another pint ta I 'm pleed bout is ha o tw is kep clean by a special rup of emloyee of ur communiy .
This happens weekly .
Ty wlk aund in all the streets a pk up all the dumped ateial .
This makes ur neighbourhood a pleasan pace to be .
Finally , I an say that th not only p cotainers for al your rubih , but en special containers in the parks fr the dogs ' ' oh ' .
So this eps ensure tha the children can pla in a much clener park .
Studig overeas mea n only changing conditions , ut also facing many srs of unknown presue .
Roughly speaking , there e thr causs of ressure .
irs of al , te biggest proem is studying .
It is ot easy to adap to a new learning environmen ; the nguage is th bigest difficulty .
Stdnts hve to do assignments in anothr language d use a different a of tining .
Te econ problem cud be from peers ' stresses .
h culture sho is hat international students ne to overcome .
Students want to make w ocl friends , bt cultural customs and taboos cod be a problem to notce n aap to .
Lastly , h problem is from tudnts themselves .
Thy ae le their ofort zone , an eerything is fesh .
Students have to cofront a g ov every chlenge .
As fmil and friends do t accompny them , tudnts must do a ot , rm basic living to future studies .
It is hard to lve overseas alone . Therfre , making fiends fro he same country ans tt they n help one anthr .
eides , attemping opn mn .
Getting along wh nternatinal friend is a great ay to expand ur horizns .
Abu me !
Hey , my name is Mathias .
I wa orn in Dandryds hospital b lid in Stockholm . Whe I a four , I moved to Danderyd .
I hav a big brother . He 's 14 n goes on Friberga as ll . Hi nme is Ulr and he 's in 8f2 .
My favoie activity is football . It 's great n to play it with all my friends . I also lie to play floorall bu it is n't as fun as football .
I also lke to play video gme . I la with my frnds . My favourite gam r IF , NHL , GTAV and some others .
I av lved in stockhom and in two houses in Danderyd , but no oher places .
I do n't know whch is t best plce I have been to but New York was cl , bu I ctualy like Fårö mst . It is an island nxt to Gotland and I hav been goi there sine I was 0 yrs .
We alway rent a litte cottage from a shee farme and n we no his mily .
We always go to the beach , wich is ve nic , a when it 's sunny n wr it is better an the Meiterranean .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I score a ice oal , I am proud bause it feels ood , speciall he it 's an imprtan oa at maybe will chge the game .
I oul ike to be the best football payer in te world , a Youtber , or take oe a big company .
It is otn ha to g up in the moning . I lays hink just one mor minute a hn I fall asleep .
I ske my parents ad they said ambitious , curious an considerate .
I do n't ow if I can agree th tha bt I lstend to thm . :)
I do n't knw wha I lk peoe to no about me .
That I danced o t yer , but I soped because I did n't ae time .
I ould li to play a World Cup gm d I also wt to n the Champions League .
I do n't hae a favourite moi . I lke ny but the movies I like the most are comedis a action aenture .
I do n't rea many books .
I like a lo of songs , ut I hink it 's Let 's Do It Again by J Bog because I ik e singer 's voice , it 's a soft sg n it 's easy to si oo .
I also ike Stolen Dnce by lky Chac becaue it 's a soft og .
I do n't only ike soft music , I also ik pop muic and house music .
I ik to wtch Souh Park . It 's realy uny a I have amost sen all 17 seasons . I also le to wth YouTbe videos every d .
I like a lot of food , bt the mot mea foo is god n piza .
My fvourite restaurant mst av go meat and be really ic .
My favourit meorie must be every summer on Fårö .
To : Tourist Ofic
Fom : ELi Anna
Subject : Shopping facilities
Rprt on he shopping facilities in Katwic
Introuction
h aim of this repot is to describe and asss sop which could be ineresting for torits .
The majority of peopl visiting Katowice ar focuse on three things : souvenirs , fashion an food .
Souvenirs
It sems th there are n many laes in th city center where you n fid souenirs li ostcards or books abut the history of atwice .
Fortunately , vistors will ind l of at in the Torist Information Office and in shops on t outskirts .
The e which is really worth seein is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
They provide al sort of funny lcl adgets .
Fashion
My favorite port is footbll .
It 's h ms popur sport in the rld .
I enjoy it ecause it 's wl nown and asy to find prtners to play with .
Watching football is aso a woderfl experience .
My favorite intenational league is h English pemie league .
My advice to anyone wh is starting tis sport is to start it early and play it reulaly not to oe ftess .
Also , joining a tm oul be a grt idea .
The environment is an important part of our ife , contribtig in a postve way to u prt of life without even concrn about iportnt parts for us to survive .
Humans can eail damge he environment just by throwing their waste away without recycing or ruining h paces here animals ve .
Deoestation an dmag h cycle of ature .
Without forests , ther ca n't be animals , nd the human rae will disappear .
Sm people do n't ee ca and js do n't to ean moey deforests e tee and sell em to mke furitur .
The eve do not pln other tees .
I notice that , in suermakets , the use so much plastic just to covr a small ting or use a t of plastic bags wihot ee thinking aut how harful his is to h environment .
I lived r a hot time in a place hre the wr " reccle " was compleey unknown , ut te used to do it becaus tey were n't so ric .
hee I iv now , I he notced at we hae the opportunity to recycle wse because it is a posh area .
In my oinion , the gvrnment should ake care of all areas , heher an ara is rc or poo .
Polution a a negative ffct on te evironment . I saw on teleision hat wild birds are healthier in ral area than irds from urban areas .
It is difficult for bid fm urban area to fi proper food .
Some people from e are where I li uualy feed the birds , bt other do n't even care .
To ep all of natue alive , we must contribute everon of us for future generatin .
Travling by car is more omfortabl than pubic transpot , easier and fste .
You n go by car at y time , bt you ca n't by public transprt .
Y do n't have to wat for your car , bt yu must at for pulic transport .
ou do not pay n re to trave in your c .
Te am today is to provie yu wit a description of my best fried .
Kike is my best friend . I me him when we re sudying in prmary chool , when we ee six or seven yers old .
Aftewar , we went to sty at different chools , so , we were separatd o t yeas .
Moving on to t physical description , I wn to say that Kike is a realy tall m ; h height is 1.95 metrs .
He as a strog ice that , with s appearance , mas him lk imprssie .
Concerning his personlity , he is very friendly , genous , optimstic , playful and senstve .
So , he is hard - working . He is a awyer ad away helps me with al my professional problms .
I at to tu to s hobbies . en he is n't woking , he is riding a bie ,
every evening , he akes h ie ad rides alog some path for mr tan forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclst and it 's que hard to ycl wh hm .
To conude , I want to y that I 'm th godfather of h eldest son .
My wfe is a very special prson to me . I like her very much .
I met r at university 20 years g . e is 4 years yonger than me .
She is in her 0 .
Se is tall , si and stragt .
In addito to that , s has a pretty ac , dark sin , dark ey d lon bron ar .
h is very kind , sensitive a qiet . She so has an tractive personality and a b hart , but e is ry nervous .
She makes great ood fr us . I li to ok wh her and eat om h hand .
She awys works ar or ur family .
I like to go out wth er , walkig n talking .
Young people r most interested in fshion nd computer game .
Girls usual follow the fashon bloggers d the fashion magaines .
oys le following hannels on youtub .
They like to tae ttern modeled on older people who a popular on the Internet .
Teenagers re interested in sic o .
The ke to exchan opiions abu e stars .
Popl who are in fan cbs are interested in touring with thir idos .
At this age , pople ike bing tter tn their rinds and they like to diinguish themsees .
Hi , my nam is John Keats nd I 'm aged 21 .
I am wriin to appy for h jo you avertised .
I hae already ored in summer cps in Fnce d in Italy with children ed 7 - 13 . I am cheful , energetic nd hardwoking .
I usually wor in the kitchens , so it oe not bote me .
Moreover , I am willing to help organz sots or evening civities .
Moreover , I do like looking after children .
For itance , I tke ar of my ehews once a onth becae noaays my broth is often busy .
I ca go al over he USA without any problems and I can help t tff to get around if neee inc I he a drivig license .
herefore , I hink that I am a sitable person f te job .
as night , I et to a retauran with my amily .
l love the place , n the ni deortion of the restarat .
T waite came a tok e rder .
My fmily orderd nner , but l pcially ordered pzza and Coke bcaus l love pizza .
We ate the fo d enjoyed it a lot .
l lod that day sent th my family .
l hp l a go at weekends ith my fmily d riend .
This report is aout how my city take care of h evironment .
T eolution of my ct is ore or less simia to h evolution of my countr .
I live in the enter of Spain , in a small cty .
Wn I s a cild , my city a dir beause people threw their rubbish on the flor .
Hwver , a ew yar go , e government has ai mr ttention to th environmen of or coutry . F example , they i a lot of avertising on televion , in newspapers ad on the intent to explain ta rbish is ot go for our world .
Nowadays , we n see in l te streets a o of bins ad it is difficult to see rubbih on te flo bease mn eopl clean te city .
Also , children ut clea their school once a month .
The ype of actions produce ood habits in our society .
In the future , we mt mae an effort to imove our environment bcaue we will want to gve h ame word or , if it is possible , a bete wod han befoe to our chdren .
obdy can deny that transportation is n of th ot ipotant hings in o life .
No country can live wihou transprttion as it 's he real means of connection with each oer .
Cars re mch moe convenient , but his doe ot mean that al other means of transportation are not importnt .
Sometimes , an people want to travl far aay ver lng istances , so they need plan .
Other people prfer to travel by tran as it 's faster and mor comfortabl thn cars .
any people lke to travel by bi in order to erease e pollution hich is cause by car xhaust . From my point of vi , I prefr trvelling by a , wch is ore comfortale .
Now in every contry we have a l of means of transport , uc as paes , trains , undrgrouns , cars , ship , nd rockets .
Pulic tanportation is the main way to delier people everywhere in a short tie . In h st , they ha to use camel to trel , which wased a lt of time nd aused tirednss .
ody our life is running by clock .
We need a vehicle to reah ou workplace .
If we ue ublc transport services ,
we a be ae geing to ur office / work plae .
So we must use a private vehicl .
Evryody hinks pulic transport is not comortable for us , bu environmentally , publc tansprt is god for decreasing polluion an our ergy sources re also deceaing .
In Lublin tee is a beauful castle .
It is my favurite place in Lubn .
It is lcate next to e Ol Town .
It as built in he tweft century .
e castle 's rchitecture is in e Neo - Gotic tye .
In t castle thre is t Holy riniy Chapel .
It is in te othic syl .
It as uil as a foundation of ig Csimir e Get .
This is ne of t most valuable monuments in oland .
There is a towr by h castle in t Romn tyle .
This tower is a precious monument of oan art a it is one of the oldet buildngs in Lublin .
It ws a par of the borough of Catelan .
The castle also has a coutyard .
These ays , in the atle ere is a museum .
It is one of the oldest d the biggest museums in asten Poland .
Ths museum hs monuments of the superiority .
In my opiin , it 's one of th most fascinatng placs in Poland and the mt wonderful site in blin . I think at veryon shoud visit ths castle .
The rstarant tht I will tal is Woody Pol .
Woo Pool is in pin .
This restaurant as a od atmsphere because thre are alays peple aghing and tlking about funn thgs .
The foo in this rtaurant is very good and has a lager than normal size becase it is uch bigger than te usual food .
The faous dish of this restaurant is a huge hmburer .
This restaurant il be an aazng pae to the al et there because , lke I id before , te atmosphere a food r amazing .
In my opinion , pbic transort will bcom mr a mor important in e future . Travelling by c m be convenint , but it also brins ar polltio nd trffic ms .
If there we only cars in a city , he city would n't have enough parking spaces and roads , all the cars wul am the city , and people would n't ge to their detinaions .
On th ter hand , rs ed oe gsolie th buses , which emi C nd other kis of wase gases into the air , leading to serious i pollution .
So , what we need is to dote muc more moy a time to mprovin the public tansport .
ubli transport will have a bright futue ; in contrast , travelln by c will ansh om u lives .
My favorite way of travellng is by tri .
Te plane is fastr than other wa to tral .
Howver , the lane is the mo dangerous y to travel .
Bot is ceaper than other wy to tael .
However , boat is he sowst way to trave .
So , train is an ntermidiate way to trvel .
My fvorite sport is boxi .
Becaus I lke boxg .
I li fighting , because I like to h peope .
I startd his sport hen I w 11 years od . My a let me go boxing and I started ta sort .
Thn I started to go wi my rends .
I started leading trener in th competition and I loe tis spr .
My favorite boxer is Flo Mayweather .
He is very good at this spt .
Today , pple use more ar , whch lead to more cars on th street , traffic and pollution .
I think is a ette idea that peopl e public transportion instead of using private ars or mtorycles .
Fis , peopl do ot hv to buy their n cs .
Accdingly , ople do not ae to spn lots of mony on h gas ht they have to ll t tank wih .
so , tey do not ae to nd a place to park either .
Therefore , these ar the reasos why I agre with th form to reduce congestin nd air plution by encouraging people to s private cars less an tr to using more public trasprtation and other fom o trasportation .
It was a cl ngt wh I was at home watching my avourie pograme on telly , clle " Dare to Win " . I was with my brther whe we decided to call . h programme is abot questions for the contestnts hat mut be answered in time , a tere e different things for e winner .
A few minutes lte , we ee listening to ourslves on t proamme . We were so nvous , but it as xciing for us . ur goal on the programme w to get a free ticket to the mot popular elcronic party in he wold .
Despie or nrves , we did well and our dream cam te . Yeah , we 'll be glowing in the rk !
Funding for he nglish Laguage Club
As e secretary of t Enlish Language clb , I am writing hs proosal to persuade yo as to why it would benefit both he students n t coege if we received fuding ro yo .
Dea s or adam ,
I am writing to apply fr th ob in the USA publihed in an advertisement last Monda .
I have recetly finished my course in Enlish in Cambride , so I have fresh and improved English .
In order to hl organise spors and vning activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
ny people sy ta there is no future or pblc transport as cas are n so much ceper an ease to by .
Additionally , eause pbli transport is exesive ad does o have a comprehensive coverage of most cites , pivat cr e mo attractive o most people .
Dar Bb .
I wt to ur new shopping centre las we in th dontown .
Actually , I am very app to tell y that we hve a o of w stores , including an Aple store .
Long ago we ad no stores to by roducts or whatever we needed .
However , from now on , we cn u what we raly need . On h other and , this shopping centre may ep a lot of people get bc to working again .
A e weeks ao I went into he ppe store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awese beaue it h reliable tools whch allow me to do my daily work .
oe people ay that a trip by car is moe conveint than by ublc transport , but th statement h a lt of ssues if we tink out the limitations .
It is ue that wen travelling to a nearby lce from your city , it is re comfortable getting there by ar , becase of e ease of havng your ar to get wherever ou wan wihut spedig mny nd time taking cs .
u public transport h a futur for a lt of reasons . Firt , time . If the place you want to reach is really fa , h different types of vehicles of pbli ransport will g you ter faster han your car . Also , the complications about te field , ike if o wan to go from America to urpe , there is no highway that crsses the oean . You eed an irlane and , less you have e , u will not be able to hieve travel bewen cotinents wi your r . A different eason is politics , ecaue if yo want to go from anywhere in the USA to lska , y will t eed to pass through Canada . Comort is a real importat eaon , because driving for 8 hrs is exhausting and it will al be unsafe . Economics is a facto too , because e wer and ea on your c wi be ore an in normal s and the pre of od and extra stops that o wil ned to do . It ill be more expensive tha on pblic trnspot .
In conclusin , for me , it is a lie that publ ransport has no futre . Howevr , they hve to mk improvements to this , ke th use of better pes of el or energy . One ay is using rnwable sources of eerg , such as sar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , thre are biodiesel and gasolne extated from seaweed .
An public transport ll be mor mportant in a ew years fr now .
Der An , Thank for ou letter asking abt my family a my fends .
Saying ta , my family is th best and they love me ve uc .
I hae a fathe , a mother n a brother .
My broher live in Baelona wt hi girlrien and he is very hapy with her .
I iv with my parents in Lagartera and I am er happ as thy help me .
Also , I have a lt of friends .
They are wonderful because hy are lays tere whe I need them .
Nowadays , it is possibl to find any kid of TV ogramme yo wt and , e , I consider ha there is a lot of por on televion , but not too muh .
Peopl 's way of ife has becme mre n more stressful .
Wh somebody gets home , he ant ly to eax in front of the telvison .
Besides thi , TV companies hve understood spor proide this relaxing momet , mainly for en .
So they pt on ore and mo sports programmes on television .
In this view , I think hat thouh there a lots of sports on tlvision , there r n too any , becase eope hve looke fr it .
In cnlusion , I thnk that TV companies only wan to sell their podut nd t people at to ve their relaxing moment ith th sort prorammes .
Lat smer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very importan danc competition ...
We eft or city on Monday , and we rrive in Cros Paz on Thursay .
We stayed in ne of t mos eautiful hotels in that lae , ih a nc view a with ne peopl around .
When the a ame , we performed an amazing coreography ad we wnt ack home with 3 ol mdas .
We really ejoye this eperience , jus because we shared it as friends and we took ane lessons with the most professonal and prestigious dance teachrs in the wold .
The lbum meican Beauy/ erican psycho is the ixt albm reeaed th yar by the we - know American ck band Fl ou b , whic hs a huge following in sverl countries .
Th album , with levn traks that rache number one , won go and slver awars for te best - sllin in various coutris , such as h USA , aada and the UK .
Thi Aerican bn is known r thei lyrics that something diferet fm oth bads , smethig close to an emotionl statemen .
en in is album , te nd abandon their wn roots d add a be of the p gnr to it .
I relly recommend this abu beause of te lyris n th sund , because it rabs you , almos lk geat oery .
I agree with he taement ht people 's lives wil chag dramtically in the next eas , for prvisile reasons that I will explain in the following text .
Firsty , th igest reasn ta people 's lives wil dramatically change in the fute is becas of technology .
Technlogy is inreasin thruhout he world .
e technlogy has impre ysems in man areas of society , mainly in infrmation systems .
Information via the Intene ad eem more qucky ach day d it is eaching all parts of the world .
Furhermor , thins and processes are evolving .
eopl 's ivs e eting easer and re comfortable .
In industry , big chines are maki new prducts r o benef .
However , the advancement of technology , besides binging dvantges or everone , wl also cau disadvantages , sh as unemploment , ecase machines ill do the same work or work better han humans .
That 's hy I agree ha ople 's lives ill chan dramaticaly in the et 50 years .
USA Summer mp , I am interested in he vacancy at the ummer cap .
I 'm a cheful , dligent nd organied person .
And I ls love hidren .
I am accustomed to working ith cildren ecause t lt w sumers I wked in summer cps and I have w ttle sistrs tat I love and who I pend a l of me aing ce of .
I am a hardworking nd commted person in all respets .
Tse ar th asons why I 'm great fo this job .
Also , the last summers helped me to be prepared r more tings tht children dead .
r exampl , I learnd abu organization , ow to ontro big groups of children , and entertinng activiis r childrn .
I hope you are inerested in my application .
I il be watin for your aner nd thank you or yor time .
Nowads , the cost of buying a car ht can ke e whole famly is o xpensive anymore .
The a is not an exensie thing to av anymore .
As we know , the priviege of hving a journey by a is more covenint than by plic transpot .
We can stop anwher we wan to sp .
We can visit every place wit no time lmitations .
If tee wa someone who asked me " Wha is your faorite srt ? d why do you enoy it ? " I wod el them that my favorie sport is soccer becaus it has l me now how important teamwk is a I cld awas feel that the was a kid of pow , ike omeone putting me ito the ater fro a high ple , to puh me to un d kick the ball .
I hve to sa that feeing was really awesome .
It mad me fe ike happiness w runnn throughout my body .
I would suggest to people w nt to start this sport , fit o must fin five to six friends to make a ea , nd then look r other friends to mae another em , so at you can compete with each other to get the highest sce .
Secnd , al you have to do is arm up or bdy , if you do n't warm it up before the race , you might hurt yourself .
Tird , all you a do is play fo fun wit yr friends .
hich is it t bet ?
ublic transport , r cars or ntural transport such as a bke .
My tcher aid ha public transpor s no ture in our sociey , becuse travelling by car is so much more conenient . Nevertheless , I disagee wit he opinion because if we use public transport we wi ollute less .
No one n deny the importance of travelling .
Without travelling , people would be very bored , lie wul be vr monotonous .
So , in e utre we will ispnse wth types of transportation .
Thee days , we u cs to travel bewen contries .
Cars r vry easy to use .
People ca n't dispee wih cars these days .
Families ca n't dispense wh cars .
So we should know the ight ay to drive .
We should be careful he we rive .
We shud be careu of careless drivers .
We have search to find the odl of h 00 kw turbine on Zafaa and we did n't find t 30 kw tubin on Zafrana .
The capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 80 kw an 50 kw accding to this site .
We sached or n oud te 300 kw turbine is installed on Ra Ghareb in the Re S no on afrana and its model is Nodtan NTK 300 .
Wich capacity and model ll we work on ?
Nowadays people use ars a lot .
In the pt , it was n't le ht . Peope did not have cars . Ty jt relied on public transport .
They had no choice , because life was difficult , a te had no mone .
Ther wee o any company cars , bt ow most peopl have crs .
There are a fe peole who u pbli transport , like students n peol who have a low incom . In my view , I can say the public transport ight be oin to e cloe because nobody is goig to beclo
as week my lss nd another o wnt on a school ti in Sily .
We visitd ny ciis , ike Taormina , Siracus , Agrigent , arsaa and Trapani , and we w a t of historical reek onument .
We sted in tre different hotels and , one day , we also ent to the ea in Giardini Naxos .
h best thing I saw ws h Valley of the Templs , beause there wee a lot of ancnt teles ad monumens an runs and they were really beautiful a , also , the vie was amazng !
That dy , we ad a great time nd it was sunny and h . I tk a lot of phtos and I eaned nw information aot ose iportant buildng .
It a a fantastic tri and I hpe to do smilr trips ie tha !
eople are ntereted in everythin unknown , mysterious an incredle .
hey look or nw experiences .
Nowadas , a very poulr topic aong teeagers is the existence of etra - terrestrials .
To be ones , I do n't believe in UFOs .
In t world there he en reorded a lot of case where UFO have bee see .
Stories about UOs trted in antiquity .
On he walls of cves r sketches and aintigs which show strag creatures d flying saucers .
nivese is expanding a we still know little abu it .
Maybe we are t lone and UFO exist ?
In addition , more and more scientists agree that alis really exist .
I am a person tht kes going to do exerise . o tis reason , I like ing some ports , u the ruh is tha my favorite spor in the world is soccr .
I believe tha playing sccer is an excelent activity , because in eve am that people miht ke , thee aways has to be om rules .
These kid of rues e vey mportan , in my pnion , because when you do an atiity ad coply wth the rls yu are being a better pesn .
He is an imortant peron because he is e prsident of the government in pan .
He is ey ambitious n plit .
He hs bee done severa laws again Spanih citzens .
He sudied a egree in w at university .
Wn znar was presien of te governen eore hi , he wa ie a iniser .
I hav bee plaing this sport since twlv years ag . his sport a taught me to respect others ad not to assault them.there is the nly ason that mak me choose this sport is that I do n't an to be ak . I wud n't like to be nthng in ths country that has a rue : h srong dominate the weak . When I ste ot in the gym , I forget everything : school , he ... . Therefoe , I enjo it .
I ca n't image my lif without taekwondo . It is in my loo , my soul . aekwondo is o a violen sport as many pepe a , but wha u have to kno is wht is in te brain a he het of players .
I just t te 1st degree intertional lack belt and I woud ike to tell ayone just sarting this spt to s their abiities nd skills fr he rght things .
A story
This is my lder brother 's story .
O day , my older bother went to a pr where we ften go to lay tenis . He a a b who wa holdin a re t crying on e brach , not knwing what to do . He stood behi a bg te and looked at e bo .
A w minutes ltr , some boy who looked oldr tha my old brother approached the poor little y . T little boy stopped crying , he My broher fet arad becuse they lookd like rube , but ut he still wand to elp the little oy .
Suddenly , a rub oy grabbed e litt y 's clohs . h lile boy cried out loudly . My brher as outraged . He ran at the be boy nd attacked him .
The litle o more n mo sly , tars rolle down from his eye . My brohe felt sorry r m . He gave te little boy hs smartphone and p on sme go music . The little boy stoped crying and tartd to smid .
In th evening , the little boy 's mote cm to tak m home . He tod his mother what had happend that dy , and s mother smild at my brother , an ok e little o home . My rothr smiled n wet home .
It a a uny day . Like eery a , Sara woke up and hd breakfast with r children , then she went to her job .
hn sh had arived at her office she hd a phone ll from te hospital .
They to h ha her broher a hd a car accident . First of ll , she as socked ,
Then she went quickly to h train sttion n she bought a ticket to ndon . hen she was on e ain , she ad another phe cal .
The told her ht s had to bring $ 0,0 so they could do the surgery on er rothe .
The woma 's nae ws ra .
She cae fm a por family and she ived with er children .
Her husband h ied a long time go .
in a car accident . We sh hea wha had happeed to e roter , he a so nxius . hen a miracle hapened . e found a b suicase on the trai she dcidd to open th bg becau no ne a on the rin . So e opee the a and he was surprised when she aw a lot of money insie h bag .
However , she tok hf of h oney ecaue of he brothe .
After that , she went to h ospital
an pid te money for e brother 's surgery .
h surgery was succesfu .
Chicen - ta is one of th seven wonders of h wod .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
It is very important becae this s a city and a ry important ereonial cener .
T Kukulkan tower is te ust important prt of thi pac .
There a other areas ie " El ueg de elota " , wich ens the Ball Game . Thee is also a vry important " Cenote " where thy ed to sacrifice prett yong girls to their gods .
Our Ftur Lives :
T pst has already haened , we an ot chnge it .
We do no know what 's oing in te ftre .
Bu we live in he presen ; we le in the moent ad beneft fo it to the maximu .
If you sk someone abut e fure , th answer wi be diffrnt , but all wll be arund t in topics , they ll be ither ptimistc e about future or pessimistic about the ftur .
As f as I am concerned ,
I do believe that people 's lives in the future wil hange for th ose .
Not because I am a pesimst but d to several actrs and condition . Allow me to expain my opinion .
Firstl , we are living in an unstable world .
It is te that every a we hae n innovaions hic help people and ake thr lie easier .
But from life 's experiences we can earn that te hiddn target of human bigs is nt to help each other to esse the brdn of lie .
Humans are loking o power nd tey apply the law of he jungle , the stongst beat the wekes .
To illustrate .
Thre is a categorisation of countrie ; thre are developed countries , emerging es d countries on he w to develment .
o cssified those countries ike this ?
at are h criteria of this ranki ? nd ...
Thse questions n a o of ueres of may people lookn for a onvenient answer .
Hence , te above ndicated details uport h ide that there will be a hange in peple 's les but in a ngtive dietion .
In additio , a genel ie of hun innovaon ows that he jority of ople 's creations av a bad eect . hi effect exists ev in people 's lives or in themselves .
An unfortunately , ti ba impt exists in almost all aeas of lfe .
For example .
Cemcal ugs an he peope to heal n ecover fo iseases , u ey av another hdden effect .
hi effect always leaves peoe uffering later , afr use .
Therefore , h forementione informton aboe shows that or futue cod be wrs tn ur preen .
To summarize , people 's ves se fast cange n development , bu generally , hs eolution afets people .
We should ive in a stable nd peaceful world .
We must top l rs , conflicts , and impos hun principles ad values .
The estaurnt I 'm ing to eiew is clled intos y Rbias ad is located in downtown Montevideo .
It specializes in barbeue , ber and ines .
The building is quite de and at the frnt u an s a hue welcome sign .
The resturant ha a rustc design n it has otdor tabls .
The service proided by the restaurant is excepiona . For eampe , te waiting time is vry sor .
nd it is ry well rgnised .
In term of food quliy , e sandrd is extraordinary . They ae well own for thei roas meat .
There wil be a future fr public trnsport .
Petrol wi run o in a few eas .
We n rduce electricity by creatn wind whes ad wae wheels .
Trains are going to be se foreer .
Pblic ransort is oin to be ued re than ever .
Tee wo n't be nouh space on t roads fr ars oe d .
There is a htl debatd issu relating to wether students should take at last one ear to wrk or trael efore th go to university .
d h topic of people 's views an be approached from different angles de to t complexity .
Some peole suppr is " gap year " teory , while othrs eem to disgre .
fter carefully considering this iss , I also eveop my w oins of iew .
I favor te former staemet . That is , I tink students should have a gap yar before they go to univrsity , based on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I disagree wth you abot the fture of public transport .
I am ur that thee is a good future for it .
Ery day , te fuel that we se in our ar is more expensie thn using pubic trasport .
Nowadays , people s her cars to travel for work , for holida ...... bt if the petrol er chper , hey could trae a t .
It would be a good idea if txe wre cheaper than e tes on oher tings uh tobacco , alcho ....
Tus , eople ould pend their fre time travellin n havng a od me .
hat do u thik about hat ?
Although traeling by car is reall interetin , using public transport stll has its advatages . By uing public transpot ou 're savin efft . When driving a car fo a long ditanc , you will g tired . Se peope do n't hae enoug money to by thei n car .
I w o uploading the cat in the glass bottle on Faceboo .
I an to say a few words .
Maye you just tink it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your ct bcaus of ou r oe .
If yo wan to raise aimals , you must ta cre of them , love them and tret them le family .
Although ty e o human , te so hve feelings .
Once u raise it , it will rgar you as it wer .
It rlies on yo alone .
I he you will decide to cats do t let it urt in future .
Futhermore , your abuse of h cat h violated n only hics bt also the lw .
I hop you cn tae down the photos of he cat bing abue ad you a rlly reflect . Do n't repa the sae misakes .
Keeping a a is not a sipe mater and it nes eal ove ad good cre .
So if o decie to keep t ca must be the best , yo can sed more te wth t ca .
Awys pay ttention to hether the cat has ben sick .
In h holdays yo an go or a wak with a t .
It is not a ifficul thg to do .
As lon as yo ae determined , you will be be to ecome a oo matr .
h diagrams eow show the fe stage of the process of making bak nots .
Desig is the fis tag , hih include three parts : backgond , rtwork a security issues .
Aer te preparing of mel plates by skilled machiniss , ey take sheets of bak tes . hee are the requirements for this : colour on th sides , secial nk and images that are slightly rised .
Te mos important ep is inspectin : prnte shes are manually inspected .
If y aply a r job ike hs you must be the person o already been alied this job USA SUMMER CMP
Why should I et his job ?
ecaus I really love to wk wth people of ll ae , and I would like to have hs ps and I 'm an energetic and hardworking peson .
Terefore , lokig ftr children aged 8 - 12 year is n't an eas task , bt as a father or parent yo mu alwy give thm good cre in terms of your responsibilities .
Working in t kitchens meas oin al aout i.e ceanig nd washing he loos .
Bst regas
There is no futur for blic tansort . ha is tu , u I think that eope are very comforable and do n't think aout h environment .
On the oter hand , public tranport is the cheaest ay to travel , although peole do n't think of ht apec .
Secondly , you can drive ou car everywhere . It des n't matter what time it is or where yu wud like to go . Travellig by car is much mre convenient and comfortble than trelling by bus , by subway or by train .
You can put all the bas that ou want to take in you c .
Thse aspects or advantages e al tat I c say abut tis topic .
Hello ,
My name is Anna . I am a vey cherul person and I hve a creative personality , so I enjoy plannin ativities or orgaising port eves in a speca nd colorful way .
I really ove children and taking care of th . I alo he experienc of orkig in umer camps an ha a good experience making delicious foo becuse I already did these things in other camps .
I thik hat I have given od resns ad I op tt you wil ccpt me .
Goodbye . na .
cellphone
I hoe th invention that I think helped humnity to communicate more easily .
Motorola was the fist to do something to a mbil hne . It was on 3 Apil 13 an the first to do so as an emplyee of Martin Cooper .
Cooer mad obile phone history in April 1973 we he made the first ever call on a handheld mobie phone .
After that , wit he w technology they could invet new and better dispsitives o the nee of uss
" taken rom https://www.uswitc.c/moils/uide/histor-of-mbie-phones/ "
ea iary
oay a a good day . Nt every d is as good as this as .
It starte whn I wo up around seven o'lock and I was n't tired at all .
I walked ou to e kitchen and w my mote cooking breakfast fr me .
It smelled terriic , and tasted so good .
It w pacakes and g wit bcon .
Afr that I played wit my brothers u in he garden .
ey usually do n't an to be ith me , b today we playe all day long .
It was such u and I coul n't stop smiln .
The weather was ls good tod . Te u was ining and the were no clouds in t k .
EstiNet echnoogies Ic. provie rliable technical upport to or vlued customers .
Tchical support an be proidd thrugh emails , telphone calls , or vieo conferecing .
Dfferent levels of technical support an be arranged and purcsed at diffeent prices .
My wife n I et to Ushuaia for our days but on h scond d we realised that my we had forgotten hr glases so we decided to come back .
When we arrived , there were a l of Matias ' friends in our hou listening to lod music , plaing games and inking .
We to them that ty had to leave u hous imeditely .
hen everyone s o , we told Matias off because he organised a party witout o permissio .
He old us that he was relly embarrased about hat had happen an he aologisd or is attitue .
In my opinion , in future pople wo n't us public transort .
It will not be trendy becaus everybody wll have his w c .
These cars wll ue alternative energy , fo example energy frm the Sn .
Moern cienc is tryig to find new , more economic sores of nrgy .
Do you have a best frind in yur life ?
Wht is the meanng of friend ?
A friend is a person w will be hre in your ar times and happy times , and a find alay encourages you in all the things you oose in your lfe .
A friend will also be there when you r a and in wrs times . hre is no ex'frid so respect yur friend and ey will respect you more .
Secondly , e stdnt wo has a go body shap can easil ae new frinds , a joining a spots team allows students to aitain a god oy sap .
F istance , stuent joining a sports tam ne to do some bsic physical rainin to maintain their body shape .
Accrding , for a bo or girl , having ston uscles cn make he look mre attracive .
Therefore , the student joining a sprts team c maitain a od body shap and it wll let suents ore easily make new frends .
Peter lookd at his watch ad kew he had to do something immediately .
It is sad th when you srvve a situation which has ten you to the limit , y chae .
And you can never return to beg the person you sed to be .
Yo a no moe the person that people kne .
ut you do n't cae about it .
Every hard situatio ca be gt ov easily en ou make a i effort .
Peer ad bee thinking about this sere aty fr months , snce th ie he ke his mother ws healed .
He had bn takng are of her , so he a prevented from goig to univesity .
He ha to fuse all is drems sddenl .
owevr , destiny a ivn him ather chance to fllw them .
Despite his range bhavior , eer 's u did n't expect it at all .
She felt blesed as she h been ivn such a perfect son .
It is ad to happen once in a lietie .
Per had been kissed by his m before , but is time was qite different .
Maybe he did n't noice it at ll , but it was a farewell .
ow Peer ould fly on his own .
The environment is a cobination of the ar , earth , wter and foret n all these thing r iterlinked with each othe .
Most importntly , all species of amals n human beng a a pat of thi ecosyte .
he human bing is he most wse and inellgent of a of these .
oweve , he is mainly reponsble for disturbing ths eosytem through various activities .
Let 's talk aot one of hm , which is ' cleaniness ' . Nowdays , we ll kow that we are spreading garbage near our hoss and offices .
This my be d to pople not being aware of the consequences of ths bad habit - spreading the rubbish .
But , these days , with education , peop are becmng mo sensiive d responsible toward te nvironmen .
Along the same ines , inhabitats of my village do lot of work to ae ther area clen n hygienic .
Th collect household aste in a dustbin a dispose of it by th roer stndard proceure .
They collet and segregate e rubbis it separte contaners .
Fo example , th llect plastic waste in a yellow dustbin , while liqid ad sod , dradable ase goe in a red contine .
Ti aks it sy and nvenient to identify the waste typs .
To conclude , I wul lie to sy that , nwadays , people re becoming oe awa and envrnment - conscious trough education .
oday in my cls here w a discussion on television n education .
Televion is an obct ha helps popl to knw the nes in real im .
Ter are advantages an diadantages ; televison cn also ause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " progams an harm you peope most .
Toda , here a many children that have a dpendene on elevisin , ey preer to tay at home to wac the aious childrn 's TV programs , hile once u parents prefered hanging ut wit thr rends .
elevsion can be a usefl nsrument if it is ued wit caution . Thereor , I recommend using it less to peent damage to the in .
I am concerned abot pollution .
hs issue has becm a big problem to solve .
In order to help reduc pollution , I take action using the three " Rs " : rdce , reuse d reycle , so I am moe and more eco - friendly .
I rede the use of unnecery powr at home . In other ord , I rn on a ight that I eed wile I e it ; I tak cler shwrs ; I et ony e ecessary rooms .
In order to ree , I convert all things reusble , for example , a astic bottle as a plant pot ; a gas ottle as a od container . I take my reusab shopping bag and refuse to us a plastic shopping bag if a salesman ffers me one .
ecyling is anter ay to be ecological .
Toda , we have more tems to recycle as long as we lean them properly and put them in th proper n , whch ll be used by specialed factories to make hem ino other items .
As log as I try to keep oig tings in an co - friendly way , I realz that I am giig a little from my id n I fe I am caring for my envronmnt .
Hello ! ! o are yo ! ?
I am gong to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am goig to Paris to lo forward my an .
Next I am oing to Italy to e the Pope . If ou wan I am going to Barcelona d I would ie to go with you .
Se y oo ! !
PS : we have to et
Hi Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a od idea to pnd soe time raveling , because u wl hve an oportuity to tink abot yr future , u in my city , because of he risis , there is ry lttl work for anyone .
Here , her are monuments , hurchs or famous people ad perhaps in the future o woud like to become a history teacher .
Although now that e hoidays ar comng , they need eople to hep d ride t amuemet pa or ok t lights of h fair .
If u come to Linares , u ould amuse yourself , and if ou come forward to ok you can do it .
You hv to come ere because Holy We in inres is nice and the show is spectaula and if you want to have un , I like te bulls .
I hope to s yo oon
Sonia
Hi Sara ,
It was great to har from ou .
It 's a vey difficult decision for me to .
ut if u want to decide , I 'll try to help ou .
On th one ha , you ned a ort to kep f .
On t other han , music is h est for elaxing nd enjoying yourself .
Well , I tink you should n't give up either .
You can devote more time to ong oth .
If I er you , I would go running in h mornig and I would go to mic clases afr lunch .
So , u can do bth .
I hope hs helps you d yo will mke the best ecisio .
ts of lov
Fira
I agre ih thi affrmaton because public transport is more expeniv thn a car , is slow an is less economical .
A car is less xpensive , more comfortable , faer and safer .
Every tie a a is sed d more eonoic .
In my onion , e car is more advantageous ta the car and he car is more useful .
To my mind , his is not right .
irt of al , travelling by car is ve epensive .
o example , travelling by tain is cheper and traelling by plane is faster .
Secondly , it 's n comfortable , because you drve every ay instead of relaxing and enjoying the environment .
Using pulic transport ha certain advantages an alo , disadvantages .
It is sai that peole refer goig by bus to a nearby plc , ut om of the do n't think the sme .
ublic transport has plenty of advantages .
Some people ca n't ford to by a c or to pay f petrol , as the price is contantly rising , so using pubic trasport is an eonomcal way to tavel .
On the other hd , it helps to reduce the olluton made by cars , ..
esids , it will alwas be useful for people who ca n't drive .
Many people admit that if they could buy a car , te would do it .
The reason is ey e tre of using public transport and tey wul get everywhere faster .
In the future , crs will be so cep ha everyone will have n . Ts , it wi mn the ed of public tansport .
To sum up , I would s that people wll use public ransort ore ad mr , as petrol is getting expnsive .
Te ictre illustrate e process of mkin nos .
This includes sme of e most iportan steps .
Dein is te first d the os imprtan procss .
It is the fit ste that sts troubeome , some . Some thing mst be included in h consideraions , uch as background colour , atwor , security issues .
Then , preparation of h mel late nd skilled machinit a needed .
Printing is the next ste . Usuly , sheets of bank notes e printed , bcaue there are some special requirements fr the pintin ; colour of bot sides , pecial k , images slightly rised .
Te last step is he nspecton . Sheets r manually inspected .
Th inspection always h tre results : the goo qulity shees , the ad sheets and the partially damaged sees .
If h printe sheets e good qualiy , hy ll be acked d distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be t no separate or pake or ispatced . Te ad heets will be dipsed on . The estruction will be scure .
My favoite pot is wimmig .
I have been going swiming sice 99 , wn I was te years old .
I lk swimming because I fee a od sensation and my healh is god .
At te momnt I do n't practce ecause I do nt have ti , t a miss it !
w I go to the gym and do wght lifting three tims a week . Aerobic eercis vey a and yoga twice a week !
I alway fe very ll after coming back from the gym .
Often I go to e gym it my friend , Vanes ,
ut wh she ca n't go , I go alone .
I always go !
My coach is very friendly and help me .
Television is oe of te mo important AV edi in the wol .
Yo c use it for man prposes , accordng to yor ned . Thre e a lt of channels plyng mn roles . For istane , education , movie , sons , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , b also for education . Television can entertai you trough it s entertainment channls , an tleision cn educate you through it s educational channels .
In this day n e , most popl have heir ow cr or veicle f thir transrtation .
It is also convenent for people wo are rshin to ok , meetings nd so on .
However , I do ot age with this stateet , because pbli transport is need o peple wh do not have vehcles or during econoic downturns .
Public transport is hap and friendly to t envroment .
Fistly , the are fr puic tansport is cheaper ompared wit uying a new ar .
eple do no need to se large amounts of money to uy a ca .
They ca use the money in a more useful or meningful way , such as r investment in proert .
he far or publi trnsort is less ha owing a vehicle hen you cpare bus res to filling a wole tan with petrol .
Some re money is needed to py a parking fee o paking .
Secondly , air polution is a serious pblem nowadys .
Because eerybdy has to eae fr another plac in their wn ar an aron doxide is released from cars .
Public tanspor is a way to redce ar olution , bcause it an carry ore tn a don ties the peple at a time an redce e number of people travelling in their o vehie .
So , it c as hel to reduce t trafic ja roblm .
Lastly , public transport is always blamed by peopl o eing slow and mor trouble than using ther ow vehicle .
Although pbic tranpor is slo , it also does no take a long time fo people to reach their destination , becaus public trasport nowdays is faster an enog .
In conclusion , pblic transport is neede by everybody in a ecesary time .
It can away make us save money nd make th environmnt moe natural and fresh .
Nowadays , te space needed o countries enlarg , wereas the area for farmln , forets n wetand is getting saller .
This kind of siuation brigs l kind of proles for mankind and animals .
Te large - scale uilding projects have aen the pace whch huld long to e animals .
Th food fo them and tir living spe might t be nough .
Some kinds of animals wl move to the urban rea , steal foo ro us and sleep on the strets or in h underground .
Although most of em might be caught , only a sall number of them might be aoptd by rienly humans .
On the ter hnd , t xpanson of a city increases pollution and al kinds of arbage . he air pollution is much mre serious now , an seeing bu sky is almost impssble in so ig ties .
Although t medical skills are getting betr , the percentage of pple who t cancer is stil inreasig .
In conclion , large - scle building proecs ak the lving resources from nimal , increase he possibility of eting ance , and so on .
On if the government develop more echnical ropety , p , ay oe attento to enviromental protection , suh as planting mr trees nd grass in the cite , d bringing in a special w o those mssed animals will we help decrease the harm that building proets do to us .
Fo me , my amily ebers are nt my best frieds althugh I wish they wer .
If the are your es fiends , hey will gide yo n help you to be the et of you , thy wo n't hurt you or ur heir bks on you .
But on t other hand , you ma be punished or th may yell at yo whn you do sething wng .
So it is nt always a good thig , unless ey ae ope - inded or have their o methods to punish u in a gentl way that wo n't make u rgret telling them yo flts or istakes .
Dea Si / Mada ,
I am writin to apply fo a o on a umer camp .
My ame is enny Wang and I am the rgh persn o te job .
I was br in 989 and I he lved in o Angees sce 2000 .
I come fro a large fmly n I hav t younger sistes age 10 an 12 .
To inroduce my skills , I passed all my exams in English at school d I can speak English el .
I also have experience with eenagers through my isters nd I will ook ate them as I tae ca of my sistr .
Additionally , I am a rd wokr and an active pron .
Regardin the work conditions , thank y for providig meals nd accommoaton nd I am willing to cer th cost of t flgh .
Fnlly , I am th rigt erso for th job and I will do my best if I have h chne to work for summer am 2014 .
Thnk you very much for your tme and I lok forwrd to receiing positive news fr you .
Yours faithfully ,
Jenn Wn
irst of all , I wanted to s sorry bout a boin lif .
Sotimes I felt lonely , ha I eant .
You knew evrythng out my health . I 've eer hdden this nformation fom you .
From he first tme , I said to o that I d a rblem it my health , u ou answered : it does not matter .
I lt so bad in the ar .
I fl at I coul lose consciousness . Ta 's why I emove te bracelet .
I really do n't feel ay guit .
I talked abot eerythin .
Hello Lara .
I am gla to hear from you .
I am 24 ers d . I am from vi Ukrain .
My hobbies ar fotall ad ym .
I have gt 1 roter , Ptr .
I am a PD studen in nversity .
I am studying enviromenta science .
vgeni .
Welcoe to this town .
We are hee to introduce o to the shoppng facilities and shop in this tw .
Washin ou joy it .
Tere are sevel big plazas in the center of h town .
You can ak there in about ten minutes from te station or go there by u .
There are hps , restarants and cinemas in these plazas , inuding some wel - known brands .
You ma be negetic or crazy by these charming shops where you ar walkig around .
If you feel lke eatig something , hre are a ot of wel - known restaurant , and they have different cunties ' dishes .
You cn choose t taste you like .
After a log a of hoping , you mit hve spen all ur mne .
Ther 's a bnk in each pza .
So , you cn enjo your ti wihou money problems .
At night , tee 's another side to this town .
Yu can see all h streets are aorned by lighting .
This is one of the ort of the bt quality here .
You might ve a wak around after supper .
My father
My fter 's nae is Zahee Aat . He is ry loving an caring . He gives us all h faclites one huld hve n ram of . He povids all the facilities to us , fo exmple , the itrnet and books , so ha we a learn etter an n be good student and g good mrs in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afrid of anything becaue y are baver tha anything els . My brothers nd I are pud of my fathe . He is vy har - working and bra . He has a smiley face . He always rie to make othe pople laugh ih his jok . He alwy listens to what we want . He nevr ever ignores us .
Dear friend ,
Many thanks for yor letter an yu aceptane of my invitation .
I am so happy you he inally deidd to isi my country .
Lsten , I ill tell ou about gettng to my apartment .
Tere are evral types of tansprt in my tw .
u if yo land rly in e mning , e most convenient ad fast transport is taxi , whh os n't ost much to my house .
In he spring there is mild weather , approimtely 20 - 25 degrees .
There is te possiiity of an .
So you can bring liht and waterproof cotes .
I 'd better to o and ge ready o yur visit .
I oe you 'll enoy my conty .
Gi my love to your fmil .
Plse wrie to me so .
I 'm looking frwrd to seeing yo in April !
Al the best
Mari
Hello Sa .
Tak you very much for writing me his lette .
w , to nswe yu question , I ve many favourite placs near my town because I ie in a ovely lttle wn , but the is one plae that is pecial to me : ' A Ferveza do Pedregal ' . '
A fervenza do pedregal ' is loctd in my town , Tmiño , in Spain .
It is a very qui ace . Because of ts loction , in the iddle of he orest , oy a ew people know how to get there .
ou can only g to ' A Fervenza ' by walkng or riding a bike , ut it is impossible to get there by any the ways .
It is an incredible fores , the grnd is covered in low gass and ther is a ltle ver whr y can wim . It is the perfect place to hae a qet d .
That is al I can tell you about this pac . I he that my answer will help y with your prject .
Greetings , Xabier Morales .
What is our last name ?
Do o en surnam ?
Yes .
My surname is Baek .
Are y marie ?
No . I 'm single .
A pretty rl like you is sill singe ?
Stop it . I have been igle for a while .
My fourite prt is voleyball .
I 've be playing ti sport since I was six years old .
I a to eople that an to y this sport ha it ' s eay if you love it .
You are at an advantage if ou start when you are young .
This prt an el your halh and anyne can learn to play volleyball .
In Itay , vlleyball is very coon , especially in my region .
If o try hi sport in th wron w you cou ae health probems . For xamle , you oud have probes with your hands , in our ec n in your leg .
Hi Laa ,
My name is Jos .. I 'm 25 years od and I 'm from Madri , Spain .
My obbes e going out ad travelling round he world .
I le music like yo an my favorie gup is U2 .
Do yu like it ?
I 'm an only chid nd I std Marketing in he mornin a wrk in t venng in a mall .
Do ou lke stding a ?
I ook forward to hearing ur nes so .
Jose
Hell , my name is Sophie ielsen . I was born in 202 in Swed and I til iv here .
I have got oe sistr named Ingri and e is 8 years d .
In my spae time , I like to ag o th friends and play sccer .
I also do hmwork but it 's t something I do beaue I like it .
The accomplishment I am h ost proud of was whe I scored four gals in a soccer ge .
Te bst lace I have visite is my house in Spai .
I would like to change h fact tht I do n't ra so muc , bcase it 's easier to lea hings if u rea .
Three wors that I can describe myself with e :
1 .
unn
2 . kind
3 . awsome
I think people ll be surprised to know that I ws bor in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was or the on first of ctoer , so there 's no so much difference .
My avrite og is " l about tht Bass " by Meghan Traino , because e song makes me feel god a happy .
My favorite mov is " The fau in our Star " , beaue it 's ver good and I really like th haractrs and t story .
Emily kne h would ave to come to a decision so .
T months witing fo an answer was t mh time .
It was a cd night hen her boyfriend asked her to marry him .
They wee spending t ekend in he countryside . He had ented a cabin but he had n't heked th wether , n a strong izzard arved aving tm witou cmmunication by phn or by c .
The roble f Emily ws ht r boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
he thouht he was so boring , u she did n't wa to be alone . sh di n't now ow to liv on her w and Emily ws utterly errified of being lne .
INTRODUCTION
The purse of hi rpor is to make people more aware of t mportance of taking cr of the envirnmen in orr to eradicte ti prbem wch has serious coequences nowadays .
Acid ai nd loal warmn e issues hich have bn bouht abot by careless pople .
ADVANTAGES
on e e and , if we avoded causing poluion in ours ties , we cld hve a more healthy lifetye hn in the past .
On the other hand , we elp to improve nd clear up the environmen if we throw way e rbbish in the ree points of e town .
MEURES IN FAOUR OF TAKING CRE OF T ENVIRONMENT
e counc is carryng ot a projt in order to eradicate rubbish from my town .
This poect is foused on separating the rubbish at gren points of te city ad tey also hae to kee the neighbourhood as as as is possible .
CONCLUSION
To u up , taing care of th environment shoul be an obligatory task for us .
The main reason r ti is , provided hat we bar in mi that we us collaborate ih all aouds , we will keep the ord on our hands .
Der US Summer camp
I am writing in repone to yur advertisement or work with cildrn this summer in summer cps . I hav looked ate children ged 5 - 10 an it was a fantastic experience . I ave worked at a scol in Nort Africa as a volunteer nd learnt a lot about chidren . I hink tha I 'm a suiabe person fr he job because I am an energetc nd cheerul peso n vry hardworking , I lov working wth cildre and I like organising diffrent type of activiie . I 'm not ey good at coking , u I can larn very st .
I thk that I oud do a fantasic job .
I wod be gratefu if ou cld snd me furthe details about this job .
María del Mar
Comating the detructin of t evironment , ts is a seriu problem throughout the old .
Nowads , ny tres nd grassland areas re amged in mny countries , lo of building are contructed .
An peole should ay attention to thi problem n try to ole it .
The is no ening that the evironmet is hanged by he ehavior of people d animas .
For instance , popl need too ny lacs to build the modern society , so they cut down los of tres , brning many grassland areas .
Another factor is ha th animals do n contol themseve n t h lants leing to te estruction of the ecosystem .
Nowaday , h transportation has beom more rfect , and the peol 's lvs have bcome oe convenient .
Although this change mae the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
It would really be helpful if the governmet made tighter rstrictions . In today 's world , the a lots of construction companies and facories are not dmission , they are destroying he forest , armand and etland , discharging waste water d emitting grenhose gas . It ead to a serious environmental problem .
So t government soul oveee these compaies , ad if compnies do n ob th rules or aw , they houl be fined and closed on .
ecnd , he government should publciz th awareness of protection
Takng te train is mo cst effective tn taking a car to wk , as petrol is otly and e new trnsortation oice has reduced h cost of tikes to asit with te aily living expenses we encounter .
he other beeft of tkin blic transot is feer eple a taking crs , reducing the amount of tox gas releasd into th envionmen .
Abrtion is an immoral t that people prform as everyone s the chance to survive and nobody h the igh to dcie abo nyone 's le .
Abortio has to be taken seriously in odr to avoid these imorl actions , as these fetues are being deprived of tei rights , snce tey alrea have a life .
People have to be made aware bout abortion in ode to decrese h number of womn having abort .
Furthermore , abrtion is very dangerou d a great number of wom ha died ecause of this .
hidren have to be protected before n atr life . That is why aboron ha to be stopped .
I belee puic trsport wil ve a big rl in the fure for several reasons :
1- Inlation in t population ; the rads wil no be able to bear or endure hue nuber of as .
2- I thin in the fuur transpot and roads will be re organzed , more tan these days .
3- In he fuure , people wil be mre concned bout eergy , so transport wll be more ued .
4- Transport ill be mor conomial than rivae crs .
5- Mn eope ca n't drve , like children an old eople .
6- No everyone has th possibility to buy a r .
Because of a these reasos , I believ traspot il have a right uture .
From 1s Qtr to n tr e sal increasd by $ 10 .
Thn , fr n r to 3rd Qtr h sal increased by $ 250 .
Nxt , fm 3rd Qtr to t r the sales remained steady at $ 5 .
h ls saes of th ls year were $ 85 .
Fro 1st Qtr to t Qtr he sales increasd by $ 350 .
arat is n of h bst sports I have ev enjoed in my life . n of th reasons bhind my pasion for krat is that it 's a mens of taming the mind and the bo .
I have larnd to get control of yself when someone teases me , and to be aert as wl . Also , it helps me to alas lk sl ad put me aw frm he ghost of obsiy as well . Pele w want to sart dng karate have to be patient .
They shold immerse themslves in day exercise as wll as eat healthy eals to ep them ativ . fr instance , it 's advsd to e large amounts of fruits and fresh veetables becse te conta a lot of vitain hat the body needs to work poperl .
My fvoite sport a football , basetball , Frmul On and Tennis .
I tarte to play football when I as our yar o .
My fvourite tm is Real Mdri and my favourite player is Cristano onaldo .
He cme to ea Madrid 5 years ago and he is the es player in the team .
His est friends in the tam are Sero Rmos Marcelo and epe .
Basketball is my secn favurite sort .
I watch two mahes at the weeend in th Spaish leaue or N .
I tarted to tch ormula One bcase of my ather . This is is favourite sprt .
Tnns is my brother 's favourite sport .
I played tennis with my brother , but he aays won .
I payed tennis with my roter , but he always won .
Th is one of my favore spor .
Hi Elena
How is it gog ?
Thank you or ou letr !
What a g surprise : yu are married .
My congratulations .
I got ou beautifu postrd n our invite .
I 'm vey pleased to accept your invite .
o I 'm thinkng about te presen . Wa do you ie ?
I look forward to hearing from you .
Bye , Sanr
pors e ve bneficial or ou health .
I le to pla footall because it 's a very exciting gme . It takes only 90 minue . Whnevr I get he pportnity , I play footll .
Driving a a while listening to music is much ore fun for most people , so maye that 's hy most eople love to drie rahe than take public transport .
In contrast , me people hat getting cuht in a traffic jam , so they prefer public ransort . Sme other reasons ight be rising as prices , a rases or hating driving !
As a result , I hik both driving an public ansport have ter roles and we nd to use each one in the ight stuaton .
I prefer to travel by train .
I ave wo reson why I do .
First , there are mny ids of rai .
F example , in our cunry , " Shinkansen " ich means bult train , is famous and vey fast .
" lue train " , which has my beds on the rai d we n sleep omfortably on t train .
hs , no only to ride but also to atch train is ve interesting fo me .
Second , travelling by tri is safe ad esonable compared to planes .
Recenly , lthogh thee are many LCC areer we can hoos , it is stl expensive to travel by lne .
raveling by train is cheep n gettig a tcket is as f us in our country .
And teroism is sare ls .
A pne which wa travelling from Egp to Rssi as expodd by terrorists lat month .
Cmpared to he lne , the train is relatively sa ecause it can only mov on the nd .
These reasos r why I tnk traveling by train is best .
Helo ulia ,
How are yu ?
What did you do yesterday ?
I nt to th cinem to atc a comedy wi my friends yeterda , but I d n't like it bcuse it was so bing .
I refer ter kis of ilms than comedy , but yesterday the wer n't n goo ims at the cinma .
Wht ind of flms do you le ?
I like thrilers a h action fms because tey r ever boring .
Do ou prefer watching fims at hm or goi to e cinema ?
I prefer to atch ims at e cnea beause there are n't any distrations or oise and he qualiy of films is better .
See you soo .
Erica
ur earth is getting sick as dy go by .
F exapl , ai , water a la pollution .
There ae several efforts th we a make in orer to sav the envronmen .
We should start , lite by lttle , to help it .
First of all , I wnt to emphasize rducing e ue of plastics .
It 's a baic thing and a habit ha we ca start easily on our own .
Plastics e non - biogradable aterals whih dcompoe after 00 years .
on - boderadable lastics coul actually pile up in te landfill and cause t and on r erh to be ocuied .
esdes , it destroys the mrine eosystem in such a w tat te sabids or fi are feeding on plastic .
This cuse their repoductive systems to be destroyd .
Hence , we shoul bring our own recycling bg or basket very time we go shopping and resist he tmptation to et plastic from the sops .
In ddiion , we shold e pulic ranspor or carpool in order to reduce t 2 emissions no e evironent .
If the distance to the destination is sht , we could repace drivin wih waling or cyclin .
at 's te decent wa to reduce the advere environmental impact nd we wil be bl to protect our ath .
Snce GM crop technology started to be implemented it has implied in favourable socioeconmi canges .
Ths tehnique makes weed contro easier , resuting in cos svings n yield ains , leading to increased global production of crops sh as crn , cotto , anola an sybens .
He said kindl,"I bout you a present . Opn it , To " .
m opened the big b . Oh ! hi is a big surprise . There was a football in it wic he had always wantd to uy .
There were some wds : goal ! keep gng ! ee looking ! said is m . Loo !
Thee wa so a cu in it . It said " do n't give up on ur drea , kep going!go!we stand by yo ! cme on "
om loed it . " Tank mom , thanks dad ! " Tda is the bes dy of my li . Thank o ! "
" You deeve them , T ! Yo worked hard ll the time this year "
My name is Ann . I am one of mny new students at To Duv Thang uniersiy .
I 'm nieten years o and frm this city ut liig in a dormory at Ton Duc Thag university .
It s 58 stuents : 18 bs nd 40 girls .
I love on u Thang university so much .
I like he friendl students ad heful eahers .
I enjy reading books , cooking , playing wih my dog and sigig .
As , I love usic . I often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little a .
My faorie singe is Aam Livece .
These days pople care bou privacy and hence a prsnal car ot only proids privacy but lso conenience .
Hen , the ne xury cars e getting cheer a more powerful .
he ce of life has en speeded up , peole do n't have tie to wai fr a taxi or at t bu stop to et tei work done , hey want heir work done in t blink of an e .
So the ed f buses has become unnecessary and our own cars ar sipl time - consuming .
Everyne h a r .
Even ids tat to lan to drive at fften and mo parnts gift ca on eir sixtenth birthday .
We c e the futur of trasportatin by copring the numbers of cs nd buses .
Students have started to use thr o ar rath than the bu .
So I tnk the futr of pubic transportaton is loom .
My favourite sport is criket .
Crcket as been a pat of me since when I wa a id .
Its vey intrestig sport .
Cicket brings a passion in me . Whenever and wherever it 's possible , I fd a way to start the gme .
I lso watc cricket patienly .
t kown as t gentleman 's ge .
Th bes pr of tis gme is batting . heher someone nws ow or t , he irs reers to bat .
Batig has its ow cheis .
So , so I also prefer to bat nd hittng hr rther hn bowl .
It 's a very simple n onderfl spor .
If yu play cricket you ae surely oin to brn man bad caloris in yu bod .
In India , cricket is worshipp a payers ae lrd .
The best par of this ae is you n pa ith eer ge goup at the se time .
I was vr interested in making my career through this , t e to my studies , I ca n't ae an effot toward this gal .
So , if are going to py this sport , do note tha there are ome rles and be ure hat y hve all the safety equipment wi you . Pleae do n't forget to take pleasure in batting irst .
I hope o e oin to play th bst ae on your rt .
Next Monday , I am going to India .
I lve Indi so much .
My friend went her . Sh tlked to me about it so much .
ndian ople make maing foo , but it 's so spicy . Indian people dnc in an amazing way .
India is he sevth bigget countr in the world by area .
In Inda , it rains frm June to September .
It ws my dam to go tre one day .
I am going to visit Delhi and ajmaha .
Hi Paul !
I 'm writing to u to tell you ta I am cmin to yo home next oth . I hope that yo are at hom becaue I need your hl . I wan to b a reent f Mry and I do ot know wat her favourite color is .
ill ou help me ?
Wht is your favourite fod ?
When I ay wit ou I woul like to go to a panish restaurant .
u have been my best friend since 1984 , whn I wa born nar to your house .
No I have lived in adajo for ten years . We moved here to go to e bec very a . I like h beach and the u , especially in suer wn h sn is in the sky .
I lik dancing d ingig t . I 'm very happy iging on the eah , specally if u ar with me .
I hp to ea from you oo .
Regards ,
Kate
es , I think it can also edcae .
As ie go by , technolog is apidly improving .
Mre d or agets ar invented , such as televisions , sartphone and so on .
There a lot of prs if we wth t television properly .
ing wll o nly get entertainment bt also acquire knowledge .
r instace , there are merous rgrams that we cn choose .
It is a good time to trn to h entertaining programs , when we ee bord an ae at h wal a da .
Tevision povides a variety of eductional channels as well .
Discovry channel is posure - oriented model example to educte .
We . We can learn how te diffeent animals fed hemselves .
Above The abov statements n ensure a rich a abundant fe .
I think in 50 years many things will chne . We will learn in ou hos .
We wo n't hav schools .
We wi do homework at home n send it to the teachers .
Te will orrect ur task and snd tem to us again .
I thk that we will orde all we need on the internet .
Thee wo n't be suprmarkts .
There wo n't be a post ofie ecause we wl be able to sed anything a t Intent . l jobs wl be on te Internet .
Eve person wil have a ple .
We will go to n place by lae .
We ll have a obot evant .
The will serve us nstea of human servants .
ere wl not be n poor people in the streets .
We wi ive happily .
I ope hat in the future we will live eacefully n happily .
Hi , I am my . I would lk to end two months stuing in England , two months doing volunteering in a chidren 's charity ad the last wo mohs travelling in the UK . What do yo think of my pla ? I wil o oly mproe my English skills but also devo myself to eting along wth cildren .
Mt importat of l , I will have an advntre in an unknown place in e UK . I am looking frard to seing you sn .
I wud like to invite o to join the od tip with me . it will be an amazing experience if we r together for hi trip .
If you ca go with me , jst let me knw .
You fiend Amy
My favourite sot is running .
I usually n in t morning , hen my roommates are sill sleeping . I t up nd run in the playground .
I enjoy running , res air , wam sun and slight wd .
When I am ruing , all the pressu I felt is gone .
I am illd wit hope .
I started running because I suffered rm neck pain ad my lef leg s not comfortable hen I a all y .
Furthermore , I waned to reduce my eight as well .
I bught shoes , clothes an a GPS watch . I told myelf : w it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The frst y was so painfl . I was tir to die when I only rn nearly 3 km , but things became betr and better , nd now I can r 10 km .
If y want to tat runig , first , y need comfortable shoes an lothes , and secondly , to make a pln , like how long should I rn toy . emmber , ppopriate rest is necessary .
Do n't set a al tht ou ca n't achive , or you will loe yor confidence soon .
h st importat tin is yor willpower .
First I will ask a questn of ou . If this was your own hue , wch you bought for a lo of money wod you break it fo no reason ?
Of course th answe is no ! Everyne ows hat " Earth is ou hom . " It is bigger hn a hos .
We ha arth first , then peope , han our oue .
Earth is our home , we all have to prtct it .
But now peopl e destroying it .
Jus r mey or more hoses , t if we destroy it , we wil all e . Our money will be gone , ou house will be gone , we wil have nothing .
Besie , some people estoy farmland to uil hose , but if one y there is no farmad , hn at should we eat ? Nothing at tht time . We cud n't e anthin!So hat should we do ?
he forest rings us fresh air , but if there are no tre , what will happen ?
If we ca n't breathe , we ill die , to !
So my idea is tha all th countries and ll e people tp sng farmland , forests a wetland to buld uses , go ore trees , proec our wrld , our he str !
he lecturer dsarees wih th pragraph suggestig that t mentioned test developed by Alan Turn dos not nswr the main quesio : Can a omputer tink ?
First , th lecturer talks out " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to pove ta Turg 's test a not conclsive , d at he creatd a paradox .
He selected people to go into a Chinese roo . There was a computr in h Chinese language with diferent symbols . The Americn showed iffeent behavior . They did not understand ht ws on t copute screen .
This was diffren to the original test entione in te text , wher l the participants were meican n native speakers of tht languae . It was really easy to undestand what wa on th computer screen .
Scon , the text support ta h computers were ealuaed by the same pople that submitted the st .
Not eeryoe can buy a cr .
For many , her e ther imprtant expenses ta need to be covred .
F exmple , for young eole in llege , hei sudes are more impotnt , as wl as books , seminars , taveling , t .
Nowada , public transort as beme a vry important a to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend on e other side of the city .
I agree , for my people , ravlling by ca is much more onvenient . However , in my opnion , there is stll a long futur for puli transor .
ea nnie
I am hppy to hear from you .
You plan sonds great ad I will be pleased to spn a fw days ih you nd you family .
My grandmoter is going to vit me in July , so I would peer to se o in Augus .
My younger sister was to go to h beach , so if she is o a rblem , she cud oe ih us .
Or se an sa at hme .
I tnk it is more un to stay tgethe in your partment . We oul tl horor stories to eac the at night , bfre slping .
Myb my sist could leep in he studio .
I raly li spendng me on t each , but there is a lo of time , so we could go to th swimming poo if your parents ay ys .
Also , we uld go to the a to rink sme juice or go to at an ice - cream .
Do n't forget to rie soon .
Scnce , I just remember I hve lwys liked motor racing , bu on of my favurites is ormla 1 .
I like crs , a I ie hih speed , hat is why I loe ormula 1 races .
h Fomula 1 season starts in arl spring and ends in ae autun .
I ty to wath eery race eery fortnight nd the traiing the ay before he ce .
I lke iki ikonen so ch . He is a Ferrari team driver .
icki is nt the ftest drive on the trak , but he driv very safy .
Ferrari make one of t fstest ca in the wrld , but this season ty ar n so fat on h ormula 1 track as they we in the past .
If smene likes as , the hy should go to Formula 1 races to her h bolid engine sund . I thn at is the st sund I have ve hard in my life .
Formua 1 is lso a dangerous spor . The drives are exposed to t risk of accidents at high sped .
I wish god luck to all Formla 1 drivers !
Mchael is n of h most importa economiss in t wrl . He has written a lot of books about t econy and inance in he USA ad Europ .
He decided to wri a sot essay about capital aket abs , so he considerd travelling to Italy d pickin up some inancal data fr the Italian centr ank .
The y idea of this essay was the following : Itly in th tie of Brlsconi almost went bankrupt , but Mhael is trying to prevent the Ialian economy codition imly becae he lks Berlusconi o muc .
He received a lot of criticism simply bcase many economists and conoetricians in the orld do n trust the soure that he se in h eay . Moreover , the tought tt he received money ro the Itaia govenmen .
Two years ter is essay ws relesed , he would understand tt his esay was wong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his ess , so , Mihae now es home , takes a cup of tea , ad goes to bed . Thus , Michael cloed the oor a new at tt mmnt he ha me a mstake .
O dy , a man and h ife wer tryig to fi a plc that was shallow and wihou pollution to cultivate . They ee po ; hy did n't have te necessary resorces , bt the husband worked so hard because hi ife had had an accident . It happened one dy tht his wife was wrking on a campaign r h conservation of endangered nmals . She en to a place in each of animals . She hed a sound in a dark pce in the ungle , so she et to invetigate wat that a . A creature tat ha nev en en attack her . e partner only hrd a shout a th found uy , te fe of h an , on the floor . The askd r if h wa OK , bt h did n't answer , so r partner took her to e doctor . There , he doctor said ht she was OK but she woud never er aain unls h paid 1 , 00 dollars for an operation .
h man s alread saed 500 ollrs , bu it is not enough .
e ay , te so of Lc d her husband went to carv hoe in e dirt to make a ame , he ad five hls d in e last e he fod a brilian jewe that a belonged to generations of gds . So he sarted throwing tt for fun . ne ime tha he took he jewel , it consued the mnd of the lite uy a that me the jewel eit some souns that only giants could hear , so a mounti stod up that was e face of a giant d he prceived negative vibes , so he kille he gu becuse he had te mos important relic of the gods .
It is very ay to sen hours being entertined by television .
Hoeve , it is ore difficut to be educated .
It depends w t presenter delivers te topic .
I have leaed a o fom television .
There are xcelent examples of go ality teleision on the B .
What 's mor , ther r countries rond the world that lack eachers to go to emte areas to teac that rel on television to teach .
Mistake ! !
Oh no ! !
How could I ae ts mistake ! !
These were my first feelins whe I made e mistake .
Like everyone , I s a normal person lering & improving y by day , itle by litl , fm mistakes .
I am writing to suggest a e thgs that or colee can do or the environment .
Frstly , ow can he collg sa energy ?
In order to reduc enegy consumption , we shold arrange tings so tha , as much as possile , lectures take pae in the daytime .
his woud reuce energy needed fr light sourcs .
econly , wha sort of things can we recycle in the coleg ?
It would be a good idea to recycle paper , las , mtal and plastic .
In orer to improve the sorig , thr should be litter bis for eac of he entined materials in classrooms , corridors a outid .
Furthermore , the students d tutors hould be encouraged to s ublic tranport , cylig or waking .
Finally , all the studts should be taught aout t environment .
I op you find the answers to your question in my lett .
Yors sicerly
Zivile Jureviciute
Seoul , in Kre , h mn plces to visit .
I il describe some good places to isi .
Fitly , for people o prer yoth culture , I reommen Hogda .
Hongdae is ost appropriate to fe a fre and vibrant loal area in Sou .
There re a l of clb , pubs and bars , cfes , nd karaoke , bas a it has mr aciities wch yo il be ae to eny .
Hongae has many knds of places like his , b y will be concerd aot druk people late at nght .
Late at niht in Hongdae , ots of people drink wh teir friends an walk around the streets in a drunken coniton .
So y need to be creul of thse kinds of people .
And then , lt me tell you about another place , ' Duk Palae '
. Y an exeience 9t cetury Krean mprial achitecture and Krean traditional cstms .
This as the palc of he Cosun imperial queen .
The palae is in th iddle of the city , so you can feel h different mood betwee e th century nd today .
d also , there is a git shop and a cafe .
I oe o enoy your trip to eou ti you le our country .
Thk you o reading .
MATHIAS :
Hello , how ar you ?
Hv you ever en mountan limbing ? Ta is ncreible d amazing . Do o lik your schoo ? yor city ?
My school is ine and I lk my country beter than yours ; ur eas r betr thn yours . England are te worst at football , Argentina les .
Eglnd doe n't have anything . You ar t worst and mst orrible country in th universe .
Goodbye
In conclusion , before I red the articl I had neve relied the importance of using drama in an English class .
For sure , I will apply thse trategies in my professioal life , bcuse drama give sudnts th opportunity of not just learning smething in t clasroom . or ta that , it is the oportunty to se their knowledge in educational nd social life .
Wt referenc to e ecent advertisement about ' A AM SUMMER ' , I wold like to xpres my interet in h position in the camp .
I am a hardworkng person an a fu gi .
I kn how to cook delicios eal .
I ha lvd for two ear in England and I spek English .
Recently , I worked babysitting for one year at a schol .
I fet very happy with thi jo .
I le doing activities wh hem and I feed he .
I thnk I am a suitable candidate for thi jb , becaue I lik children and I have expeienc of babysitting . ls , I work vey el at making fod .
I will wait a for phe call fo you to discuss h possibility of arrangig an itervew .
Th Wheel .
I choose the whel beuse it is the mot useful invention ever because , haks to it , human work is made easier , fo example a way to move avy objet , compared to some of the fany gadgts tat we he today . The wheel was invented at a relatily lat oint in human histor ; the ldest knwn wheel fud in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
In China , the weel was certainly pesent in 20 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeld vehicles , 000 BC .
The eel was found in a settlement uilt on stilts over wtlan , indcatng tha the setlement ad sme sor of link to d land .
( Take from htp://w.ancient-origins.ne/ancient-technology/revolutionry-invention-whel-0017 )
I would like to visit Germany .
Y mgh thin , ' y is that ? '
It 's very simp .
In choo , I tuy German and I le e language .
I think it is a stog language , aybe a t hard to isen to , b beautiful in the end .
My teache told me me ting about the country .
Added to wha I know , that makes it atractive .
To thi , we have to add t food an drink ( who dos n't tin thi ? ) .
Apart fm srage cases , who does n't an to try the authenc German beer , or t Frankfurter sausages in he place her hy were invented ?
And the topic I like the most ?
The History .
From Teutonic mythology to Hilr and the econd a orl .
It 's an azing history with lots of eroes and cries .
u c thin what you like , b I think tha is h best part of Germany .
Family plays an important ole in our lives .
Famly ar e people tha will never leave you alone . Ty give you love and happiness . They make ou day ! Th are our bst friends as el as o faiy .
First of all , friends re imortat f us . We want a ried that we n sha our secrets nd poblems .
t friends m go away in the future or ut yo ! So you ca n't always rel on tm ! For example , they ee you unti the ind someone better than you d , in e end , they go way .
But faily nver let you go and family never go away fro you !
Howeve , t fmily is near o from the day ou were rn until forever .
Te members follow you , an yu can re on them . u cn tll whatve y want to them .
For exampe , if yu are in a bad mood , he fit person at il come to o to make you smile is your m or dd .
Mom and dad snd their lfe raing teir childen , fedng the , loving thm !
In cnclusion , memers of you amil ply an mportant oe in your ife !
In reent years , e ublic trnsort system hs been improve .
In the last editon of Pur Plus , thee s an important discussion about he xt plan for cities .
It was presente by a politicin , an economist d w nvironmentalists .
They were talkng abo the problems wit he ublic trasport sstem nd t resls of ne habits in ths sector .
These eople , those who live in a cty , do no tk their n car or do not have one .
This is a new age in whi we live .
So , ther will be prolems bcuse of these abits .
his makes me wonder wethr there is a future for e ld public trasort system or whether we should reat a new ystm .
One argument , is tt mre and more people live in cities .
There are going to be soe problems .
ne of these is traffic ms .
Everyody on a car and nobod ents a car .
The cr sharing syste is n't comon .
So there wll be mre trafc jams if we do ot change ou hbits .
The resut will be the pllution of he environmt .
So we need a e system .
There shud be a b on ar .
So , we wil stop trafc am and as a cnsquence th environmental problems .
But now we need more buses or nother ster public transport syse .
Bt we should ot forg , ht these options do not alloy the eviroment .
Introduction
Have you drunk under the lgal drinking age in hs pat month ?
If ye , en ou are oe of 8.7 bilion ho have also dunk undr the legal drinking ge . ou a think th drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it ca .
Teens shoul ot ink ude the legal drinking age because ty could e into roule with the w , they could cause harm to hemselves and others n uld have a higher rs of alcohol dependency later in their lies .
transprt in Sda is so expensive . We suffr rm the less and expensiv transport here .
her a man kinds of transport , suc as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
This is an interting question beaue I blieve tht my family re my bes friends , bu at the ame time , they are t my friends .
My family are my best frien because they really take cae of me we I need them to .
They look aft me n hep me wen I am in trouble .
This is important , because it is important to have omebod to ry on .
u my famil are o my est friends , ecuse ou choe your rends , but you do ot choose yur fmily .
After al , aily ad frieds r imprtat .
The w mps show the changes which ook lace in he tw of Shipsouth between 1995 and 010 .
Generally , it can be een hat the ity ecame me modrn in 20 than it had een before .
Fis of a , in 1995 , Shipsmouth wa a green esidetial cy with two forests .
Te two gen are in the rth - west and sou - east corners had ben replce by apartment blocs and an airort .
No one cn deny o vey important sort is to our healh .
My favourite spt is squah .
I started tis sprt wen I was 10 yeas old . her My aher was alo playig th sport , but he stare it when he was oder than me . He was about 30 yeas old . where Squash is ne of those ames that can be played at any age . I ov this ga because I fnd it ercises th hol body at th me time . We run in a small spe , moving our hands in stretched n diferen wys , and at te same tim we work ur mnds , so it needs care an uck hinking , as much any as exercise u will find dn th road .
I think that anyo wo wants to str a doing spo should ply qush , hch gies a you flexible a ealty bdy . At te sme tme , his spt a be plaed for a long period of te withou caring about ag .
Squash can ls be pyed individually , as two players together , or in a tea of 4 players . squash is ne of te very nice attactive sports .
SWIMMNG . H BEST SPORT IN HE WORLD
I have practised swiing for 3 years . I am a good swimmer a I have ompeted in diferent swimming tournaments .
Swmming is my favorite sport bcause , thoug his sprt , I train my whole body . It is vry relaxing ad is h st sport in the wrld .
My favorie swimmer is Mical Phelp because he was he bet swimmr in the world , and I op that he returns to the Olympic gams in Rio de Janeiro in 20 .
I nee to prtise to be te best swimmer in te world like icael Phel .
My favorite style is e butterfly ad I always practise his tye eause I wan to imroe .
I want to compt in t Uied Staes in the os important tournament . T best swimmer in h world participate in this compeition .
Some swimmes ar Michael Phelps , Ryan Lohe , Peter Van de Hogenband and others .
Nowadas , it is easier to us the car instead of pblic tanspot .
Althuh publi ransprt is cheap ad re environmentally fiendly , it is not as lexile or comfotabe as the cr .
Except f in the bg citi , pubic transprt is ot an ey way to e around h city . Tha means tha in te future ee more eole ill sto using it .
In the diagrams belo , th manuacturin procss of bank not is sow cearly .
In he first sep , h bank notes ha to be designed considerig some , lik background coor , artwork and security issus . After t dein has ben prepared , silled machinists prepare meta pates in te second te .
hn , sheets of bank otes ar printed 50 bank notes per sheet , wih have colour mags on both sides in spcia ik .
Aer printin well , these sheets are losely mually inspected .
It is the most imorant step durig the whle prcessing .
And then , som sheets and good bank notes from damaged hets which are c into individual bk tes an separated int equl nes d packed and despatched to hre they are neded .
Othr one , which ar bad sheets and bad ank nts , whc are damaged apparently , are destroyed scurel .
Th is the whole working pocess of the bank noes ad it consits of 7 sep .
Sport is on of the best ways to be healthy nd do some exrcise .
Y can play it with ou frinds and have a good tie .
The ost healthy sports are simmin , laying basketball , playing ftball or running , but I prefer to play enis .
My favourite ort is tennis .
I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays nd Saturdays ) in te cl of i .
I have ben playing tenis ine 2 years ago with to of my est friends .
I enjoy laying tenni becuse it is a port that requres skils , coentration d peed .
I am not very good at ll , but I like to play it wit my friens and play matches on Saturys .
For e tennis players , I recomend knowing how to hold the aket , the position to t th all and o to lace your ee .
Thy ill ave to concntrate on the game n enjoy it .
In today 's class , we re disussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football payes .
o me , as a passionate socr payer , it is a good oit to nsider .
I recmmend to te clubs , be warned .
For instance Christiano Ronalo .
Fo him , as one of he t shed pa plyrs of te European league , it is no bi al to buy a Mercedes enz .
He is arrogat .
He does n eed another one , b he likes he colour .
This w of thinng , he also sos during me time .
He does not chs afr th bal , oes ot fght enough to keep it . If he rall neded t mne , he uld behave totally differently .
What influences do thee salaries have on t clubs is qite simpl .
They sel e strip r 20 Euros more pr piec than last season .
By ths ction a Rnaldo or Messie an be pad nd it is possible to y the best team for the leaue , ike Baen Munich is oin at h moment .
But onsidr the reaction of the fa .
For them it is not possible anymore to rule or ther team at ay home game .
he tickets are too exensiv .
Te anger ill bi over somdy .
Ti makes footbal or soccer ever more xclsive to a cetin rup of fans - hooligans .
As a result of hese ctions , it is an uncertain y to go o the clubs .
If it says at a certain levl , no fan ll complain about higher prices .
But if te pice are too high , no one wl visit the games anymore .
Te aim is to find a balace way .
uiness in My Hoe ountr
In my home contry , ther are my differnt kds of bsiness culture nd customs .
For examle , th restaurant usness an the technogy indusry are totly different in Taiwan .
In ti dcad , the Taiwanese have tated to enjoy our lives . So mny peole lie to drink coffee or ve afernoon a .
That is h many businessmen nt to n this cometiton , so th he created so many specal ffers , ike if you go to places , ou ca buy e e one free .
Apparently , the restuant business is creative n markting - orintd in Tawan .
In contrast , ere a two ifferent types of company in the echnolgy indstry .
One is original equiment mnufacturers , like Foxconn . Wrkers in h mpany always eed to do the ae thing and he executives at oxconn also always need to bargan th Apple or Sasung .
Although te produe hih qualit roucts , they receive little money n do high - presue work .
The other on is oginal brand manufacturers , like t . Thy produce a lot of new smartphones and sell them .
Three to ou ears ago , t made so mu money in Europe , Taiwan n Japan .
The compny likes to produce new proucts and uses high salais to ie great talent .
So , htc a become more energetic and od in making innovation .
In Taiwan , man oug people ant to join c .
Fnally , aiwa is stll suffering an econmic lum , but we have so an businesses tht lk to innovate and mket hir roducts , d ustmers like to by tem .
I tink Taiwn wil recove in h near futue .
n evening , it was a blisteringly t day bu I stil had to tend on of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
I w drese in a nic suit to go to tis arty .
Ter were so ay peole talng to ah other .
I i n't ant to cht ih them at first .
Consequently , I ran te alcohol on te tabe , looking for my fren , th bride .
I waed to se ho beautiu te womn was .
As soon as te bre peared in fnt of us , most peope fell silent aruptly .
I glanced at he gom ealously .
How lucky he could marry her .
I ve a gd - loking face , keep fit .
It was ridiculous that I did n't hav a girlfriend .
I pefe havin a nce gorgeous girl living with me to living alone .
Howevr , I stll dd n't ave a girlfriend .
I was ovewhelmed with gref .
I could not stand lookg at he , celebrting .
As a result , I diftd away from h ary , oig home aloe .
oweer , I wa too diz to walk stragt so tat I too a taxi .
I fell asee immediately .
e drier too me to a place he knew .
Whn I wok up , I did n't ko y I was at the polce sttion .
er Ms Asbhy ,
I 'm Patricia Agür . I hae se the advertiseent for wk in your cafe and I 'm ver inteestd , bcause I need work to py or my studes .
Fis , I think tht his job is perfect r me becaue I ae travelled roud the world n I knw a lot of different kinds of food . In fac , on my last ip to apn I leand to ok sush .
In additon , I love daing with people . I 'm very ciable .
Also , I 'm ue to woing long our . As a ater of ct , in the holidays I ve wored in ny restaurants .
I loo frward to receing yr aswe soon .
Best wishes
Patricia
e d , Micael wanted to go out , so he cale s best frien d suggete goig ot together . is find agre , so Michael put on s clothes , went ut and closed the dor , b at tat moment he kn he had ad a mistake .
He had lf he ey inside hi house !
Wha should he do ?
He went to i fahe 's office and got another py of the hue key .
Wen he t bck hm , it was late d the metng as caceled .
It is vy true .
There is no future fr ublic transpor .
u no so ny peole hav a drver 's license .
They av to e publi tranprt .
Pulic transport cn connct people .
You can meet al kinds of people .
It 's a kind of socialzng .
Pulic transport is cheaper than a car .
Hello , my na is Victor and I am going to tlk to you bout myself .
I know that I am a suitable persn for this job , and I an say tat obdy is better han me fr this nredible job , beaus I have travelld l oer the orld and during thi experience , I have seen h necessity of work to fianc my ourey , so then I have edicate myself to workin on sumer amp , and I have a lot of experience of this .
I hve her qualities lke , cookg lke a sue chf or en bettr than that . I am th most organized person in hi ounry , and I ve to work wih childn because it is a y to each veything yo know to othr eole n help them to impov as a person .
I always do exercise . In te morning I ke to un on the bach , in the evenin I li to go to the gym nd at night I lv to sm in my own smming pol .
So , in concusion , I thk that if you cntract me , yo will t an excellent prson ad an excellent worker .
I tink it is ue tht the is no fuure fr blic transport , because traveling by c is so muc more comfortable .
In my opnion , public trnport is more expensie and it is ls comfortable than a car , because a car is fastr an publi transport .
Pblic transor sop mo tim than a ca , wheres a ar gos direct to its destination .
Today , the people ue te a " bh blah car " .
It is an p that people use to save gs and money .
I believe that peole in te futur il begin to travel in hared ars ore ofte and tey will u less publc tansport , like th tri , h bus , the underground , etc .
T roblem that I see with thi , is ta in he future thre il be mor plution , because there will be a lot of cs .
Online Learning
Positiv things abot onine learning re tht you r re mobile wih your smatphoe and you do n't hve to arry so mu paper with you . Als , ou 're on yur w an at your ow larnng pee , which kes it more specific to the uer themself . Maybe y 're more comfrtable on your Smarphon than wih paper .
egatives aou online learning are that u 're not litenng to ch fo a ra person and mre from a Compter . If ou do n't ave any listenig thigs in the pp you do n't earn ho to prnoune the wors . In my personal pinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to rnounce he words corctly , but o als learn from a person , whh is , in my pinio , ay better . I think we spn enough tm on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the be if we u hem to lrn as well .
o words , I ink it 's prfet , bt all he grammar and taling , I hin you need a teacher .
I ov Grey 's Anatoy . Thi is supoed to be a edicl rama , but I am se this show is elovd because of the soap oera rama par .
herefre , I wol like to firly state that Gre 's Anatomy is my faorite soap oper .
Th sow seem fficult , h characters lway ae to fae stuations which are ot asy to solve , bt actically , thi show is a soap opr in a hospita .
I sd to hnk I i n't ke sop operas , becaus tey were boring , out of date a o worth watching , u ts was just prejdice .
My other alo lke this show .
Toda 's television is really ood .
It shws you movi , news n n prouts .
The advertisements re a b ricky bcuse they kno xctly he childrn atch , o exampe , after school .
n te they just show product specially for children .
So , at a special time hre is a pecial advertisement o this age oup .
B it also hows the ne products .
Adverisin is important or the ecomy .
Excp r some good ovis , ty ls show a l of rbbish .
Or sometimes during the a ou see hror mois which shuld not be on .
Wo wants thei cid to ee hat ?
Of course , yu n put a hld lock on e TV , but if yu look hard enough r ome y will find some .
Eve day they show e nes .
So you knw wht is oig on in h world .
I think hey show it fu ties a day .
I wol say if ou knw h and when to use a TV , it is goo , but espeially fr yong ople who think it is gd entertainment to watch e wole day .
Te TV eope kn what to broadcast so that children get adicted to TV .
Atitude to schools in Colombia d Australia .
T atitue of Colombans to the eduaion yste is disappointing in some areas nd optimisti in others .
In the se way , Autralian have a dffernt atttude to eir education system .
Howevr , th ttitude of the Colomian and Austalia people is dffernt in may ways .
In Colombia , soe people hve a hig opinion of education , but there r some others that hv a ver w opini .
This is because in Colombia there re a lo of socio - economic eels , whic make pole have different nd divied attitudes toward education .
Siilaly , ustralians have a ifferent attitude to the education syte .
Th depends on e beliefs and te culture of the pope .
This aitude is based oe on the backgrounds of the pepe raher hn on the system itse .
oda I am vey excited because on Sunday I will go to Banok .
I am going with my oer sister , addy n mommy .
We will ha a od time there .
I will e tokyo , my favorite dessert .
We enjoy it so mc .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is detroyed by bildng houses , which accou fr me debae .
Ma would are at its disadvantags have already outweighd the advantages , a may others disagree th ths view .
Wih th treedous thriving a rowt of both the cnomy d cultural divrsit , the ned is inceasing for resource which are used for building muc - needed ousing and transport netors .
Apparently , it is a oo thing , because it is a ignifiant sybol of the dvelopment of a ountry ; howeer , on te other hand , ding lrge - scale building projects y bring a galaxy of oblems .
In the firs plce , the envirnent is destrod , because the r some trees d flowers before the house is built .
at is wore , the spae ten up by h house is her ome animals ived efor , so tey lost her hmes , ich bece the ouses of people . Nevertheless , the arh does t ny belong to the hum rae .
econly , building mo houses is not so mch because of living by pele , but mo because of th economy , wich is used for building spculatin and h pice of a hose is oo expensive fr e ordinar person .
For example , soe peple w have lots of money livng in Shenzhen ar more money by buying at a low pice and selig at a high price , athoug hey have a house to lve in .
so , it is reportd that Chines investor hav driven up using price in Vancouvr by 12% .
Therefore , no longer on the acs go unheeded , ad h overnments have to deal wi these problems . We suld foid he ac by imposing certan laws .
In a wrd , the government should appeal to peole in ome a , ta we should protect the ath raer an only fcs on personal rofit .
Nowdas pole usually use a ar eey d , atually fo mos of h daily things , desite the fct tha thre is a small amont of people tat trvel on public transport .
Cars mit lare amounts of cabon ioide , so that is he cas of h grey skis of om cities ike Mdrid , Beijing ad New Yk an this has to chng .
sig public tnsport is " healthier " thn using a cr f he envirnment becuse twenty - ree humans can travel on a bus and it is ny o eicle , but it would be wenty ars .
lso , people think that trvlling in cas is astr than on publi tranprt ad I agree ih at , because te bus or he underground is always stopping at the different stations , so in ths wy , th car is beter .
I ll e pbic transport , not always , but moe than he car , lhough yu trave slowe , beaue I ant to save our planet so that the oing generations can live in oo conditions .
My favourite sport
I hve en plying tenis sce I was a teenager an , for that reaso , tennis is my favouite sport .
Te ain reaon why I like layig tenns is becaus I a control h amount of exercise that I a do .
Tennis is n a eam sot .
There e just two players ad if o et tird nd lose a match no one is gog to be rsponsible bu yo .
That 's y you can conrl ou limt .
Besides , you do no need a l of people , as or a football match , o eampl , to play tennis .
Smtimes it is dfficlt to get so many people to practise a team spot .
In contrast , r a tnis math you nd just one , and it ds n't mate if it is a a or a woman .
The exception is in a doubles match .
Even hen , o only have to id three more players in hi case .
t , despite all the dantages , h ennis pyer s to tke care in some dngerous situations .
or exampl , never art a math without a warm up , because o can sufer serios muscular injury .
It happend to me oc and wa very uncomfortable .
Another ey common risk is fallig on the court , hich an cse dangeous scratche .
In spite of te riks , I rcommen tis sport to anyo who is in goo physical condtion .
Bu a good racket , p on a pir of good shos , find smeone to prctis wh and sat to enjoy yourself .
ar Sir or ada
With reference to your vertisement , I would lik to app r the position to wk in AMERICAN SUMMER CPS . I am John from te capital cit of a southern state of India .
I wked in a scondary shool fo about 2 yas , where I gand experience ich would be suible for the current osition .
As I worke in a resaurant itcen as a part - time job , I gaied knowldg of bas cooking metod , and hpe it might be helpfu now .
I believe hat this jb is suitable for me .
Hrwith I eclose my current CV , which u can e in the attachent .
I am interested in wrking a in new wo environment , kindly epl .
Thk u !
You faihfull
oh
Hi my friend !
o ar you ?
Thnk yo very much for your last ette .
It is very nic that y remebr me .
No I want to tell you aout my summer job at a local cinema .
This s a very cool experience for me .
You shoud oe to my cit n il njy it .
All this started in July .
I lked ever d o ome summer wor and I found an excelen option .
I needd moey hich I could spend urng my study emeste .
Te first d a vry nic .
Eerybody wa friendly to me .
They exlained l he procedres .
h econd day was wul .
I did no kow wha as going on .
My clients were very impolite .
I could not cope with h respnsibilities .
Bt my god men told me one iortant sentence .
This job would be boring if every d was nice .
He comforted me .
nd now , I am hpy .
In ok , I am cfident in work . I have money d satisfaction .
I know hat o a ik me .
n I know at b is o y ! Please come ad work wih me !
Best wise your bro Brte !
Dear Paul
st month I helped st a cncert in Timisoara .
I w the b ehnd the curtain , I dal with te sound of th concert due to my xperence with professionl music equipment .
I enounterd small problems durin the concert , bt we fxd hm ey easily thanks to t tem with who I worked .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I lo in front of the sta and see ifferent classes of eopl of different ages , fm e youg to te edery , wh hae fogotten all heir orries and are noying e same concert as if not and be separate .
The experience is unforgettable and I ope that I fe t same on at the next conert .
You frin Pogn
hn they ee togeth , they knew that ths sty a abo to end .
Thy could live with this at .
Peole wre surprised to know his relationship had ee boen fo so long .
The seemed happy to share teir fe .
Nobody ee heard ay arguing .
They were always so friendly , and so kin ... that it ws strange to imaine that ning . ut tht ws the sad reality .
They a to decie ho ter cat would ty ith .
Ty e with the awer .
Thy presented arguments to g e custody and the lawyer listened to them vry carefully to decide hey cud o have e cat .
The ct had to go to the animal home d he ha to pay the expenses .
The meeting ended .
ichael close e dor ad knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Michael me a vey ad mistake ....
It wa te worst mitae hat he hd ade in ll h lfe ....
His mom would kill him !
ut first , I will tell o e hole story rom he beinning .
Michael s a ey intelligent o .
He w the et student in h class .
The y h a mother .
Mia was he name .
She ways old Michae to never disrespect hen peoe r at h door nd always be polite .
Mia coud n't accept it hen smeone behaved badl .
And Micael sd every time tha he would never do that .
B , one y , M thought that she cul onduct a test .
e would gt drese up as an od woman .
So s said to Michael tht sh oud go hopping and s would return on .
The he p on he diguise as an d woman and made er w home .
Geting there , sh kocke on the door .... Michael opened t dor d ia ased if he a a cu of water to give him nd he said no wa would he give a cu of water to an o prson .
At that momt , Mia ok off her disguise and Michael said :
G !
his is he wort mistake I ave made in all my li !
e building s nitialy planned as t Federal Legislative Plac during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , becae society was oerned d suprted by th presient .
In aer times , ciety felt the ned for change ecaue of iniquities that were committed in h contry and the Mexican Revolutio explotes , e building w abandoned becaus te government an country did n't hae mny for construction , to the int ta te building 's metal structure as usd for weapons .
After th revolution , construction will be used to represet he success of th revolutio .
Almost evr famil s a car now .
ey e thse ars to travel , for hoppin , to drive to ork .
It is so much more conveien .
On in the big city , peoe se public transport to o be in tafic .
My mother and my father had a fight th each ther . he wanted to not be togther .
They even asked me o I wanted to go wh . They grabbd my hands , wntd me to go with tm , t I had no idea , because I love my mother d my father so much .
I wanted us to be le to iv together forever . They took care of me , loved me , we livd in the same house , we had a happy mily .
I thought these things .
Finally , I cied , bcause I culd n't make a chice . My father a my mther saw me ying a decided not to keep goin , and they said sorry to eah oter an me .
Hi Peter !
o are you ?
I 'm hppy o yo !
I agree wih your parents , ayb o could pend yu money on something u really need ad mabe you n buy compute games with the moy you have left , or maybe yo cou put aside he money to buy something really important to you .
If I wre you , I would at to spnd the money .
e me kow ht yo ecid .
Se you sn .
When I was a university stdent , I wanted to si well bu I ould n't swim , because I i n't ave to wi in my lfe .
So I decided to learn to swim r e summer acatio .
Firs , I registered at a swmmng poo , tn I went ba to he wimming po every day early in t moning .
After 6 mots , I could wi well utl now .
so I satisfie my ambiion 13 year a .
Nowadays , I usually go back to the swiming po at the eekend .
Sometimes I g id of my stress .
I tin swimmig is the bet sor in my lf because you can use or you whole bdy .
So you can lse eight n gain muscles .
Some of my rieds did n't want to shown their body to anyone , becaue a lo of student do n't do exercise .
We do n't have enug time today ,
but I awas y to my fried " If you want to have a fit body , o should register at a wimmin pol .
" So many friens larned to si .
Dea Dna ,
ank you for snding th AA Rprt to us .
The report ws discusd at u meetin , nd we wish to congratulate you on omleting ths adt and providing he details and evidence on impoving the outomes from studens ' results this ya .
O stragh servation as e low numr of stdets ha hve taken he mah course .
We wodered if som wk needs to be de to incase th student ttendance on the ath corse .
The diagram ges iformaion about various stages in t process of maing ba nots .
It is ru that here ar five stgs in the whole ocess . We n see that the processes bein wit design and n at pkaging and distribution .
Looking at h formation in more deail .
Initally , bank notes should be considered in terms of te deign uch as bacround colour , artwork , d ecurit issues . Then , the preartion of metal plates is th net sag . note hould be skilled machinss . Thereafter , the ext stge is printing . wrkr should pay attenton to clor on oh sis , special ink , nd lightly raised imae .
Subsequenly , t nex ste is te most impotant . h ba notes ould be inected . The nk notes are separated nt go n bad . If hey e go quality sheet , the nex stge is packaig an distribution . At this sge , heets should be cut into separate bk ots , acked , ad dispatched . If hy ge bad sheets , the next stage is dposal . The b seets and bn notes are securely destroyed .
The iagrams shw ho to ma bank ntes . There are for sep to making bn notes .
Fir , the bn ote are designed by considerng backgrond clou , artwork , and security issues .
Then , the metal plats are prepared by silled mahinists .
nd then , the sheets are prine . Oeratrs hve to a attention to te color on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Tird , th is the most important step : pinted sheets are manually inspected , and these sheet e classified ino three cateores .
The first is clld good qualiy sheets . They il be packed and dispatched .
he et is called partially damaged hets , and an notes ar seprated into good ad bad . Good sets will be cut into eprate ba noes and packed ; t ad ones wil be dstroyd by fire .
Th tird category is calld bad sheets . Tey will be scuely destroed .
This is he mehd of making bak notes , and the operato should p aention to he printed sheets and how to nspect them .
hese icture sow us what detailed tps re taken by te bank to produce per money into th applicton .
Before the productin , tey have to think about te desg , ncluing bacgrond clor , atork d codes which mak them different from h ilegal ones , then ut them ino the printing machines to creat tm .
h most important sp is the inspecion by hand . at is to say , th should be sparate to good ones , wic ae to be cut into ba notes and delivred to h anks , ad e bad nes , wic ca n't be utilised ad e urnt seurel in h lst stage .
In a wod , h process of makig money for bank is ey creatve and seriou , even rgid .
I now that we ca post nthing that we want but nt like is .
Wke up world .
oo at yurseves .
Raise yo nose rom your phone , nd lok at a hes ice things that ie is giving us .
Rea a ok or play footbl if that is ha you like .
We re rchtects of ou n destruction .
We hae to live our lives .
You ca n't live only on Facebook .
OL !
O OY LIVE ONCE !
I hik public traspor is n't lost .
For xample , I do n't ve a car , so I uually use a train to get to my schoo .
I think tht is enough .
If I go travelling I think a cr is vey useful , u driving a long disance is vey trig .
Consequently , you ca n't enjoy travelling .
Children ca n't get a drive 's lcese , so chidre e public transport .
Of course , if people do n't have a diver 's license , they ca n't riv a car .
Terefoe , I tink we nd publi tansort .
I ink tt members of our family ca n't be our bt friends , beaus maybe we do n hav the sae tust that we have in ou friends .
For exampe , myb u hae a personal situation ht is very mportant to ou , but you do t wat or family to know about it , so y decide to tl your best ried , beaue you kn he wo n't tell anybdy .
I think it dends on e situation . On the oer nd , your sister or boter , can be one of your es riends . Yu can tell them important things , t sk hem t to tll your parns .
I 'm suying Business Administation , I thin my major is so bus .
u lo , when I 'm working on a project which ivolves bsines , I el rewarded .
Acully , I realize tht busiess is not for te major , everybody knows Te is vr demanding and if y want to be here , you mus work hard .
I dream of being a Business Aministrtor when I 'm old . First , I wan to wok for a sports company like UA and hn I ma have a litle variety on wrk .
Finay , I ho to ha my own business .
Family membrs are h people who will accompany us throughout u whole lives .
Compred to our classmates or co - workers , e members of our fmiy kn us et .
hy know wat or habits r , wat we thk but a what we lk to e .
Fmil memes e th mt important a best riend in u ives .
First of a , fmly members ae hoe wo ll ee in touch foever , so ey kw ur habits bes .
Moreover , hey know ow to nterct wih us . They can make yu hapy , cheer you up nd alys support you he you are in trouble .
ecndly , faily members lwas kno what we are hinkin about .
Families understand or mins so muc . However , ur classmates or clleages ca n't achieve hat ecuse th do n't say th us all the ti .
Oly fail members an kno us best becau ty liv wih us from when we come into this world .
nally , amil membes il alwas prepe the food you like to a .
hey alway give y wt yu lke to eat .
In additio , they alwys supply us wth a o of food so that we wo n't be hungry .
Besids , eting th our famils is one of h appiet this in our ives .
In conclusion , only family mmbes know wh we r most deeply .
ls , family mebers are te people at we will alwys wan to sa in cnact with forever .
o the reasons above , we can say that h mmber of o amly are our best friends !
ennis . Teis is o just a sort anye c ply , but it 's a professional spot ad it needs mre hard training ad more ime to be perfect at it . Fit , why di I hoos enni ? Seriously , in 203 it as my firt tme watching te ame on TV wh I sw Rogr Federer ply . I hik he is h oe that made me lve hs sport , due to is profssiona movement we payng the ball . rom tat time , I ws inerested in th game a watching al the chmpionships , so or tie , time an time it is my favouite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is o eay and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of tm to be n of the greatest players of he game .
MY BEST FREND
I me my best fred , Aisha , at a muual riend 's party i years go , when we were 25 .
While I wa acing , she pued my by accident , se did n't notice it , so I hoght she was an rrogant peson at fist .
But , when or muul fend introducd her to me , I realized that she as a nice , nny person .
Aisa is a funn girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to ae un .
er partis r always he st .
e loes dancing and she is real a pry animal .
She is also a good listeer . She always kows what to say in a bd moment nd she is lwas here whe a fied is in trubl .
Aiha is in r thirtis .
h 's from Morocco , so she has Arabian featres . For example , she is n't ve tall , around 1,57 metres , sh has long dark av har an ig black expressi eyes .
S is tanned and has a si bil .
Dar Eior ,
I have js ead tha you nee rview of op pers .
I hav a favoute so pera .
It is ' Beverly ils 020 ' .
I ov this soap opea , because it shows teenagers ' lives .
A I like seeing wht thy look like .
I ik thir style d ive .
he study at school , thy av poblems wth ac oher , they fall in love , have parties .
Most of all , I like Brenda , because s is a smart , beutiful person .
And she war the best clothes ver !
I woul like to be lik e .
I thin tht a ot of peole can learn ow to live , hat to thnk , eat , wear rom this sap opa .
My bes frien is my sister .
Although I ve 5 members in my amiy , ut one of thoe 5 is my re friend .
S has done a ot r me in my life .
.
In my opinion , th is not a logical statemnt wih jibes wih he act .
ist of all , although tralling by car s ecme more convnient , th grong population means personal vhicles are hard to mnage .
e traffic jams beme mo and more seriu .
Cite suh as Beijing , a etropolis in Cia , fae te salient bad trafi . As such , the government had to encourage ciizns to go to work by public transport such as bus nd subway .
Apparently , this measure s made a grt contribion to the raffc in Beiji .
So , plic transport pys an imprtnt rle in our daiy life . It s indispensable effects on society .
Craiova
Introdcion
Te im of this repr is to inform he committee abut the attractions of this town .
The report is based on the pinios and ranking of ople and ritis tha have visited these places .
wn cener
In h town center hre re the mst atactions as wll as ne of t best ba in e eion ; " the Albastirca " .
ay visitors oe to it but there ar ore attrctions than ust one a .
There is a giant par hic mybe h viitrs wul be deligted to isit as it has imals , a funfai d a lake .
Pluses
Another good thing about the town is that it is n't lacking in shopping failities .
It h a big mall that has reently bn opened , and it contains everyhing he visitors migh ne .
On t other ha , th ma lacks a cinema or som restaurants as it ha recently been oped .
Conclusions
To m up , I strongly suggest ht vsiors ta as long as posibe in this town as it a almost everything that a a ees .
Sm eole ay there is no future fo public transportation , bu I do n't think so .
People who beliv it do n't care abut air pollution a traffic .
Lma is a smal cty wher there is no more spa for anter car .
Moreove , it is moe appropriate to sta constuctig oads wch are cnvenint for te majoity .
First my favorite sport is football and I le it or mn rsons . For example , hie you e wtching a mtch , you ee excited and enertaied . sides tht , footall a the best football ayer ver , wih is Leo Mes . He 's the best and he 's ale to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning , a group of American tourists went fo a bik ride through the cenr of Bueos Aires Ciy .
One of them a intecpted by a man on a motorcycle . He seemed to be 28 years ol .
Te ma , o was armed , tre to steal a backpac .
But he nt be fied hat the man had a cmer on his had a i acon s filmed .
He was furious ecase t Amican id n't unerstad wha he said .
The tourist as surprised to se a gun . e ober forced t ma onto the treet and then te touist t to run .
He was ry lucky because t gnma returned to pick up h motorbike and keep his gun .
The n a to here s friends were and sogh a police officer .
They ond a police officer na it a made a complaint . The group continued the bike re and reurne to the hotel otaly terrified .
After t days and with e hel of he iming , te unman as captued and brght to justice .
The he was arresd n charged th h robbry befo a magistrate , and is waiting for his sentenc .
T tourists return to thei country very sare .
H shuld I sat ? Shoud I start by seakin about myself or bout my countr or about my family or about my life ?
It is hard fo an estern girl to do wt he likes because of her society 's traditos and ustom .
e 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old irl who grauated fro e fauly of engneerng and wants to trel to Germany to compete my studies , but I am ot bl to do this becue my famil will t allow me to tavel aloe .
I am tryi to change my fmily 's opinion so that I can trvel .
Colege is the only pae where I feel I am secial . ha is w I aways le to be there .
H we treat h earth hs a diect impact on ourselves .
Toa , because of e progress of ndustry , we hv cause so any environment problems that d n't arise bfore .
For example , lak of clean water , srtage of electricity , climate chang , natural resource epetion , etc .
he probles we n't very signifcan so we overlooked them , u no they have beoe serious threat tha we ca n't ignore .
Ho n we solve these problems ?
Just change your daily abits .
Ter ae so many questions .
Wh are we ?
at do we do ?
Why do we mke miakes ?
There is no clea answer but the ur thing is we are humas .
As a nature of human , we will make misakes .
u we should n't make the am mitakes .
If you ae wrong , I wi correct you ad if I am wron , ease corct me .
Ayay , we wll make mistakes if we do t new chllenes and n ask .
We hve to fix it l agin .
ntroducion :
he aim of tis report , is to shw ow my twn takes care of he enironmnt .
Hosehold rubbsh :
The myo , in collaboraton with Lipor , distributed leaflets wi information on " w to eal wi household rubbish " . ach leaft xplins how to seprate t hoseold rubbsh .
Instead of putting the rubbish in oe trashcan , h fmilies should separate it nt three different groups - paper , glass an plastics - and u it to the correct eco poit .
The compa resonible fr rubbish collection collets the garbage , already separtd by the families , a afterwards does the recycling .
w te town treats the environen :
The City Hal is ey oncrned bou kepin he area cen .
As wll as the informative sessios about the envinment oganized by the Mayor fo all of the residents , it also ha ot of staff that ean the streets , take care of te city garen n collect t garbage .
Eco - friendly :
In oncusion , I wuld like to ay ht the ct where I live kees te city lea and attractive , or people ha ive there a f those who ist the ct .
I do believe tht the members of my family a my bs iends for many reasons . irs of l , we h e se educion as we grew up together , so we know each her .
If I suffer fom any poblem , he irs tp I tak is I tr to go bk to my vely sister because , deep inside , I ko e is the only family member tha an hl me .
Secondly , if I need one , I will go back to my brother or sister . I s them to lend me som oney .
I think public transport has good prospects for the future for e following resns .
Frt , the trend of environmentall friendliness hs rown since t shortage awareness of ful , taking public ransport can decrease the air pollution creted by cs , d more overnment have built pubi transport systems , including subways , bus etc .
Transport in e cty is n't inconvenient as it s ears ag .
Te ther reaso is , tavlling by car is n't convenient if o go to the faous resrts . Most famous esorts la parking lots , travelers a spend hor tryin to pk .
In conrast , people ho take pubc transport can ejoy the jorney more beuse hey do n't wast enery on driing .
To summarize , becue the development of ublc transport is more ad more complete , th advantag of travelling by r have been reaced gradually by public tranport . The future of public transport is bright .
My favourite prt is ootbal .
It ves me a o of positive energ a f .
I ha lyed or 12 years .
I am not a pofessioal player .
I ply just fo myself .
Somemes , if I would like to play footll but it 's rainin , I can tch football on teleisin .
If I play fooball with my es friends , I am a goalkeper .
In football , my avurite positin is goalkeeper .
It is rally ha to give some advice .
We have to be very patint .
I hve only n piece of advice .
If you practise yo will achieve skls .
In Somalia , pole usuay row t rubish and garbage everywhre , and there is no a cycl whch is intened to keep it .
e city council are dealing ith how he a kep e city clean , and each nd vry morng her re employees whose job is to collect rubbish n ep h environment clean .
My of the main ras of ogdishu e getting more attractive by the y nd he pepl ha begun to make their cit clean .
wimmng is my favorite spor , I usually swim 2 or 3 times a week . Swmmin is a good sport , especially in summer .
Studies say e col water will col he bod temperature down d tha means it will burn te body t faster than e oter sports .
The other avantag of simmig is the fact hat there is less impact on th knes .
Swimming will be a good exercise for peope who are n ae to jo or vn walk .
By h way , some people do n't li to swim because ty have ificulty finding a swimig pol . I hink tha is jt an excuse to be az . Te Internet ill help you to find ne . Let 's go swimming .
FOOBALL - MY FAVORITE SRT
Nowadays , there ae ma choices for spending our fre time , suc as going soppin , traveling , listening to musi , readin , etc ..
ut f me , I choose playing port in my free ime .
Football - the mot popular sport in the wrl , is well - nown as " King Sprt " .
There are to tams ad ec team has he same number of plaer : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximm 11 .
The ojctive of te game is to score by kcing the ball nto the opposing goal .
Actully , I began to ly footall when I was 10 years ol .
I have been playng football in my re time until now .
There e any rasons why I eno fotbal .
My first reason : footall aks us stay in sape d aoid so diseases .
A secod resn : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
I ave relationships with people ho play football it me .
They t ly help me in every match , bu also sha eerythin with me in daily life .
A fna reason : foobal makes us enjoy ur life an improves t quality of life so fa aftr working hours .
Eating a balanced dt is ery important for verone , especially for pregnant women , chldren ad ol eople as her bodies need more nutrition than youger people .
Although a balanced det ll offer energy and vitality , that 's n all . Exercising is important oo , in addition to a balanced diet .
My aourite sport is fooball . I lo it so mch . Wn I was young , I ud to watch footbal and my favorite em is arceona . I ed to play wh my friends in te sreet and we were so hpp dong at , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real fotball . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so mc . He is he best player in the world . A few people have old me tat Messi is the best plyr , bu I ee ngry when I hear that , becaue th is o true . So I am loong forward to meeting my favourite playr o dy . It 's le a deam for me .
I thin alcohol is the ms dngrous addictive ubstance in t world .
Becuse mny eole have dd becus of thi , ad it 's really ar to sop this addiction , vn if the prsn want to stop it .
My favrite sot is swimming .
I swi twice p week .
Sometims I go to the swimming pool in the se ra here I wo ad sometimes I go to my cusn 's swimming pool .
I noy it when I spend time in te water and now tat I am pregnat I am afraid when I swim with a grup of peop . I keep ellig them a screamng do o com cle to me ! ! !
hhhh Sometimes it is fun ,
but my usband takes care of me . He oe n't allw ayoe to be much closer to me .
my mother - in - law likes swimming too .
last night we wt to the wimming pool . It was a little it cold , but we liked it so we went to the poo and sared swimming . I know o to swim vy well , but h des n't , he h to av a uppot therwise she ca n't swim .
to : ma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nv 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestauratHello Emma .
When I rad your e - ai I ws very surprised about it .
Wl , I hnk it is ealy creative .
If you nt to vsit me , you have to do it in the next month because I av a football tournament , and I must participate .
So what about next month , 2t of December ? I wul lik to sugest a ish named " Bloody Lver " .
It could be strge for oers , but it is rely delicious if served ih corn .
If you want to visit a restaurant , I would sugget the Dgi .
It is a bit r from my me , behind te petrol station her we once left yur car .
To answer your qution , I can n atend e aty bease I do not like those kinds of parties , u I sh ou god lk ! mos
We , the mnageent of Th Arch London tel , eceived your email a wish to lt you know hat y sould ake kon to us h position you desire to work in va return email along wih a scanned copy of ur sige onract of greemet to enable us to ma all the necessary corrctios .
Thank you .
Whe it comes to blic transport , the future is relatively dark according to e prospection .
nded , all the indicators sw that human behvior ill ot chage , at least in the coming decades .
he c ontines to atract people .
On he thr hn , governments are not ale to change transportation olcies to enane pubic transpot 's level of service .
Malaga is a town th takes cre of he enironmnt .
Around the city , there re a lot of containers o rubish , piece , platic and crystal .
All people has very clos soeone to recycle .
Als , o can u clothes and shes that o do n't ed r African children .
So , Malaga is responsible towards the environmnt and towads peple in ned .
Secondly , in Mala there are stct and ar ule for factories .
These companies must take ca of e environment or the will hae to p a bg fn to te council .
So , in general , I think Maga is very responble owards th envrnment and ac appropiaely .
h way of living changes ever day : if we think abut our grandparents ' , but also about or parents ' lve , we notice an diferences .
Above a , they talked moe . We live in the r of telecomunication an no one cul iv without their oile hone or teir cmpuer .
Bein alwy in contact wih our friends has become our way of livn .
oeover , also , imple hings hae anged . For example , the od we et . Some time ago , everyhing ws natural , healthy ... t now everyone always at " junk food " nd things like tat , which e copletly nheathy !
However , w il people 's lives change in th nx 50 yars ?
As a result of wat I have jut id , in my opinion , people wo n't ae a " real lfe " . Everyon will always be oe nvolve in virtual li , so ht they wil orge ow to tal to eah othr and how to xprss hir ow felins !
About foo , I magie a future ociet in which restaurants wo n't xist . Pple will eat oly nk od d food which has been preared before , food in tns ... so l unhealthy things , whi will cause many roblms .
or tis reason , I also imgne at in he ftue dctos and scientists wi have to muc to do !
Do not ruin ou life . It coul all be so perfect !
My favourite port is soccr .
Al , we can learn to lp eah oth in e team .
My fvorite ick is nuteg .
My favourite socr playe is Frank Lmpad .
My favourte team is Celsea FC .
My favourit soccer ith is Hong og Stadium .
My fvourte socer is he Brazuca .
I stted lying soccer whe I was four .
I often pay soccer wih my father a my broher .
en it is he hlidas , my brother and I pa soccer wce a we .
It is really good to play soccer !
Everyone is afrd of somthig .
A lot of ople re afraid of atastrohic events even thought it 's vry improbable tht the same hing will happen to us .
me fears are instictve and it 's positive becaue it protects us fom real danr , it 's a od response .
But phobias ae fears hich we experience that e lie - threatening n they can disrupt everyday life , bt people an e oer tem with the ight st of therp .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlle by o ears , we must try to be more objective d py ore attention to ral danges .
We shou spen ess time worrying nd oe time being appy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote s stor " he War of the Worlds " , so it a inevitable . People egan to see space creatures everwere .
Science ficto magazines n stories spread .
And th flyng saucers culture ha dominted . Ty wll be green in colr .
Te il have three eyes , antennae on their head , n guns firing gen extraction .
hy want to ccupy he plane art because , accordin to thm , our resurce are still vigin ..
Aison rad the ot , smiled , and immediately pu on her coat .
Alison u on e coat , closed h dor a went to r parnt ' house by car .
he went to her parents ' use becue hey sen h an email tha said that her father was okay ate he oeratin .
We lison knked on her arents ' door she noticed ha ther wre many peole in er parents ' house , a man opened e front door .
Whe sh entered h hose , a man was ooking at her with a a face , when udenly thi an sh Alison 's fahr with a un .
Alison ft the house er scared ; it as a dra .
Nowaays , pubc ransport is used by may people in h cities . We n fnd fferent types of public transport , such as us ,
tu nd rin , u is there a uture for em or not ? I am oing to answer this quesion by discussing disadvantages an advntages nd , finally , I will give my pesona opinion .
To begin th , pubc transport is not as convenient as using our o veicl . Eey day , above all in the mrning , it is usully cwded , du to people gong to work .
Secondy , getting arund in a city on pulic tansport a be hrible . There re too mny stops , an we spend a lo of time on them until we arrive hm .
Although I have written so disadvantaes , publi tranport is bter hn private transport .
Firstly , if someone wts to me in t cit using a ca , ta can be very expensive due to trffic jams .
Secondly , publc trasprt is mo ecologial n ls pollutin for the enironent , becaue it poduce less oluting emisons , and mny public vehles use geen energy , sch as electricit or a .
In conclusion , from my poin of view , public transport is more necesary now han ever bfor . Cities contain mr automobiles d the pollution is worse .We nd to change o way of thinking , and try to s public transport as an alternatve to improve he envionment of ur ities .
Lat wek , my class ad I went to Sily on a school ti .
We viied mny cities .
On h irs day , we wet to Taormina ad ardini Naxos . h day after , we visited Sirasa . On t thir d , Agrigento nd h Vally of the empes , and on t ast dy we visited Marsala nd Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we visited but the bes , in my oiion , was Siracus . In particular , I liked Oigia , hich is the oldst pr of e cit .
I also liked The Valley of e Temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing !
I think hat e worst thing abu e trip ws tha on he last ngt in our room there were a lot of insects and so spiders and we ha to change oom .
Pulic transport nowadays ha beco a b uncomfortale ecause we an n hink of vailaility of seat .
A rge number of people e it , hic results in over - loaed uses a trains .
It tkes moe time to travel by ubli transport than by peonal vehice . There is a scarcity of bss ad the imins too are not fixed .
Traveling by car or n other personal eicle is muh or covnient becase it takes much less tm and it tkes us directy to the place wher we wan to go .
Tes day , private transport is re convenient than public transprtatin . Alough public tansport lik buses , trains , feries a intrcty rail tak less me and enegy , sometimes it cates problems .
On public transport , popl e obged to shre transport it stanger n we also have to follow compny poli or regulations , but ith u o trnport , we do n't ave to oter but these things . We trav when we wat ad we we av time .
We do n't have to book tickets or private transport .
So we can s that travelling in o on transpotation is mo convenen .
eope dive cars to go to ork .
Te cy has a lot of traff .
Te prfr to go to work by r ather than by bu .
Publi tansport is muc cheape than cars a reucs traffic in e city .
It 's true rivig a car is so much more convnient , because people do n't ned to wait r a u .
They ca drive at any time , they can come d go at any im .
They can trvel to another pce irrespective of the time .
Buse , boats a trains e the public trnspor tht ae st se by peole .
In se cities there ae n't boats , because thy do n't have a river or h a .
Buses are common in t cy .
ome buses hav speia nd prefeentia seats or d eope .
This is interstng because people practise solidarity .
I think we should ave a lot of ues in he cty .
any cars pollute the plane and people are allergic to the ollution .
The train does n't cause pllutio .
Th mode of transrt is better or t ppulation a means that we do n't ha traffic in the cty .
Another iea is riing a biccle d wakig .
This c help heauthy the people and e ciy wll be cleaner .
So we must reduce cars on te roads .
We will be vr happy and we
wil be me hathy .
My favrite sor is walking . I ealy like ths sprt fo severl reasons :
1- It 's very common . I ca do it anywher and nytie I wnt .
2- It 's ry cheap . I do not need to uy ayting to do it .
3- It 's t a ar sport . In l caes I will nt be tired after waling .
4- It maes me reax because I sp doing my ativity frm work and studyng .
5- It gives me a lot of time to hnk aut all my life itout any isturbance fo anybody .
o al these reasons , walking is my favourite sport .
Fm few years , people u diffrent types of ansport . We rid by bus or by cr .
We fl by plae or something else .
Travelling by a is more convenient in my opinion .
Frst , you save oney if yo us a r .
hn you trvel by bus , yo pay mor .
Mreover , you travel with other people .
ou stand in a ueue to bu a tike .
Seondly , you might feel uncomortable .
On sm meas of trasport it is too crowded ad yo haven ' t got a place to stand .
Sometimes you lean against a window .
It is n't good .
Finally , if you drive a car , yo do n't hve to woy abu a timetble . You n go at any ie .
When u go by bus , for example , you must wit at a cold bus stp .
I hae ht .
To sum up , in my opinon , tavlling by car is better .
o ae comfort , ou eel better .
Y do n't ae to worry tat you wo n't arrive on me .
nfortuately , it is very sd to sa ht pople in my town do nt care about the evronment .
We need to start don somehing to vod polluion .
There are so many ltte thng we could do to care fr h envirnment .
So mn storms ad all the things happenin aoud the world are the rsult of not taking are of e ny planet we hve to live on .
I suppose eir lifestyl is inolerable , resteless ad I realy sympathise wi them . e majority of outstandin nd appeciatd people are frustrated .
hey turn into arogat and rious idols because of a ck of prvae ife an peretual attention .
hat is a ptiles trial r celebritie but , hrouh ick and thin , hey go on .They achieve th goals made exceptonaly fr the sake of money d vant .
I alised it is not worth it .
Tank you for or attetion .
here is one thing tht confuses me , n tha is the old extension number .
I am ways answrig rong calls , an hese calls distract me .
I recve a lo of calls ooking for the previous employee and I have to spen my tim explaining what hapend to i .
May I av a new extnsio nube ?
Thas r yur ep .
Dear Jo ,
Romania is a bautifl conry and a may jb .
lo , ter ar mny places to see , ountains and lakes wee yu can elax and have fun .
The jobs e ice and you can work fo thre months .
Thee is ood y also .
I also ork in he summer as a itress in a terace .
It is od ad people are nice .
See you son .
Hi ,
I hope you are wll .
I 'm ritin ou a letter because I ave mde a hrt film with my friends , and I want to tell y what the lm is abot a wha te eperiene w ike .
The iea of making a film cae up on a Saturday nih at a eeting of friends .
At fit we thought tt te idea was just a jke , bt Jke , one of my friends , aid ht he ad bought a vieo camera .
When Jake said hat , we stated to roar with laughter , but then , anote friend suggested the idea of making a hom vie .
T experienc with e film was amazng , ecaus we laughed all nht an we enoyed hat vr coo idea .
In iself , th im did n't hav an special topic , but I can desribe it as a friends flm , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , ad it shows that friedship is the geatest thing tt exists .
By the way , I 'm sending the film r with this ette .
Let me nw about you d or life .
He to hea fom ou oon ,
Bianca
Running is my trapy .
I tartd runing to lose weight n it ned up bei a lfe - chagig experience .
Sme ma say that rning is vey siilr to religon , but to me it is mor ha that .
Running connects me to my inner Goddes .
Runnin is cheap and everyone can ta up running , no experiece reuired . After all , it is just o se after t othe .
In my county , buses e an essentil mode of public transport .
So I have ad a ot of problems :
1 . Everoe sped a t of time raveling .
2 . s drivrs do n't care abu the people around them .
at mean thy are careless people , wo always drive t fst .
Bt publc transport as advntags : If we se it is an essential od of ransort for travelling .
Therefore , the evironment ll be improved .
Mbe traffic accidents will be decreased .
I am writing to repor on he local transrt in Toluc .
The publc trasprt most used in Toluc is te bus bcause it is the cheapest , but it is ry a a nsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; e bus e old and obsolete , ey have brken windows a ld broken seats .
h service is ver bad . The drvrs ar very anry n stressed out so tey do not drive with autin . In Toluca thre are reports of high nmbes of accidents involvig buses .
The public transot is unsafe because of an increase in thefts d the kidnapping of ues .
I suggest changing e old buses for w buses and putting security camera on te buses .
Also , hat the cmeras transmit immdiately the images of robbes to oth ses to ensur hat th are alert , n that the dries receive trining n sanctions for driving adly .
I thik we ive vry fst , alas nning . We do n't enjoy our lives .
Because we ant a lo of ney , a l of thigs , we a always wrkin to ear more mone , we do n't meet u eighbous , fo example .
Maye in the fute it ill be wose .
Tere is no ftur for public transport because th car s made life so ey .
It 's eonomically and practically moe expensive .
People
prefr to use cars nsted of public ranspot .
It 's saves ti .
In olden ims luxuries ere not consdered as compared to ealth , bu now eeryone prefrs to save time and mantain privacy , which one c ny fford by using er / his own pivate transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
public transport
I thin it 's very important as it reduces the probms of both pollution a crowing . We use fewer vehicles as it is b d caries a l of people .
The uderground , trains a bus . These means of transport are cheap , so it help te poor to save some money .
Governments should take ar of public transport . They huld ve ans of entertainment . People should kep them clan ad safe . If th se tem carelssly the wil be useless . Now there is no fture for publc traspor , because travelling by car is so much moe convenient .
Cars r faster hn pblic transport , so cas r ore convenient than public transport . They are ease , fster and re comforable , especially fr on distances . So , govrnments should imove pulic transport as ot all people have cars .
Nowadays , travelling h mae it eaie fr humans to mve all ove th word .
Many people av ot use to sin ter wn vehie as their means of ransprt , whe they can reach hei destiatio on ti .
In h flloing paragrahs , I pesent my view on tis controversial issue .
Firsy , we ae diferen modes of transport , aong these is road transort .
As the auomotve industry is hu , most householdes prefer to y a ar rter than ue an othr motor vecle . They can move easily om departure point to destination in no time .
A they do n't ned to be dependent on public trnspot on tir orney .
As private rasport is icreasing day by ay , it 's tat thre may not be any public transport in he futue .
Secondly , if private ranspotation is ncresing faste , traffic is also going to rete a major problem , which causes globl warming .
And te incom tt is gained hrough thi ranspot srice wll automatically ecrease , wch will cret a problem o the economy of the country .
Another issu we an se here is nemployment .
Mo illiterate people choose their poficiency as pulic transortation , ke u service , cab service , at ervie .... t , in order to fufi her aic eeds .
More unemployed peopl a alo lead to a higher crime rate .
I hope giving eual priory to both pulic and private transportation maks us healthy .
And we c e tha controling the trafi is not oin ot of th ands .
In al times and places there is always some typical foo of the country wer we live .
My me is aua n I live in Argentna .
Here , in his outry , hre are typca dishes , dessets , drinks .
Some of them are ras , mt nd soe othrs , bu those are t bet known .
On te one hand , I like to ve thig hat are tpical in ea cuntry , aart from th fact tt they a delicos , beaue whn y 've got the opportunity to trael , you can go a experience the fod too .
On the thr an , the ba thin about whn ere is such delcous fd , is that ou alwas an to eat oe tpial od frm yor country an in h end it 's very bad for te dy becau we at it to exces .
In ten yas , they did n't change ths thngs , beaue they are elicious and no n woud ke to eat anytig ther tan roast !
I think if the gvrnment do the best wk bout h transport , they can save it .
Publi transort is the et way to se t plant and hv a bettr atmosphere . lo , we sav money and can meet pple .
It is true a cr is re comforabl , but it es a t of mineral resources lik perl which a pollut the atmspher .
I do n't think pubic trasprt does t av a future . Ter r a lt of eope who a no y a ar and he have to ue commnit trnspor .
Pubic transpot is vy complicatd nwadays .
Places like Mumbai are ul of pele and there is no pla to park ehiles .
Day by dy , the number of peope is increasig in Mubai .
There ae more crowds and all t people ant to travel by pulic trasport , so it is difficult to travel . T best ay to travel is in ther
ow cr or van .
This wl sve the time .
Public transport is a good way to travel from one place to another lae .
I had a word ih a y an he will reply to me by tomorrow .
It wil be good to intrview boh and you n decide .
I am hoping thi boy wll co for the interview as he a saing ecenty he ha got a w job .
Is the nernet t greatest invention of all me ?
h Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with dstnt frnds , and we lk for mprtant information when we are studying or entertaning ourselves .
Frst of all , I am ging to tlk about he advantages d disadvantages of his topic .
he first dvantage is that te Internet is vey fast . F examle , wen o want information out somehing .
The sond adantage is that t Internet by websites , such as Titter , Facebok ... Yo ca speak with yo quick frind , or ou cn eet wit them on t website . Threfore , you do not cal the on t telephone , because h ternet is vr chea .
As for disadvantages , at prsent , children are lwas playing wt thr ompter games and mobile phones .
oh omputr mes ad moile phones have ot e internet . As a result , he ave not t te for oher traditiona aes .
Aother disadvantage is that people do o meet wi friends , sice they spa on nteret website , so vey time tere is ules relationship , the ople are ot soiable .
To sum up , t Internet is he most important advan in the rld , but thee e a lot disadvantages and advantage .
rm my point of vw , h Intenet is useful for eeryon , bu we shol not abuse it , and should carry out ther activities .
' Good Thriler ' as not my favorite yp of gere until I sa ' No Escape ' .
Thi mov is about wa is happening in real life right now , on the oter sde of the worl .
They persecute an American famy that wn tre ecaue of the d 's job , which w something about a copany that the natives of ha place hated most .
ithout expecing it at al , hs family nt somewhere in Asa to start a n way of ivig .
In other words , hy ad to e used to a different kind of world .
It was n't that esy fo the coupl it w little girls .
Ty hd to eape wit the oos of the country cloe , while makng sur both girls dd n't get their mid full of erribl things ( people killing ) .
A in some of th cenes , te little girls escped or the d had to mae tem jump fom o building to aothr one !
Anyway , I wuld n't wt to ruin th edng but I would definitely recommen y to e what hapen nxt !
Helen , I did n't expect this .
It was a ue supris for me !
I really appreciate your crd th you snt me .
It made me speechles !
I hae never got anthing like hs .
I celebrated my bithdy witht any complictions .
We ha a good time .
e , I 'm oa .
I 'm a student at the Academ of innce .
I me from inh Binh province .
There ar 5 peple in my family : my father , my mother , my ode sister and my younger broher .
I want to be an accuntan .
Hel Mr Smith ,
I 'm so sorry , bu I ca n't ce to class ne week becaus I have to wr .
Sing tht , could u ell me about next wk 's work ?
I 'll tr to work at home .
hnk ou .
Regards ,
Lara Pérez
ea Bubin Lost Propert ,
I lost my phone on 5h an 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city cenr .
I still remember using my hon in Dublin ity cenre at the nrance .
I lo my hne near treet no 1 .
Here is a descriptin of my hone - mdel ipne 6 , gray color ad there er scratches on the back .
Thanks
Ritesh
Dear rincipal of e Effective Learning School
I am interested in your dvertisement ou posted in an Enlsh languae magazine .
Recently I av hd a o off fro a company located in Lndo and it reqires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 o th vi .
I haven't tudid for this exa at all n I have t very liite time , around 3 monhs , before the xt tet , so I would ie to begin as soon as possible .
I am working in the daytime , so nighttme , 6 pm to 9 pm , or nytme on weekens wod be oo r me , ecpt on Monays and Wednesdys when I ly basketbal as a hobby .
Alo , I am thinking of tudying wh you for 2 mths bu we cn talk mre about this lat .
I am goo at speaking and listening t not confident at witng , especily essay witin . I 've never tudid witig in my life , so I want to focus on this writing part or ta others .
I am looking forward to haring from o soon .
Bst regards .
Samue Mo
Travelling by car is muh re convenient but we l know really here is no fure o public tranprt .
he we talk about pblic trnsort , hre e an people nd eeyone travels bt I think we do n fel relaxed tre d if we talk about travelling by a .
It is the best or much mo cnvenient fr us .
Becau we cn ravel anywhere , but on public tranport we can not travel to ny othr places
I thn there is a big fture for publc rnsport , ecuse a lo of eople wt to se it an , ore than aythin ls , it is connient .
In paticular , so people do n't hve a ca ad me derly people fin it difficult to drive a car by themselvs , so public transport helps te a ot .
Aready , public transrt a been impoved ad that makes it comfortable to go on a rip , bu I think it will be ble to be better a beer quality , bcaue so mn peple expectation .
I like the car as well , bu when I have to drie a car , I ve to tin about parking a t and I ca n't ejoy meeting other peole to talk while I am traveling , so public tranprt is making connection btwen huma beings .
That is wh I think public trnsport is ealy important for he pulic a the are a ot of important thng that will be possible in he future .
Every human as ints of strength and weaknss .
So , humans , both women and m , should ehave accodng to thse pints .
h question whch arises now is sould e employer hire wome for sm posts and exclude the fm others , and te same fr men ?
There ae two answers to this question . The frst one is rm those who a that it is right to exclude women from ome jobs .
For example , a builder needs phscal strength to carry cemnt ad bricks .
A mechnic should have e bility to deal with the drawbks of e jb .
The scond answer is that it is not orrect to eclude n or women from ay posts .
T explanaon of those who support th ecod answer is that evyone is born eal in terms of duties a rights .
So no one cn hire someo or give anyone a job according to gender .
Is it onveniet to ake a year of beteen leaving schol and stating the university ?
I thik it is o necesay d not recommendale because y hae the possibility to en oney and it is difficult once y ge used to earning money , o want to study gain .
Als , if you want to travel , u have to mk money for ha and te trave .
Furthermore , yo do n't tudy durg this period and he you ant to trt universy , u wo n't be ae to remember sm imporant things
So , if o ke a yar off , you have to hik bot it .
Peole use public transprt to ave money .
t n they ae earning more oney an the earned before .
Therefore , it is likely that public rasport wil no loge exist in the future .
I think public transport hs a utue wer all peopl e pblic transport . Then I think tat aye it will continue to ae a future but it has ba and ood higs . For example , it is gd at it is easer to moe in the ci n you save tme , an the bad thing is at ad pepl ttak you and steal tings . But I think that it has a utue , because a lot eple ve if ey use publi transport to .
Pople use pbli transport . Also , peoe ned to moe r all h city .
hat I ' m ayng is tat if you hav futu pblc transport that pepl us so much , o will have a utre .
Conveience is not the onl consideation whn we are trvelling .
A lot of peopl choose pbli transport r rvelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed an sometme faster an divin a ca .
In recent yers , governments have encouraged people to take pulic trnport because of he el crisis .
Some overnents invest a o of money in constructing public trasport networs to make travelling by public transport mor convenient .
We riving a r , we wl face parking sace poblems in a ity .
Besides , traffic jams a another problem .
So , I do n't think there is no future for pulic transport .
My mothe is my bet friend in my family . S always listens to me . Sometimes I cal her by e real ne !
She always tells me sme jokes , ut sometimes I lag !
, i love he so muc . I do n't know ha my world would be lk withut e and I do n't want to knw .
I pray evey day to save my mother and all my fmily .
My name is Tm . I 'm 12 yers old .
I have . blck kn , lack ha .
I 'm short .
I am wearing a shirt nd a air of trouss .
I will wait or o at th tai station .
Well , the re a lot of sports tha people do every d , but I have one which is my favoite .
It 's basetbal .
hi sport has a lot of types of match which you can ply .
ou can play wth your friend or in a team , or even alone , u ts oton is the most oring .
Basketball is a perfect spor ecaus you can deelop yo reflections and your reatioships ith pepe .
I njo playing basketball bcaue I relax hen I la it and I c meet n people and travel arnd my city or my country . That is he best , bease you can visit ciis .
And ou njoy yourself ith your maes an experience al those speal moments wth them .
I can give yu some advice to strt doing this spr .
This is a sport at improves your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
And maye you will beome a famous player or an odinary lyer , but you will fe le a famous oe .
But it is important to ejo yourself .
he old house on the hill is a landmark in my it .
At the beginning of its history , my ciy was a big farm .
A rver sses by the ci and , occasonally , the wre floods in e place .
Tied of havng heir houses destroe , the landlrds decided to build a new house on te hill , so they would n't be boheed by floods ayore .
There is a tale at mentins a treaue hiden in te hou .
Th trease s use to fiance a ciil war ta took pla in e sou of e ontry .
After the w , the gld was lt in e house .
Pole came a destred th ouse looking for te b treasure .
I absolutely dsagee ith tis tatemen .
here are 7 bilion pepl in he orl , and e number is increasing rapidly .
How man cas for ll of te pole in the orl ?
He you ever driven in a crowded city and mved at 1 km/h .
hen more people ue ublic transport , hre r fer car on the ra , you can walk and njoy t iy .
Besides , it 's ls an envronmentl polem ; exhaust fumes ngulf the earth . e more he car is used , the ore exhaust gases are released . We are killi our mother earth .
In addition , those who live on below avrage incoes do ot have money to buy a ca .
An automoble is a lury in some cutries , like mi .
It 's the way to prove yu ar walthy . hen you e a ar to your home , or go to scool or rk by car , eple will change the minds aot u .
Pubic traspor is becoming a mst - hve means for may people who have a low inco .
In conclusion , public transport is our uture mens of transport . I mean r os citizens .
Not r , though it 's convenit .
My favourite sport is swimin . It makes me feel comfortble and leaves me in a od mod . I go swimming twc a week , and my advce to ayoe wanting to start swmming is to enjoy evr mment of it .
I have rad an aricle on IF ta talks about a sheep hat has a hma ac .
It shows in the video that te sheep actually as a g se an lips just lke a huma .
Which is one of he eirdest tings I ae seen .
They say he reaso why he ha a human face is the farmer gave his m an xta oe of Vitamn A. As a result , that causes the deformity in his face .
I think it is jst a concidece that the hep loo ie a hma .
On he ther han , the farmr who owns e shep efusd to ll h sheep for a hige pice than normal to th circus .
I think th sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialsation in animals ith th ae condition .
Lif is a lon jorny . Every day , we gin more and oe experience .
We becme no only ode , but also wse . We learn , but h mt seful thin to earn is to get a lt of experiencs nd , fr su , to make mistakes . Bt we have to be onet with ourseves d admit our mistakes to avod tem in t future .
I am in yot eati Yatsuashi .
I ave seen Momiji .
It is very beutful .
Becsuse it is turning red !
I he nevr sen this ight .
I played badminton with my faily last night .
Dr Jo ,
As you know , my grandothe currently lives in France th my cousin on . Unfortunately , he has to do a ree - month oure utside of the counr . John needs to ave Fran next weekend , ut it is not possbl . I hav to go and lok after h becau noe of my family can spn tree months ver the .
I am so sorry to delay your vii , which as lanne onhs go , but as I old you , it is not in my hand , but I fl like it s .
y do n't u come to visit France istead of Spain ?
Could be amazing !
Just think about it an give me a cal .
Sn my love to ou faiy , ad a i iss to you !
Dear ir ,
I am writing to you because I would ie to oo my holiday om 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
Yours Sincerely
Mriuz Kaczorowski
Nowadays , technology is mre modern than in th pst ad people ar always devloping their inventions to make them more usful .
We as hmas livn in these days , rely on echnology . Eey aspect of our lives is supporte by techlogy .
d because of technlogy , or lives become eaier .
One eample is television . In the pat , we used it only for watching te news a movies , but as ti gs by n the technology develps , nw elevision has ohe fuctins .
Television can be ed tor an things . Uualy we wat television for entertainment , bu we can also e it r eucation too .
Thes r th proofs ha televsion ca as educate .
Frst , tlevision has ma progrs wch can be sed for education .
Many ograms consist of essns for kids to ern . Fr kis who til at to lear to speak d now h words , it is vey useful , becaue any programs r very uitabe for them to hlp them learn fate by watching television .
Besides hat , we can also use television to ma us bcome knowledgeable , by atching news proram .
Second , these days , television has bcme modern n that mean television can be connected with e internet .
By tha avanage , ow we an asly seah and ge information from the intent by usig a television .
We can search for it by brosing or we can also cess YouTube to hlp us .
So we c watch a program tha we wanted , so we n choose what is good d o .
In concuson , tleision c etertain ad also eduat , beuse television progams do it in an interesting way .
I will tl aout my favourite port .
My favourite spt is footall . I enjoy playing footbll wth my frids . We ply at night . It is vy exciting to lay he it 's raining .
When anyone fails to ps the all or misses a goal we sht in his fce " are yo crz ? How d ou mss that goal ? "
ut we ar o interested .
We enj watching football atches .
My favourite sport is ootall .
I 'm not good at playing it , an I refer to lay vollyball , t I lik to watch he games .
The emotions the oly y if yo 're a fan of n team , n you kw the happiness tt u feel hen it wis , it 's indescribable .
ooball is usually a ort that appeals primarily to males , u I 'm a girl and sometimes I realize tha I know moe han some males .
I stated following footbal in 207 , at just 10 years od . I started cause I fel in love wh a team , a ht then led me to love fotball in general .
I like to tch h games at home with my aher , t always go to e stadium with my d . You el indescribable otions . And my fater was to cnvey this passion .
Te future of pubic transport should be taken seriusly . In my opinion , public transport is the es option or solvig the problems with trafc congeston because , he we se a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from n place to ther in jut one vehicle .
r mny years , pubic transport has alled peop to tave a log distance for wor that otherwise would not be possible .
Better sil , th future of publi tansport is essential or a beter life without trfic .
When we use a ca , in gneal , one erso is the oy person o is accstoed to using the on a , so this is not exploiting e ptentil of the cr .
At the am tie , we eed re cas for me people . That 's th cause of oe taffic .
It 's r ts reason that I think public transport is a geat benefit to society , an a good way f us to move fom one place to aoter . I suget that te government shold nvest moe mny for the purpe of improving public trasort .
Hi reddy ,
I hv recived your letter .
I apologise to ou or not writin sooner , but I 've ben really busy ltely .
Your party sounds extreely enjoyable .
re , parties ar normlly for family an freds .
The men usually wr their es suits and th women have long dsses on
George 's restaurant is a vey pleasant plae wth any asty rcips from ll around th word to enjoy ur dine alone or with coany .
The head chef is an experienced an skillful man at his wrk .
Te food his team of chefs prepae is always magnificent a th decoration a work of t . Not to mnion th h deoraion is fully engae in the hd ce . Not only is e food , but also he estauant itself is a very beautiful dstinaion .
Dsigne by famo decorators nd their partners
, with te latest technological system fo ligtin and beautif painted als th great mastrpieces by el - known artis and upcomig talents .
st u not les , h service is remarkable .
The waiter are happy to help in an way th c and wr hard eouh to reach their ull potetal so he an relish you .
So fairly Geoge 's restaurant is e of e mst universally renowned restaurant .
I 'm afraid I 'm n quite wih yo , evn approve public tansprt wll t re popular in the futue .
You ca n't disagree tat our orld become urbanization in the fuure , c you ?
That ill ak our life mo and more crowded .
Today 's telvisin !
On ou hve in mind by nvting oters to t oe and watch TV is ha people expected !
e big eal is entertainment , and qualit is part of it .
Keep in md ht you shou do befre byig your n TV .
ou should conside hat lre d being ntochable TV is hat o us find in one .
However , people nowadas ook r a good desg d not for qalty . T big problem is that price is aainst qalty , een hough a goo designing of TV series in ell - known stores is the b option ht we ca choose to check .
Consider a good prie and good qulity by checking ad viitig sors . ou should not spnd to much mony by buying th biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a fe minutes in tores , take yr seat , enjoy and it if you are covinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movie on our ow TV consiring pre and quait . Some TV brings u te expeienc of enjoying ur favourite movies in other scenery . Will yu y ?
hether people who reah 18 should do military service is an sue . The supporters suggest ta it is helpf fr 18-ar - olds to trin teir physcal fitness and psychological qualitis , whilst opponents poit out tha it is harmful to uman right a aects the development of a country .
Considering both vies , it can be conlded that the government huld repec humn rights and se up a new department which can be used by peole who want to aply to do military service .
In my opinion , our lies ill undego a drmaic chang in the next 50 years .
Y just have to thik that 50 years ago we did n't kow wat a smartphoe or a laptop as , in schools we use books of paper ad not tablets or iPads , n now technology is ar of our livs .
I tin and ope that mabe in 50 years scientiss il find a cur for many dseses and tha wll ange our lives , because we could le or longer .
1 , Álamo Street
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
28042
Der Joh ,
I want thank you or the invitation b I ca n't come to h prt because it is my sister 's s brradas .
I apologise .
Be wishes .
Yor friend
Maria
I am currently a oin Maser 's ut I can evot myse to the Fellowship , especially since I ae finishd th e - Msters and now I need only follow up ro tm to tm ih my supevisor . So I have h time r the ellowship .
I age with he statmet tha rk Tai is e greatest Amrian witr .
H works e known all er h world .
When I rea his pom " he Adventures of Tm Sawyer " I as excied .
The last thriller I atchd was " Tre Detctie " by HBO .
That is an eigt - episode film .
Frt of l , I would ke to tell u aou the atmophere of the film .
It is like yo a goig downstairs to a dark room nd eling curosty an fear at the same time .
I was impressed becau I ' d never se suc ilm bfore .
Tha sl - motion action is so ipressive tat I have wtched it l day .
In particular , I would like to pnt u Mathew Mconahy 's role .
The philoophy of this ho is so diffeet to wa we used to think ever day that I have tan a look at my life from anoter int of view .
Last tim I wa so impressed wtcing " ight ub " by David Fincher .
I really recomed that movie to watch .
Hi Lara ,
ice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 yar d and I 'm from Rome .
My hobbies e reading , trvel and cooking .
I usuall go to the seaside on Sunday morning .
I 've got oe broer , Francis .
I work in adertising . I 'm an count .
I hope to see you soon .
Lo
is report ams to give a clr ea about reservin the enironment in my town .
First of all , the local council organised a competition romoting ecoloicl awareness and encoraging the lcl commnity to presrv the environment .
Scnd , w rles wr legislated condemning any person intending to am the envirnment in y y .
Third , spporting recycling by inventing three ypes of ruish bi r hard waste , for liquids , and h ird for cotes .
I am a bi fa of Arsenal ,
so it ll com as no surprise that my fvourite sort is fotbal .
Football is considered to be the ot watched and flowed por worldwide .
I would li to lo at thi sport fr different perspectives .
Firstly , football plays a vital ro in uifying people lcaly an interntionlly . o example , it hels t US d China to noalize ter relations .
Secondly , football gnrates one .
hirly , an rm aeshetc poin of view , it w called he eautifu game by ee .
Althogh I hv en aying fotbal fr years , I am still not a profssionl player . This ma be because I am t alentd .
We wil lea today me inforation abo Islam . Islam is a great religion that ome from t Arabian Penisula a it was onded 143 yars ago .
Mohammed was a kindly rophet orn in a mal cy aled Mekka and he traveled to another cy ose to Mkk caled Almadina because the pople of Mekka wer very aggresive a they i ot accept the ew invitation to the n ligion .
ohammed me back to hs town , Mekka , after that and frgave the eope of Mka who abused him .
Hello dears ,
We will tlk about ow peole 's lie will chag in te fute .
I think the principal thngs in or talk are t internet , compters , techology and communications .
Edcaton will not be in schools ad universtis , t it will be on the internet by many method lie : Sel Educatin , E - larnng education , on many websit like : DX an Coursera and istance education .
Shopping will alo be on t internet ; everyhing will be !
Dar Si or Madam ,
I 'm wrting to o eause I 'm interested in applying r the ob in smmer camps .
I saw h advetiement last eek in th newsaper a I thin ta I 'm the righ person for the ob .
I 'm orty yers ld a I av eperiece of ookin aer hildren in my town because I ae been working in a primary scho as a tacher for four years .
On the other ha , I like swimming a t and I sd to play tennis in a loal tm three yers ag .
oreoer , I am a kin - hearted peron who enjoys meetg people a lot .
In you avertisement u mnton worin in ktchens ; I li in a all town and my grandfather was a farmer .
He lived near r on ad I used to ped my holidays wih hi , nd , of coure , I us to he him wh his cows and rabbits , so I cud do hi work again for your company .
Finall , I thnk I 'm a frendly womn who likes children and wats to work n learn this summe in t U.S.A. , so ,
I look orwar to receiving your answer soo .
Yours faithfuly
T digras sh how an nots are md .
Firstly , they design the bank notes ' background colour , ts atwork and security ises .
Secnd is e prparation of the metal plates .
It 's one by skile achiists .
Te h sets of bank nte ae rinte . Printing clou on boh sie and u special n and the imgs are slihly raised .
When printing is finihd , thy ve to be inspeced .
It is the ot imortat st .
Printed sets are manully nspected .
Finally , ey find good quality shet a some partially damged sheets or bd sheets .
The ill pakag nd distrute h sheets which are god .
At this point , they first c the seets ito separate ank notes . Sond , th pack he sheets an isatch he .
At the sm tie , ba sheets ad bnk noes ae securely destroyed .
hy not ? Firstly , what 's education for yu ? It 's very clear to me that education is creating th conditions to ke or thinking grw .
If th a to do that is as nd ce , I hink in the n it is beter than exlainig theoretical concepts .
The ohe eson for my pinion is that almos all people prefer using he eyes an ears to other people , rther than write d listen to ndrstand ne thng .
While we are having a god ie atching TV , o brain is o in alm , just in anothe position ifferent to the ones during the es of the y .
That 's h I thi tt it 's a go moment to se things in a new wy a tht a be a very od opportunity .
Definitely , it dos not always depend on he kind of prgramme , but I thik tt nowday , a lot of teevisin offers help for people to deveo moe efectively .
Hunting is the mst enjoybe ing I know . I like to hunt becuse it is so peaceful to be out in h forest .
I starte to nt hen I w seven years old .
I hnt with my dad n my stepad . We hunt all diferen animals .
The nimas I le to hunt st are bid , rabbits , ose and roe deer .
I hun mos with my dad , a we alys ha great f when we ht , but ometime we can be a it angry ith each ther .
Me an my d hae three og ad we hn moose , rabbit nd re deer wi the .
Their ame ar Pluto , Krocen an Zela .
When I 'm wth my stepdad and hut we ae rea fun because we say in a cabin and he 's a really fnny man too . I laug eer evenin nd have rea fun .
They 've got ma moose , so he shoot a ot of te , and ty shoot at ast evr time I am there .
My stepdad shot a very bg mose when I was ere with m and I got he rophy of th moose .
Dear ll
I am commucating with you wit the purpose of letting you nw tht we e going to set up a eeing at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use scia eda to imroe t commuicaion ith or suppliers . I think a rea te fo e meeting wld be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Knd regads
rando Mrtíz
Mr. rsident
I am going to communicte to y somthing about military service .
T purpose of this letter is to notify you about some comlints that some citzns ave . Thi is related to why nl ys hve to be in h daf r military service , d gils do not ha to .
I hin we at to ave qal rights for boh .
id regards
Cesar Vga
Helo Sam !
o are you ? I am fine .
Than f ur lettr .
Yes , I have a favurie restauan .
It 's ar my home .
When I go to t restauan , I always t Mexican oo suh as tacos or fajitas .
It 's really good !
I would n't nd eatg there ery dy !
However , I just go to h restaurant on special occasions , such as my birthday or when I pass an exam .
I would like to go xt Friday . Do you want to go wit me ?
I hpe to her from you soon ,
Bye ,
This igram is sd to illustrat th proess of making bank notes , covering seve man stages .
Frt of all , we should think of a design and decide the background olour and artwork , or even secrity issues .
And he , r he peparaton of tal plates , skiled machinists a ue .
Next , printing . Sheets of bank notes are printe ( 50 bank nte e sheet ) with color on bot sides , ad specWell , the . el , th mo impoant stp is ispection , prite sheets should be mnuall inspected .
Have o ver ent the holidays cmbining fun and kwledge ?
When I used to end my vactin in Mecca aft doing my Omrah , I isitd several plces . Among them was a hous o teahin e ol book of Qrn .
Ti hse can be chracterized as conining arg nmbes of students who hav memorized the holy book of Quran .
It is lcated betwen neighborhod wth esthetic characters in e Alhijaz design area .
n conservation mechanism follwed in hs hse encouraged stuents to become a pat of it .
Fnaly , if you want to rest and ae oo companionship , go to is house .
Th pyramids wee not ma by machines or computers and that is rm the secets of he ancient Egyptians of ow they oul build a great building ie that abut 7,000 yes ao an it is still strong now . Peple from l ovr the world ome to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Arun 2 million pope come to e pyramids year . You can be ne of them .
Ce vst t land of peace a civilization .
Dear S or Madam ,
I am writing to exress my interest in applying r an English course .
irs of all , I would like to presen me background informtion bout myself . My name is Sad Ahmed .
My English anguge is weak . I would like to impove it to coplee my pograduate stdies .
The reason f choosing h Engli lagage speifcally nex Sepeber I would ik to e to kn mo information about an Enlsh languae cure .
ur school is organizing a funfair .
This activity is ealy interestig nd you should n't mis it .
Do y want to now how mc fun it is now ?
Keep your exciement and atend h even .
o will gain a sene of satisfaction .
here are a number of reaso w you sould atend the funfir .
It is meaningful eugh that you can raise money for the poor or hlp me somebody 's eed by buying things .
It woul be kind of u to attend e event a by somhing .
It is such a perfect ctiity tha h shoo can sw the grt to oter .
As one of the embers of the school communit , u should n't iss h event , n't you ?
lso , there ae some performances after th funfair .
It supposes that y cn joy the show .
If tese reasns y you shol tae part in the vent have't wheted your appetite , u might y seching f some nformatio abot te event lst year .
It is hod that the successful funfair or ohe tudnt s ' experiences will encourage you to paticipate in th fufair .
It is elieved ht h f ai will be hel sucessfully ths year too .
My favourite sport is finess . I love ing to the g , becau ther we meet new peole , ake fiens and we cn rel .
I always go to t gm . I look all the me separate 1 hour nd haf for tat .
Whe I am there I can relax and I try to not hink about my prolems n my ork .
I enjoy myself a the tme en I am there .
On Wednesday after that I go to my blly dac lessons . I loe it , beause I can xress all my feelings .
Smetime we have a preentatio and competition .
I feel ve prou about tha .
I think everyone should do one spot . We n el btte ate that and that is very god for our health .
Efective teachers hae lear a consisent communication and mnagemen sils .
e teacher use lesson time effecively .
Spe le tme to pass .
Classroom manageent is good .
Studies d monitors students ' progess , helps hm to deal with her problems .
Sudents must te a serious assessmn about himself .
It s a clouy and cl Octor night .
I was in a park when I saw a man standn jut behind me .
So I tartd to walk wy fm there , ut th gy started to follow me .
So I a to walk quicky until I coul enter an old nd abandoned hue behd t park .
I startd to wa through the hose util I heard a ise .
Thn a hot appared in rot of me and the u appere behind me .
Then I oke up d realized it hd all ben a bad drm .
En .
I le in a small city calle Cacees .
This city is located in e noth of Extmadura .
In Cáceres , we take care of the environment .
The people in this cit a awre that there are care of nature .
Therefore , in this city thr are t many factoris .
T people recye the rubsh a they thro aw the rubih in diffrent containers .
h yellow container is o plastic , lke wte ottle ; the bue container is o cadboard , like milk cartons ; e green container is for las , lie glass bottles .
vry day , sweper clen the Cacer streets d people tah heir chilren tat rubbish must n't be thrown aa in t street .
Saada Famlia , ls cale Gaudi 's Cathedra , is a very touristic Roman Cathlic church locte in Baceona which is still under construction .
toni Gaudi was the Catalan architect w dsignd it in 1798 ad in 1882 its constructin g started .
Nowadays , due to the curren econoic crisis , ts onstrution has been stopped until an undetemind date .
It is interetng bcause it has
Dar Sir or Madam ,
We I w ten years d , I rlly liked to play fotbal vry much . I jone a football tem which is nr to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not ich , they can t provid or my transporttion ees to go to do exercise at a stadiu .
The team is n very fmos , bu I kw in the fuure it wl be .
I ry to be a football player there .
Te team name comes from the oal area , which is AKSARAY . I like to play and watch football as well .
I want to adis al studns to start this sport fo thei health and to get r of stress . Sports mean is o le to sel im and to los calorie .
Afte ding spt , yo will fee you bo becoming stron an your brain will be without trss .
Therefre , everone mut do sport according to their ability .
Finally , I like to py foobal for my helth .
In my lf , many drams hav existed in my mi which a sweet , incredible , mgical or horrible .
wever , one of my rems tays in my eat so ta I ca n't ever forget it .
O ngh , as usual , I s sleping .
In a fla , I roed down a mountin d I d n't kn whre I was .
It a ust a very lng tunnel tt as rk an srange . Afer , I flt my bod ac .
I ega to yell n hoped someone could lp me to leae hre .
Ffty minutes passed , an my bdy was no lnge sore .
I decided to walk to the n .
Costantly , I jt wale le ithot trmina contest .
Wile I struggled to walk .
nally , I aw a ght appear nd I woke up .
Seeing same igt apeared my ey .
It make me el that it ws a strange dea .
Nowdas we see an enormous improvement in infrastructure .
Nevertheless , trvel by c is easer fr commuter , for example , becaus th a hoose a pesonal timetble witut the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fi chance that by he end of this cenry wellers il stop travelling by pblic rnsport , especially if h government invested heir mny in reen energy and we cld discove a n green car , which in tn , wold revolutionise our ives .
Wel , h wy that we u televiio depends on each e of us .
We il have peope that se h television as fun , most of the tm ; b we also hv other people that u televisio for research .
o examp , h channel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of information aout nimals and how they live .
In my opinin , pople use television for distraton .
When we ce home afer work , or scool , we nee a way to relax .
Maybe stuies we do in nothe w ; in resach on ompuers , in oks , c ...
The television is bein or an oe utilized by people , so we are tting moe problems with vision .
It ook lik a id of addictio ... We ned to se h technology on u behalf .
Te capitalist world aks us increasinly become us updated .
So we ve to wat the national ew to keep us connected .
Nodays , everybody has t ability to uy a teevision , so the ubers of TV vewers is ging up ; een if you ae poor or ch ; most a wach a movi , or a dcumentary .
There re no excues ot to be an informed peso .
Going shoping is oe of those things that ou can ve or , lie me , yo cn hate .
Normly , I do n't spend a lot of tim on ong shopping , even en I rely ed somethng .
In eneral , I fn it ey boring and stessful .
If I mus do it , my favourite wa of shopping is on h hi stret of my town , or in aoter twn or country .
The shoping centres , full of pple nd noise , are cay !
Shopping online is ls no , from my experience , a oo way of shopping .
In my case , I 'm always wrong with the ses a reurning the products , takes me a lon tme a a great effort , so it is n't wor it .
It is uh better to take a al along the hig street and do something for pleasure during this time .
Socializing online helps us to cotct o friends in an easy a in dferent places a th ay does n't st us moey .
Socializing does t st us mne , but we need one pace to contac ch ohe .
Fially , we enj bt ys in or life .
Fr e as fe years , puic transport has been forotten .
Now , public tranport is ot t fure , becau travelling by car is muh more convenent .
eope wh do n't use public ransprt , think th travelling by car is much better .
But they do n't ko about t bi poble wih pollution .
I think .
If evryody used public transport , the wrd old be much better , n people will be lss stressed , because hey will be o rried aout pakig spac or being in the rafic .
Mye it wi be a really good opportunity for people to be mo ealthy too .
Compard wth local bookstores , publishrs or media suc as newspapers cnsidering the Inernt market , blic transpotation has a mch betr future .
There ae two reasos .
T irst reason is that public transporation carries huns .
Humans a the ot sesitive luggage .
Y have to ke ve great care hn o carry humans .
Even thuh popl try to deveo dones to duce ogistical costs , it is difficult to appy echnolog to carrying humans .
e second reao is that automatic riving technology needs se moe tie fr deelopent .
lso , automtc driving technolog is already applid to trains .
The rnnig ost will be decreased .
We e gig on a vacation nxt week .
We prefer to ae a flight to Hawaii .
We lve to travel he and thee , but ts is the place I have wanted to go a since og tie o .
I hope it will be un there , nd thinking about h beautiul cnery maes me feel tha I mut go while I can . I ca n't at ill the day comes .
De Hadeel ,
Hw re o ding ?
d how is your family doing ?
I hpe you ae all doing well .
I received our letter yesterday and I was reall apy to hea fro you .
Following your letter , I wnt to tl you aout the apartmnt . It is ver beautiul , not big or small , u mdim - sized it two rooms nsde , a athrom n a dining rm n an external director categorze overlooking a beauiful view . I am sure he will lik it . to coe ad Tri condo b so , n the d , I ould say tat I miss ou so mc and I hope to s you son .
Tke care and goodbye ! ! !
My favore sport is siming .
That 's because wimming is rall fun .
Al , I thi swimming c kep you body fit and it can make the swimmer cool don whe it is a suny y .
T advice that I wod gie to someone w ants to start swimming .
It is not to be fraid of e water , otherwise he ca n't lan to swim , ad lso , hn hy g older , it will be more difficult to learn thn when te e young .
So , his is e advice tha I would give th .
English - I ind it great !
I ike learning English .
It 's my passion .
I like tling to friends nd I an communicate with other people .
I ca n't prnounce wl .
I do n't nw whre t stess of words is .
It 's so difficult .
So annoying en I ca n't cotinue learning English .
Michael s a little by . He ws 10 years d . He wet with is arent to is grandfater 's home .
The he as on h sre . There wa a tunnel and it 's hole was in th eep . At first he used to be olite d obey t thr orders .
ce a ay , he mt a gl cled Saah . Se was 9 ars od . Although Michael s iggr , Sarah could conrol him . ver ay hey went to the sea to pa and swim utl th sun s . Once a a Sara mde a challenge to Michael about wh could enter the tune from t hole in te se and et u of the the ole on the shore , but Michel ws afai . He wa asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he ad no coice , so he accepted the chalege . Srah told him she wold go first . S took a beath ... a dep ne , and strte to dive .
Micheal was afrai . He waited o Sara to ge t . He en to the hoe to see if he cm from te other side , but he oun no footprints . His mother cled h n he went oe sill thinking abou Sarah . It was ight and he ws afid to go there again . He wn to sleep . Michael closed the dr nd knew at that mmnt he a made a mistake .
A cen n heathy environent is aways acceptable to al kin peol .
O city is qie lan n habitable ; people are mre careu than before .
They e snceely managing waste and avoiding carbon - geerated prodct .
Also , ey oe th rls n regulations of te ciy uthorties .
Fit , e aste management systm of our aea is more effective han before .
r authrities now folow t scentific method or rubis contrl ; recycle , rus , alvanization .
As a result , he it - dwellrs ae nw enjoying a ore healthy environment .
It is a oe expeted riteria , wh he auhority step up many organiations working for waste anagement .
Due to ur he , people 's ork has become easier .
In ost case , not only my family members but also our neighbors like to avoid carbon - lvl - increasing produts tht are responsible fr temperare ncreases .
Many organiztions wo to raise the enviromental awarnes of pupils , so people r ore cncered bout environmental pollution .
Now , the goernmnt is workg to decras smoke emisons frm the mills and industry .
Scinists nd resercher joily work to reduce abon emissions .
Som progress hs been mae already ; it s implmentatin also ns at full ped .
Last but t least , t trit rule and reglations hav a more effective imact on aking a good on .
Or authorities re ore carful abu te ules ad regulations ; hence no - one ca isobe he rules .
The job nnounement on ur webpae immediaty grbbd my atteion , as it has always been my dre to or f th German - Nowegian Yoh Frum d the reqireents are just he skills tt I can provie you with .
The frt ime I took part in th youth foum as in 12 , and since thn , it has been a big prt of my ife .
nfluened by it , I started to lok for universties in Scandinavia .
Since 2013 , I ve been suying English an Marketig Communication at Univesity olege Syddanmar .
It is well acceted that shopping is nt alwys enjoyable , an he olowing are my resons .
Firstl , shopping ca wte so much of yor im .
Y a not realize it whe o shopping happily .
Bt you my id tha whe you notice you hve ma thins o still need to finish .
Seondly , shopping can ae you upset because of somthin you c not afod .
Yo may come acos somethin , uch as a luxuy bag , but you can not u it becus of he tih bdgt .
Furthermore , even if you just y something ou c afford , o may lso wate uch ore money .
So , based on what I have writen , I think shopping is nt always ey hap . We an easily find something ch happier than shping .
My favourite spot is ricet . I have loved cricket very ch since from my scool da .
Cricket is a ame of t an bl in whih there are w teams which have eleven layes on ea se .
Generally , we use a cricket ground whih ha an oval shape .
Travelling by car is certiny uh moe convenent thn travelling by tra or trollebuses , whch only llow te line of tir routes .
But thinking bout he envonment , traffic ams and sometimes the absene of parking spaces mks me cnge the statement .
On e n hand , u t ll your this in he r and div anywhere u want to . On t other and , if y feel not ell enough to drive , o have no money to uy a ar , or t downtown of your ci is closed to all mens of traspot xcept for public ons , the tam , bus or trolleybus is your wy out .
W CA YOU BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR NVIRONMENT ?
Good qestin about iem , how cn answer , if yu wan to i £ 100 .
I hve a few ea rcepts , how y can be a ll of £ 00 an how u cn hep the environment .
Fstly , I will describe how I n help my ocal environment a wht I do hat is useful for it .
I hve en a vry strict and kee ecologit or 10 yers .
I am interested in natal ways we can help in the local area .
I am a seriou fan of the envinment .
I descrie how it lookn my everyday life .
I tend to ride my bcycl from home to wok , I hv n't usd my ca or buses r a ln ie , because it is n ealthy and csts a lt .
A bicycle is for me the best way we a be fit a in a od condition ad aso eate les pollution without car .
Secondly , I save water an electricity , because te cots e quie expensive .
So , my bls for ater are nexpenive , becaue I have wappe havin a bath to taking a shwer .
Next pot is an isue , tht if I am no at home , I switch of h hating .
I switch on te oe heating fo a temporary period . When I am working rm home , I ue more energ to war my om .
Te nt pint is the fact that recycling gls d paper is very iportant .
I tend to collct thre different bos of waste , for papr , second f glass n plstc and third for th ret of my rubbish .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issu r ou live .
We arn to really seggate waste and , in te fture , ho we could , for exaple , use t ame lss a econd time .
Finally , we are oligated to cae about te nvironmnt , ecase it 's ur duty .
I think it is true , because a o of people like taveling by car .
Bt the e some probms , like ths - how will a lot of eole rive wh do n't like to drive or ca n't rive because they hve some roblems it teir ealth .
Anyway , a lot of peole will nee some transort in some cases , n private , but pubic , an we ca n't say tha this kind of transport will ot be useful .
Maybe , in small par
Some yars ag en te weater a oler he eple ate me meat with in . In fact , growig vegtabls ws o possible because of the weather .
In fc , tay people re ineested in drinking wie when attending prties or meeting with friends .
Ther re various opinions bou how foods lay an esetial rol in r lfestyl .
Potatoe and meat are poula foo among r peope .
Athough a healhy dt is qit expenive , oun people foll secia die in order to have a beter body sae or a hethy life .
Actuall , modrn ie has caused u palate to chane . Instance some people wh wr te majority of thei wkng hours rfer to ea st food mre .
r commitments cause us to fget urselves ad our halh .
It y cas increasing weight or redcing the nmber of neesary vitamins which ou ody nees .
In my view , he reao r hvng moe energy duin t day les in th diet prgram whh is followed by each of us .
In conclusin , if we ake a ecisin to ive longer , folloig a sutable dit is crucial and unavoidable .
e members of my famil are nowhere near my best frend .
You ee , I do t s members of one 's amly as one 's bes friends bcuse , personaly , I id n't n still do n't he a grt relationship with aone in my biologcl family .
A th m have affected my way of thiking an acting in difernt situations .
So no , the embers of my biological family are n't my best friends .
Dear Sir ,
Thank yu for giving me the chance to pas on thi information as per you request .
In my town , there are many rgulations tt are enforced by te municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventig aimals like sheep , orses , cow .. etc , from being in he ton and in h ppulated areas .
Besides , u to the criica ituation we ar experencing an facing in Iraq .
As we ar uly depenat on individual generator , these re caing multiple problems with e weather due to thir smoke , il n gas lft behind , in addition to oie , of course , bcause hy ae the ain source of e 18 continuous hors of nose .
Pple , especially generator owners , ae started using Cnopies , using vy long pipes to et rid of as much as they can of h pollution .
Oher residential areas , using heir potential to maintain the environment by planting tre , roses , hve numrous green spaes .
Also , rcyclin the trushes is a vry intelligent a to kep th ton clen an get mulipl uses out of te products in idustr lines .
on the ther hand , e eldest pope in our ciy ve many social responsibilities and are encouraging h youngt pple to aticipate in th anual gadenig festival fo the indoor and otdoor gardes .
Finally , we always believe that oe hand can not clap .
Although each houseold c make a al difference by aking god care of the ea in front of thi houses and keping it clean .
Hope hat this inforation is usefl
Regrds .
ichael ad Marcuangolo we frieds , b in schol hey were enemies . They had amazing battles in th playground .
Oe a , at th d of classes , rcuangolo waned to t Michael , d Miche ran away .
Michael stopd and hit hs enem .
Marcuagolo fell in the street .
A car crashed into im and Mruangolo started bleeding .
Michael took his eemy to he hospital .
Thre w a docto in te emegenc room ad Michael exlained the poble to im .
h dctr was angr and Mihael cried .
They took Marcangolo to a room n u the boy in a b .
The doctor sked fo hs pho number a he phoed hi paents .
ichael unestood tha he mus take aw .
Mihel cled t oo and ne at ht moment he hd mae a mistake .
As so as I ae to university , my life changed .
efore I started universt , I d n't a ot of fries nd I w so lonly , u after I startd to study at n Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfrtable n sociable .
In my clss , I have a group of close friens , and the tret me very well .
I'll ve a friend at university because I scared strnger .
The first ay I studid at the niersity , I made a lt of fiens .
We t arund together n talk bou wee thy lie .
At the weekend , I li gong r a wak nd getting som fres air with my friend .
We laugh d ea together .
I was ey appy at the time , ad I ave t frid sineely .
I expect we 'll be bst friends forve .
It a a wonderful experince or me .
I w walking to a fotbll training sessin with my friend Mcha last week .
It s rainin and it a drk .
The weather wa orrible .
We were aking bot t last match . We we discussing our faults , whn suddenly we heard a loud noise .
It turned ut tha a s hit a orry ust in frn of us .
T pepl ee screaig .
Some passengers ere ht d we .
I a to lp them a we also called an ambulance .
h plice cm after 5 minut and te ambulance too .
It s a scary situati .
We were shocked !
Hi Isabel
I ie in Deria which is octed in Duba .
It is a small and quite city .
I ke t Idian resaurants in the ci . In addition , the infrastructure nd road ar well rganise .
obeying to the statemnt abov , it 's ncesary to say that this is a er interesting topic , because it 's closl elated to actual problems , suh as problems with the nvironmet .
ha is to say , ta ost cars re not ren , amely ; currt cas ar not esigne to have a go impact on the environment .
Regarding th reson for he describe situation , it is due to the strong economic interest of ol cmpanie , whch re aimed at ettin as muc ney as possibl , egardlss of the dmge that tey are causing to scies of lants and nimals .
Thus , the question is , traelling by cr is so mu mre conveient for whm ?
Fo multinationals maybe ?
Or r some consumers th can afrd a toxic ad expensive ca
, ve tough , when th ublc ransprt ges so rowded , it is indeed ls harmfu , in ters of the imac on the environment , because it means more iniviuals in e me plae , wheea each ne ar mens increasng plution .
Traveling by pubic tnsport wld be more conenent ith a good conscience of protect th plnet .
The idea of banning cars om he centr of all majr cits has avantages and disadvantage .
The go things out nt aowing ars in it centres are ha the tffic will be rdued , tps will be aster and he polution will be redced .
On e other hand , t ba thigs e that you have to rk outid of the cit enre and tse aeas will be rowde , you ca n't visit places with ur car and eple with physical probem cul he difficulties with public transport .
In my opinion , it is a good idea , but perhaps he restriction could ae exceptions or certan people an cetan days n tmes , or if o ned to visit a particular pac with your car , ou culd ak or special permisson .
In h villg where I live , thre is a o of vegetation . or ht reon , we ty to protect the environmn . n of he thigs we do is to do minenance eve wek to te vegetation zone , heckig if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we each t ounger generatio envirnmentalist actios so hey do n't throw cs , per , or candies on the foo . They a ls help the oder peoe . There ae cases whr a perso hros garbage on th street or on e vegetation . To aoi that happening agin , we have a unishment that is to y soe moey . If they do n't , thy wo n't be allowed to ener the village park and zoo again , unles he are vsitrs . In that case , we tell hi or her th way we live in h village and , we ve im or he adice to keep a bauiful pae without garbag .
Anote environmentalist aion we s is to protect e wildlife by akin cae of em . For ht we ve a ae centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protecin centers where pole cn visit and lea abo thi . To sum up , our vilge is vy ocusse on takng ca of te ntural orld that surrounds us .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am one of the studet at elemark Univsity Cllge .
I am studying on the Literture a Lanuae bachor pgramme .
I am so interted in this major .
u it is o relevat to my future lf .
If it is possible , I wul lke to change my study programme .
It is rm h bachelor prgramme to the 1 yer rogramme .
oud you help me please ?
Sincerely
Lian Glai Hu Pate
Studetnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
ow are ou ? I have just receied yur ltte .
In my county tere are ay interesting plac to vit and it is a ountry to improve with your job , as , lo , it is esy to find a jb . The are mn ob d may difeent types of bs .
hi country has mny interesting places to vst . If ou want to ave an adventure , yo he to go to th aconcagua in Mendoza .
If yo want to hve un , y can go to Parq de la Costa . There ae ny interting rollercoasters .
And if y want to go to e bet museum of ar in Argetin , ou hould go to Malb .
ee you sn ,
ichard .
In my opnion , public transprtaion is the os convenient y to trave . Te air polluti is oe reao ha I prefer ublc transportation .
In ddiion , it is moe economical than ownig a car .
You c save time and go anywhee more quickly by public transport .
Nwadays , in shoo , we learn a lt of subjects which we use mre or lss in our lives . ome of em are realy impotan , t some of them are ust a wast of time .
On e one hand , we had n't to age subjects by thi
I was born in Danderyd 's osptal in 2001 .
When I a bor , I weighed 36 grams an I was 52 centimeters tall .
I have one big brother , he is 14 yas ld and goe to Mörby kola .
I hav onl lived in one place in my fe .
I like arkour cause it 's really fun . I also like guia nd plyin video games .
Te best plac I 've visited is probably Orlando because I like all he musemen park and rollr coasters .
My favorite is e Hulk roller coaster at univesl stuos .
My favorite foos e pizza , taco an kebab .
Te gen topic to wrie about is a common ssue nowadays in my country .
Public trasport is t conveient r most he people because very peron wants to arrive at his destination on time , but wen using public transport it is vey dficult to rrive on tim .
VE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
It al bean in 181 hen Fredy Fazbear 's Piza opened . he establishment is a pzza resaurnt but hi pia retauran had obots . In 81 here we for animatonics and their nmes ere Chica , Foxy , onni and Frey .
Three rbot at a specific or peform a show wi istrumets like a band .
oxy th pirate perfors a show on e own in her pirat cove . e children love Foxy because he plays ih he ks , answering quesios but the pirates d telng a pirate story .
When Freddy began to sing , te is screed and te ag ith Fredd the amous Freddy Faber 's Sog . Bony played te drms and Chica serve h izza to the cildren , Ts year h stablishent closed because ty foud the body of a dead child .
In 13 , he pizza resaurant epened with more security and robots with a more friendly appearance .
The establishment sought a security guard o d to gud he pizza rstaurant at ngh . I am the security an .
Whe I s t advertisement fo the job , in that tim , I thogt tat it would be vr asy . I clle he number , they give me t information , nd I accped .
he les r simple : just lok at the laop , watch the nimatronics , wi untl 6:00am and clos t door if you need to . I aid OK .
My first iht was ey bause I ony watche te scre a passd from camera to amera a nothing strange happeed . I cul ny hea fooseps ad noises .
My second and thid nigts wee er strage because on h cameras the animatronics moe as if they wanted to e to my om and do soething to me .
The fourth and fifth nigt re the ost because the animatonics we very active , they clse and oped e doors becue they were tring to get into my room .
But I manaed to survive the igt .
fter toight , I et the plac d never wen back to redy 's Pizza .
De Lind ,
My name is Lorenza .
My hegt is 1.65 metres .
My har is brown and my es ae dk . I wil arrive at e Cenral Station at eleven o'clo and I il wa a ed ot and a yellow scarf .
See you ter .
Thak you very much .
Lo
Hi find ,
Th holiday I am in Brcelona wt my girlfried .
It is an azing city , it is raly fun .
Yu can s monumnts , theatr , beches n diffent shops .
It is the ost European city in Spain .
Rotta becos first spacecrt to orbit .
Ate a long flight , it reahe an orit that is a very log way u of the solar system .
NASA relied that it was a really amazing achivemen that Rosett left e soa syse .
hs may be the greatest leap snce Astrong andd on th Mo .
NASA replied hat Rosetta ill ke on it journey travelling across the Unverse .
Travelling by car is becoming a comortabl ator nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we wan , we ca srt at our esied time .
hs wi graually ill public transport .
One more reason is that banks provide loans at a lwr interest rate , whih aks pople u on to imprve their comort level .
Pepl 's livs wil not chang if they do n't hang thmslves . Everyoe wants to improve his lfe to make it tter but ho can we do tha without doing anhing ? We must start wth edcatio and halth , whih ar e mot important things to be ette .
Eeryone needs to foc t only on his eduation u also on others .
To len , to ed , to be kowledgeable .
We nd to focs on our inner skils a improe them .
No progress wll happen without a plan . ach person has a dream he wat to achive , u firs of al he needs to p a ln in place nd also a cognitive one .
r great exaple of change is emany .
Aer the Secnd Wrd r , they improved themselves in 50 years and becme one of te most develoed countis .
In my city is vr usu to find a lot of dog shit in the road .
It is a bg probem and it is almt a miracle ot to ste in o .
e soltio , I tnk , woul be to fine owne .
I think that is n a prblm of awareness .
I think people now tat their dogs liter he it , but ty prefer ot to do anything .
It is aier an mor convenient .
If they d to pay , ten they oud do it .
In gneral , th city looks clean .
Th cleaning service ok well .
Nrmaly in the ngt .
In the town al , he care abou he iy cene .
There r plants verywhere .
Madrid a many pars n many trees .
hes ao can be a problm , becase recently they are fallin wn cause the are ld .
The town ha s cratd a rup that ork sudying the tree s ' a to prevent further fal
We ould properl la or ou cit to poperly look after it .
Atually , there are many huge prolem in ou it just as the is no proper drainage system f it , nor any specific caal systm through which we c propery clean our city .
There is anothe issue that is ue to heavy traffic bt f rods that are wide enouh so th most peoe re distributed du to these issues .
Dear Mrs. Ashy ,
I oe al is well wi ou .
I would like to invt ou to apply for an exciin jo opportunty to spend your weekends workig in my ce .
Your posiin will be manaer of Gren Peppr cafe , so u wl be responible for managing all levels d use your eerience in order to improv our caf .
lso , y will manage appox . 16 people and yo ill have a ee and to dea th hem as ou like .
We are loong o a salary rang between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 day p week .
I op you ccpt my offer as soon as ossble , and I hp to s you wh u saf as ell .
u addres is 12st , Arizon , United Sttes of America .
tl : 001012345678901
Thanks in advance .
Amr Hamdani ,
CEO , Green Pepp ca
Istanbl is located in Tkey .
It is th capital it of tuky a it has a larg area . There ae a lot of peole ivig in Istanbul .
Istanbul budings are so simple and have a dffernt desgn ha othr cities .
I thk it will be cange to becoe a ubile city n contain ore high buidings .
What erer Whter it cange or ot , I wi always like it moe tha a place in the world .
Hello ,
My am is Aleandr Martín . I 'm 30 yars old . I have had aut yur oganzation a I woul like to wor r yo .
It 's known tat t different recently situation that hee ar now ih young people .
I use to go to a Chrtian school ee in Granada . In ht chol here re good vaes , like sharng or helping ote pele .
Moreover , my parent , who e teachs , tauh me w I ould educate , r several eas .
I k melf If I ha th possibility to change he world , wuld I tr to do ll th in your hands .
I aways think this , because teengers are the future of o plane .
So , if you ned a erson lik me , I wod like to wr with young eope .
I 'm lokng frwrd to your reply .
Best wihes .
Alejando
I was bn in 2001 on August the 10th in andryd .
I have to little brothers , Gus an Soren .
I have alwa lived in Danderyd .
My favrite sports/ hobies are windsrfing d sailing .
h best lce I have eer ben is on an slan in the east aripelago in Sweden .
There ae not many trees tere and a o of hig montains .
The is a lo tt I 'm pro of in my lfe , u actually I do n't ko wha I 'm most prod of .
A vy g wekness I hae is at I an forge neary eveything , especially homewor and the school stff .
Thr wors ha scribe me rally el re :
hapy , funn and sometimes bothersome .
A thing that I ould like people to know is tt it 's not a good ea to wake me wh I 'm sleeping .
I do n't atualy know .
Someay I wan to go to Bali , because it seems le a really nice ple .
hree hins that I could do with is a bke , to be sic d bad computers .
My favorite movie is The Wolf of Wall Steet .
I do n't have a favorite book .
My favorite song is Prayer in C .
My favorite singer is AVICII .
Simpsons or Famly u .
My aorite od is ilet of beef wih bea a pommes .
My forite restauant is TG Fridays .
When I lered to windsur .
If yu have a cr , u probably think that travelling by ar is better tha by bus , but the a a lot of people who do n't have a ca , so hey are usd to gin by bs ad , for tm , tis way of travelin has become re convenient , because they ha dne it sce the were children .
Terefore , whtever inion you have is the reut of the social situatio in ich ou li .
Most eope say th using pblc transport is better han using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and bete r the evironent . As for me , I thi that cars are easer n an affordabl way to travl etween placs , because as are here atime and so ner to or hom , unie pblc transportation , which you have to walk to to rech in most countries . And ao , cars ar avalable all the tie . Yu can go at 4 am an no one wll say anything , bcuse it 's yours , but mo public transporation is avalable only for the aylight hours ad a ew hour at niht , in an emergency ituation for exaple , what wll yu do if u do not have your own c ? Yo id is sik , or yo wf or your eldery parents . And , in genera , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is abl to lp the poor d homeless peole out there , h really nd more help and id ro e ubli comuniy . We merely ask the goernent to iprove the streets an t traff light systems , and moe perol sttios and parking in the srees , to be ale to dri and move aoud easl and sfely and in a sot amon of time .
Everyne uses public transport every day .
It is difficult to imagine how we could liv without it .
But in spite of his , a lot of peple hav a dream about onig a ca .
Most people a that usng a a is more convenient than using public transport .
Of cure , private transpor a a lot of advantages , ke , y do n't ned to ait for a us at he stp or you can go eveywere o wa at a time convenen for you .
Dr Ae ,
og time no se .
How e you ? Y now , it has been a long im since we hae een each other . Why do n't we go to he cima ?
We re going to lok for a omatic movie or a science fiction movie .
So , wht time will you inish chol ?
I will wait or y at the cinm enance .
leae spond at yur earliest convenience ,
est ,
Phng .
27-dresses is a omanic comic and funny film . It is recommended or l ages .
I saw it it my famiy ; my childre and my usban . We had a good afternoon .
h flm is abot a gl . Sh is nvited to many weddings n she is a maid of hono at all of them .
e s twenty - een maid of honor dresss . Meanwhile , sh fal in love wt a boy wh is very handsome , but he works for a agazine an he has written abut weddings in the iy . He is a gd writer , and he unknowns hat .
Te plot is ll cnstructed , it becos qit grippin from te beginni .
The main characters ae ery yng n enjoable .
This story develops a mixture of thees such as courage , amily vaes , friendship and lo .
In conclusion , if u at to have a good tim , o sould go to th cinm to see this film wt your family , becaus it is an ntersting n emotiol film .
Nowaday , we have a lot of evironmental problems .
Transport pllution is one of the mos dangerous .
Amst ery fami hs more than one car .
As a resut , roads ae overloaded d lng taffi ja dama the ar .
On t on and , that quatity of car ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a personal right to ve ne or nt .
On the oher ad , the government houd tink abo some easures o protecting he enviroment .
F ample , ntroducin sevral secial dat in a yer for sing ny puli ransport .
Alo , another improvin mease might be incrasin gren reas in cities ad towns .
Riers n seas are in danger to .
Unfortutely , many tourits do n't care but eeping persnal spaces ( on t rir bn or on t beach ) clean .
Factories damage neary areas n waer extremly badly .
In my opinion , firstly , new buildings on e banks must be forbidden at all .
Secondly , uls for tourits out caring fo the environment must be very stict .
I think nature wl get te most iortant benefits if evebody takes ce of his o space in t es wy .
Wh it comes to health , it ds ovr physical and mental status o .
Sport is a unique w by which a person c maintain his or h health , incuing oh aspecs ha e hysical ad mental .
My fvorite sport is Hokey .
The diffeen forats of ricke llw me to maintain my halth base on the time avilale after earning my daily brad and , needless to say , ter sharing prcous ments wh my lovely family .
I ften participate in frindly maces to keep my phyial abiliti up to the mark .
While putting a lot of stress on pyical abilities , it os wiout sayin at h day can be tirng if oe dcdes to play he loger version of the gme , but it is qualy challenging as to h you wl keep up your menta status .
It des reqire yu to elore yor rain ile developing strategies agnst the oponnts .
It becomes esental to create a spontaneous Pln B when lan A did not wk .
Abve all , one has to lan to minain sportsmnship , irrespecive of e result or eated moments on the fiel .
In ody 's world , television is very important .
Bt sometimes it an also afect us in a negaiv wa . Most peole around the world can see ny ew lve . Media is more helpful fo eple . Television is also se as a study resource , o example o smart classes ,
online courses etc . elvision is a ver mportant medium . We an improve our language wth e elp of the television . Now we can e
tht so many ils ith t ep of television and we can see otr programs also . to the present wrl witou television
no one a live as a huan beig so that we can sy that televsio is ore important .
Michael was a erious boy , he had e ability to behave in a god way , help is parents wit daily ativities .
Mchel 's parnt were bsolutel poor , hy hardly id school fees for hm , although they did ther bes to e im be educated .
One dy , Mihal was going to school fr s final examination .
Suddenly , an old crying a eavy load hit him a fell dn .
Wh he go up he insulted him a rie to beat hm . Wen he returned home , he closed te door and knew at that moment he hd mae a mistake .
My na is Ntaia Refana .
I am from Lviv , Ukrine .
I am 30 .
Your summer camp is th bes place to demonsrate me .
I ca speak Elish , Russia ad Ukrainian .
I am a relabl , easy - going , hrd - working peron .
I am repared to ok after chldren .
I have woked as a teaher f ten years .
I am also a voluneer for a youth chur club .
All my free tie , I ork wi hildren and tach th .
I usually go campig with childre to the mountan .
On holiday we do different sprt , cook on he fre and ae u .
I am th right prso fr you .
Helo!I am a 32-er - old girl fro Italy .
I real ove taig ca of myself , and so , last ear I dcided to go alking every a in the eveing .
It akes 1 hou d at h end I am very app a in a go mood .
I le walking near he hrbour of my city , so I can have a look at e beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the can win , and so , I take dp breths .
If you walk at the seaside in the evenng you can lo ve the possiblity to e the sunset over the sea .... tha 's great emoion ! I fee good in tha a and even my soul can hv a breath .
I suggest everybody should ae the ame evening wl . You just need a ir of comfotable hoe !
Tee is no fuue or public tanspor , because travelling by car is ceaer tha pubi trnsport .
Comuter pfer to travel by car compared to pulic transport .
e main reason o pele no liking to travel by pulic trnsport is ovrcrowdin .
Travellng by rain is very expensive nowadays .
People prefer the ar rater thn publc transot du to sexual harassment .
Dear Fedric ,
As you kw , I worked in a youth camp as yr , so if you want to ak this job I would like to s me things hat wil hlp yo .
On the poitive side , th size of the grps is really small .
I had 25 children and it is a gd nubr for working wl .
This kid of ob is very useful if you want to imrove your Englh skils .
I recommend this exeriene .
On the negative ie ar the labor conditions . h moe is n enough to pay for the cost of living in Lnon n in addition e ony r " travel expenses " , in my case , d n't arie until November !
Cn o believe it ?
nway , I recmmed that o te t job for Augst , because I have heard ha in that onth he organization is bett th in July .
I wih you luck and a good experience .
Rgads , lx
etr looked at his watch and kew that he ha to do something immdiately ha he hd planned to eks ag .
This evnt as his ister 's birthy . " w is he suitble oment to announce her surprs " , Peter ad .
The peer started , " happy irthay my lovely ister " , peter sad , d gave her a ca ey .
Sr was so amazed a hugged r brother and tanked him .
After that , t celbrations began d a lot of heir friends came , eac one pesened a if to ara . he was really delighted and , sddenl , h doorel een rang
It was e old fied ia .
Sara stood and stad at er or a few minuets nd hugged her and bowed her for comin and thaed e . Tey had n't seen ech her for sevea years since they ad finished their studies . Really it was a gat moment nd the stay speaking together abut my thins and cal the et moment that collect them together , say seaing until he evenng , and areed to vst their college at the eekend to recall h best memries . It was etr w aranged this celebration nd cntacted Tia and prepared for all tis to happen . aa nee forgot tht d .
Nowadays , each family has severa cars to use for hir daily needs .
It 's muh faster and much more convenient than using pubic transportation .
The only drawback that comes along with using cars is limited ful resources .
Hoever , it sem that eah d a new a of extractng fuels is being explored .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is he political , economic ad ultural cenr , but al a city with a long istory .
It was the cpial of e Ming dynasty n Qing ynsty , so it ha a lo of ancient architecur , lie Ming Tombs , he ummer Paae , he Temple of Heaven , th Foridden City .
Te Forbidden City , speciall , is the largest architectural complex which is the bes - kept in th current .
It . It represents the highest architectural achievemen in ncint China .
T Great Wal is located to t north of Beijng .
It is mor than thousnds of mile og .
Building stared in te Qin dynsty . s purpose s to esit the Huns , but ow it is a rea ple to vsit .
hes achitecture also represns the culture of China .
Beijing is alo a ciy whc h man kinds of scks and foods fr different countries .
Yu can tast Peng Du , Sichuan pic dice cicken , Hen sted noodles and Yue dishes ...
Now Beijng is a large international cit , it wil inhet t eleents of history ad develop mh better .
" Th reity of transportation is hat it is future rented .
If we 're planning or what we have , then we are behind e cuve " , Anthony Fo .
Transportation hs a major role in a society as ife reoles around motin .
When we talk abut conveiene , comort n saety , then prvate trnsport is re liely to be considered .
In certain merency cases , running fr a bus seems harer than jumpi into yur wn r .
Private transor rael is totally on your ow , so thee remains no esion abou reaching a certain stop at a pecific te .
Traeling privately aes one free of issues like harassment .
Although ay tranport proider ar tyig to eradicate this problem , it tll remains .
Pubc transpor can cue problems for passengers due to increasing aes .
eope ften tend to go on teir own , as private vehicles , sc as cs can be bought easily wth loans provid by bank .
Looking on a wier pn , cars a avilable these as acordig to public dean .
For instanc , fu - efficient , luxrius and economical cars ar easily available .
With the advancement of he automoble idusry , ulic transot will not be considered as the irt hoce in he comin years .
T above discussion sugests that people find private transpor a safe , more convenient n cofortabe wa of travelling .
The cy was deeted tha niht , as Michael a I wandre through the nrro streets .
It had been aning earlier nd he ul mon son brightly on the e stones .
Suddenly , we heard the sound of runnng footsteps .
Then her a a cry an e footsteps stopped .
Nevousy , we walked ak .
Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in e street .
We ere ing to see what hpened , and we d somethin to see .
There was an l granny who a en beaten up .
We tre to gve her help but she was so heavy and we could t do that . Then we tried to fn ep ,
t nobody was penng their dor .
On Luckily , I ad a mobile phone , bu Miche said ha we neee to run awa because we id not know whether those ulies wre roun h cornr .
My plan was to phone my dad n an ambulance and I did hat .
After we came to he mbulanc , plice , the poice came an one patrol caght those men who did that to that granny and the othr parol alke to us .
I found out that t granny 's name s ose and she ad had an operation afte the incident .
To o relef , se was saved and whe we wnt to te grany 's room , we saw a smil on e face .
We were alo hpy , t in ichel 's head her wee a lo of thng .
He knew that if we ad rn away at hat moment when th gran was on the gron , sh would ost probably di .
Mihael closed the door and kw at that mome he had ma a mistake .
My name is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years old . I 'm arrid and I do n't av children .
I oved wth my faily from Joan to Saudi Araa in 1995 .
I began studying when I came to Saud Araba in thr grade .
I grew up in Al assi gion and I had te bst time of my life in Al Qasm .
I hv a big family contains from my ater and mother a I have seven brothers and tree sisters .
I studied at Al Qassim Universiy a my major was Microbiology .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a j at the Mistry of Health an I ve been working ther sne 210 .
I like a o of activities , such as travllin , reading , layin soccer n watchng vies .
I ill beliee at puli trnsort will be ore opular in t futue due to the benefs it provide f us . Travelling by ca is more covenient bu expensive .
Travelling on public transport is cheap .
On te her hand , ot everybody can w a a .
Public traport is suitble for thoe ho ha no car of thi own .
Besides , ublic trnsport il reduce traffc jams .
Toay , goerments ocus on h to iprove public trasprt and they also inrase their spport .
So public tranpot is impoved continuously .
I hink it il be te favourite transportation r all of us .
My favorite sor is volleyball .
This sport causes fesh n jolly me and I thin exercse wil cause me to be healthy . If you start vlleyball , o nee a ball an a piece of ground that is parated by a net .
hopping takes place the biggest part especially for wmen , bt somtimes it is o so enjoyabe and I agree wh this statment .
First of all , shopping is not satisfying en o are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is st yu personality that oe n't lke crowds of people walking aroun .
Secondly , if yo can t fn wa you are looking for , you wil not am wih oy .
What is more , you will no be satisfied with the shopng if y ac mon ad can not afford to u e ting tht you rall wan .
To um up , I would like to say that , if ou are in bad mo or lack mony , then o wil no be able to take pleasure in it .
Human lfe h changd a lt in recent years , and it seems hat this wil happen faster every day . Technology advance ad the changes in or way of thinking are adping to a different ind of peopl with each human generation .
Technology avanes way oo fast nd it is rell difficult to guess wa ind of stu or artfacs ere will be fifty yas frm now , but we can guess some idas , ik flying cars , smartphones e se of a sal ece of per , really tn laptops like a qarter of an nh , clotes that cean themslves or change olor n shape , healthier fod , smarter domestic appliances .
All this ill help people to lie easily , bt only to have mor tme to work , because the yp of min that regns in th time wil focus on companies ad making moy and spending it . This is te easn wy a t of obs are changing to home offices and te firms re giving mor nd more facilities or hei employees to be more efficient .
Finally , the kind of life at we il see in ffty years fo w wil have a lt of stuf to el eope to he a mo omfortable , easr ad fastr wy of life , but this will be only to me oe ney and consume mr and mr . Also , tngs will be faster of ase to make pople change thi possession more ten n stimulate cosumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing uber of people are ncerned abot h phenomenon of farmland , forest and etand diapearing because of om long - tm hma acivities , r insance hosng a transprt networks are uilt , destroying h balance of te environmnt .
Fistly , it is clar that more oses and transort netwos re convenient for or people . What is kno to us is that h population owth is a ig problem which reaes a nee o more space for lvig in .
nd building more transport neworks is as a bneft fo us , for example , e high - ped ral can hoten h time spent on traveling , while th animals y not welcome it .
In order to comma the sycology of the ur , it ws ecessar o me to know the n trens in UI
esgn .
Theefor , ih a oo UI design , ny people will hae a good user experience .
A go er exeriene wll be good for collecting data a be good o makig decisions in commer .
Once upon a tim hee a a lite ir living in a smal town .
e wa ry h , senstie and emarrassed .
e dreamt bout lving in a bi iy here no one would know er .
She just wanted to id from ths wrld .
Her ae s La .
Lo gew up an becm a very prett adl .
She moved to Kyv , grduaed fm univerity , and starte to work .
Although she tred to hide , she became a get and amus model .
he had even got a boyfrnd , Michael .
She oved him ..
He w hr firs n , be frind and lover .
He was everything to r .
He loved e for e fame .
He wane to own al she ha .
om tim to ie , it emed to him that he oved her .
Bu it wa a very brief emotion .
Onc , Lora cme to him and od m tha she s ck .
S cried .
B Michael was n't worried .
La noticed his coldness .
She ase him to go .
h was kild by hs colnes .
He wt o .
Mchael closed th door nd knew at hat momn he ad made a mistake .
Footbl is my favrite sport , so I py more attention to it than to any other thing y igh think of .
I have ben followig seies of football events in the world at large .
I tok hs time to command pope who sacrfice thi entie lve for te beterment of sortsmanship .
With all that , I do have my avorite ub , team an country as wll .
An also hae my favorte layers , Ronaldinh , Messi and E'o .
My favorite club is Barcelona d my favorte country is Cameroon altogh I am frm Libri .
I know football do n't go by setiment but the love of choice and wh esie ou the best .
What really maes me love Baelona is that they play otball , instead of running around .
They always bu talented plyers that wll ke the club impre tactically . People always a tis ; " Barcelona oes n't by player " , it 's o lk they lack money .
We do essential puchasng of payers to save or money .
Yo ha to av money fo plaers to enable ou to pay thm on tie .
As normal huma beins , ou have to know how to spend money , wre , wn to spen it . It 's o because yo hav more money ten you lavis it .
So , i love my tam and my staff d how they n things in my tea .
T fats should not be hiddn . Barcelona is he est lub team in the world , whether you lke it or no .
I am wting about th international sports monthly mgazine I hve se .
I njoy hi sport becaue it is comfortale and eleant d u never hu oursef badly .
Furthermore , yo lso have a lot more confiden in yourself .
h advice I would ive to omone h is starting his sprt , is ,
first of all , yu shold eat helthy fod to av a good ysique , do more exeris a sleep less .
Mt peopl wo play tennis re always read nd proud of themselves .
Ever y I wae up at 05:00 AM nd go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach hom at 13:00 , then I have my lunch and rela for an hu .
In t evening I watch movies .
We al knw tha dong sort is very importt to keep our ives ealthy an happ .
My favourite sport at the momet is walking , d I pefr waling in the morning and before sndown .
I also lie walking in public stets , gardens , lubs n on h sore . en I wa to go nywere , I do my best to go on fot .
I have ked this sport since my childhood becase I fun th I a think about he go mes whe I was cild and rlax th myself to think carefully about my present an future .
The Walking n also fitness and mae the kee stronger .
It would be interesting to ccomany your est frind or yur beloved to njo ou time .
I advise a ople h sffer fr laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one ou nd afe that they will lke this sport .
Hi !
I want to begin wi on thig : I do n't hae a favorie spor or anything ik ht , but I ealy lke to do execses r my body .
I thik it 's imprtat to maintain our tone and , of coue , our health .
Because when we do a sprt or some simple exrcises we fel how the boy reeive eery . Ta is happning wth me .
B we have concret examples , whic we should follow and which alrey dmonstrate tht nhing is imossile
, like Naia Comaneci or Gic Hagi . Thy ar o pople h scceedd in teir pot t with perseverance d ambition .
They e pasionae about what thy do . More specifically , those people are in love th their jo .
It is an important thn to loe or like a lot what we do , because tha is the key .
The pleasure and or wilpower will hel yo to succe and to get th et cors .
In my opinion , his subject , sport , one 's favorite prt is ne of te mo leasat o me .
I lv to go joggng in te mornn an then to do a lot of exerciss for my egs an arm .
If I do ha , o e a is one of my best days . It 's a managed day for me .
In conclsion , I do n't hae a faorite spr . I lke to do a ittle of verthing nd I do n't rfuse anyhing .
Flori .
This crime hapned about six yers g .
It was in Italy , in ergamo to be precise .
Yara finished ne of her trning sessions .
er parents , within af an hour of he traning 's end , bcam worried .
T parents alld her , but he di n't aswer .
Then , when she dd n't return me , e parents reported the disappeaanc of their daughter .
he ivestigation were concentrated bov a on he construction ite of apelo .
In Decembr 01 , Fikri was arrested by the pice .
Three month after her disappearance , she w und ad in he stream .
Definitely , public rnsportation dos n't ave any future .
A god poportio of h poulation prefr to buy a car to go to schol , the worplace , chuch in a faser and mre omfortable way .
vry year , ousands of cas a sold and th emnd is growing .
Probably the only opportuniy to change this will be to meion to pole he pportuity to save enrgy an rduc the environmental pollution if we use public trasportatio .
Telvisin has many advantages .
It no nly entetains , but also eucaes .
There are ay educatinal rogrammes hich we can ge benefits from .
Good films can also entrtain ad ducate at the sam ie .
Football is he mot popula sport followed in Itay d in Europ . In ft , there are some importan trnaments in whch all important European teas participate . They r caled the " Chapions Lage " d the " Europa League " . ootball is a ea port . In fc , eveyboy particpate in this sport wihot ecluding ayboy .
Pope start to play football on a reglar pitch . After some time , they will be red , bu it is normal becaus their muscls re not strong enough f running roun te pitch man tims .
If u trn oftn , your muscles ill ecome very strg .
Anothr thing you do not he is ll ntrol .
. Ball contro is e cntrol you hav wh you u with the ball .
Yu an improv it by rning with the ball and , grdually , you will mprove your ball ontro .
H to make a rea mistae ?
I 'll tell you a stor that happned at sool .
Any norm iny day when you a a teenager in school nev ever ed , bt one y was a better day thn any ter orma rainy a becau I learnt how to ive as a powerful smart girl wh used to let hers use her because e ante to fel needed by r friens u id not have many friends in school excet " Michael " .
All my class called me cre ug geek , but stil little good only he a tecer anted fresrch ro the or te xms
wee in the nt ople of days , but ihael tri to so me doig that because they never became my frends d I was better at doing those things .
That day , I a us fnshed helping a youner student to unerstan i math sson . My riend Mihael asked me to do the sam and to give er an answer shet fr l the final exams . I was shokd that she wanted that from me . Away , I gathered up my courage ad told er that wa wrong ad beome to do ta in coleg Better to start studying n and I 'd help her to study e hr lessons ( I wa very sad to ay no & tat she sked me that ) . h became vey ngry and told me I houl elp her because we she was my bs frien . Then I td e why I h tl r NO and se said " I ht ou . "
Michael clse the door a nw at that momet he had made a istae .
Pollution as a problem in the enviroment
Yes go , pollution was not a big problem to eal with .
echnolgy was not as advanced as it is no , so th amount of waste was mall .
Our ancestors used to live an unselfish lfe .
Nowadays , polutio is a prolem that we have to ole beore it gets worse .
A ne me of rasport mst be found .
We re used to drivng a car and we do not noice hw uch damage we caue . We sould strt uig new wys of geting around , such as cycling or walig .
Not oly will this slve pollution , it will also el us to g rid of obesity .
We shud find ew alternatives for getting arond in our routines .
Rver nd seas are victms of modernization .
We hav no ia of h much damag actories case to the rivers a sa .
In fct , actories ' was goes nto h rivrs .
The government should ntroduce a new a to correct this dmage .
As we a see , modernization is causing aage to rivers an seas .
In my opinion , pollution is a problm in the entire world , not ly in modern cotries , so we shoul try to recycle more . Any ind of help is necessay .
Dea Grandoter ,
How e u ?
I aen't en you fr a long time .
I he a new beautiul air of soes .
They re white with bak d le lnes .
I love tem .
My mher ve me them fr my birhday .
I 'm going to ceebrat my birthda next week at my huse .
Would you like to co ? I 'm going to invite all my iends and family .
It 's gin to be mazin .
Se ou soon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am very app because the me ent very fs .
I dd n't ave an news abou you .
o cud come er when you have time because my oue is your house .
While u r with me , y il do curricuum vit and the we will trvel around my country a we wll becme go workers .
This ide is fantastic , although it wi be very compliaed .
owever , t best otio is th y me her a ten I ill introduce to you my friends d tei fathers , because they n help u with fiding a jo .
On the ohe hand , I do n't recommend travelling , because it is vy expensive .
If you coe here , you il s a lot of the county n y cou trav around the wold .
But it is ou decision . Thee options ae my advice .
I wil ok foward to ur news about yor decision , u I am very xcite , because if u ae wth me , I will have the st sumer of my ife and I wl be vry happy becaus we will have parties wth a lot of friends .
u must remember ht money is ey important to or decson .
noticia
And I nt to ope e door .
I wa really omfortale in my bed and I ould n't beieve that someoe hd interrupted my calm .
But , whatever . I went .
To th door and ened it . It turnd t that it was my brother .
fte we aid hi and I went inside with him , he told me that or mom was oig on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
I was a ttle worried ecuse I le my istr but she was yog and I hd a lo of wok .
However , I decded to say s nd pepared myself to take cre of h .
My brother lt a he romsed to return later wih my sist .
I closed the dr hoping never to ha to op it ain , then I wt to t bthroo and tok a relaxng sower .
I practise the ilaes Method evy Sunday morning .
I ike this sport because it is a simple healthy spot ha respects my oy .
I practised dance a lon time go , bu wih ag , I 've preferre to practise an asir spot .
I discoved Pilates 2 years ago and bea ih an o Bar dancer .
He tok ti to explin each movement and mae me nderstand h concp .
Ater 10 imes , I obtaed reslts in my body : stretchy , siewy ad fleible .
If I uld give advice to ew practitiners of Pilates , it would be to ra a book about this method an to ta tme choosing a good eachr .
A few ear o I took pt in a programme called Christmas Dma .
In my chool dy , I did nt particiate in ay programme , even sports .
Because school tacher ever encuraged me to particpae .
If they had ld me to attend compulsorily I wuld hae done so without any hesitation .
Wle I am in ANDRAPRADEH ery yer , we have a Christmas function in Decemr . Although we a not inerested in attendin Drama , they oul no let us not play vn a imple character .
hey gve me h pa of THE O . At first I was n't awe of h to ac and pla this particular character .
n frm October to December we practsed every day afr our tud hu til eeven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DY I learnt and fially I played my ole ell .
Then I asked mslf why I wased al my schol days .
Personally , I believe hat the o do not participate in any activities shoul be couraged to do so by teachers .Only th ill he also know how talented ey re .
Eery stuen soul tend ad sh thir tent .
Aftr me ges we can not attend any of hs yp of activity beause we a all o . So let go and noy your you and be happier .
The utur of public trnsport in developed countries is very iferent , because most popl hav a ca . In poor countries , most peple ta pulic transport , because people do n't have a car a it is cheaper to take public trasport . The pollution caused by public tranport is huge and is growing . Tir rld countres shud have o - riendly transport .
I id n't e to believe at peol would do anytin or advantage , even bray faiy and friends .
I thought th a oy seen in film .
T ral wor was not like that .
I strongl believed people would rather have lov in their heat an nything .
I was n't ric , no aving ay gd things , only a simple peon , but I live apily .
At leas I d a stab jb , a lov , amily and friens .
Howver , ese things ae changed , All h ting I wed , but , remainn ar broken .
It is hard to believe my eye hat I can e h greed in their es , as if they ca n't wait to see me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so ong as I am ali .
I have alway tried to covine them hat I am t as bad as some people say .
My family li in the city center of Mdrid b I do n't like iving thr because it is oiy nd the is pollution , so I decid to move to the countrysde two years ago .
I loe this plac becaus it is relaxg , but he only prolm fr me is I live alone an I 'm lnely .
My mother knew h I fe an she wted to help me .
She ca to my hoe with a preset lt week and wen I opeed it ... I ould n't believed it . It was a beautiful litl onkey !
I was so excited d very happy .
Fr me it a like having a new member of te famil nd he ived with me .
Since that moment , my life hangd an n I go everywhere wt " Yango " . Tha 's the onkey 's nae .
De Sir / Mdam
I am witng this etter in order to pply for h jo in te " USA summer amps " .
I sw he job advertisement in the local newpper .
To star wt , I would like to tell y tha I ae studied gastroomy at te Instituto Cradon , one of the mo reogised intitues in Urguay . Ao , I ave jus finished a sports and healt ourse at th Universidad de la Republica , on which I learned to work with pope of ll ges in the sports area .
I think l people love sport .
In he world , a very famous sports festival is the lympics .
These inclde any kinds of sports , such as wretling , basketball , tennis , running , et .
My favourte sorts are basketball ad martial rt .
First , baskebll is a tea spr , wih mens I ne to understand the expressions of memers of he ta and kep in contact the . Fr example , my role is ctte ut I nd to do ssister , bloer ad guard when I pa .
Secondly , vey ounry as its ow mrtil arts hiory nd culure , for xaple , kung fu from Chin , aewondo fom Japan and Karae or Korea .
It is not just fightg . The sports give peopl endurance , speed and por .
In particular , I like karate and Ku - fu .
n an women are psible to intret it .
There is no special ritera , uc as tall nd strog scles or gender .
These 2 ports improve baic human aiity to reach the highst capability possible .
I suges to ther people to ist understand yourself , such as what you ke , what is possble , and then practice after ever ucess .
My fvurite sot is badminton .
It 's a gm for 2 or 4 eope .
Te u a bat and a shuttlecock , whi is like a bird 's feather .
Te aim of the game is to scre th most points .
I soetimes pla bamintn ih my brother , and I always n .
I ink I am a god ayer .
I fis plad bdminto hen I ws 7 yea ld .
he positive of layig badminton : o can se weght , and your vision will be good c .
The egaives of playng badmintn : yur right arm is stronger tha your le m , and sometimes , you ca srin yr r .
I 'm sure it is ve ealty o or body .
cording to ths form , we ow learning knowledg takes a lt of tme in e y .
Unlike Taiwan 's senor high school studnts , their sleeping time averages eight hos or even ore .
As for me , my aiy schedule oes n't have uch variety , jt stud , lep and others .
Others inlude es an exrcse , but thy do n't ke up ot of ie .
In my awareess , I know th nited States advocates re - style sudy and self - lernig , so ase frm study , te hv diverse selections .
When it coms to my sleeping , I ly hve four to fve hours a dy .
The lack of sep ften makes me unable to concentrate in cass .
The more I remind myel to get up ealy , th more hins I nd to do .
So it usully pospone my sleeping time .
The only cmon opin is rs time , I also spend three to four ours resting .
Becaue I think famil n riends ae my spit mdicine , they can give me lots of energy .
First , I nt to s that pople 's livs wll hane in the future , beause the ew technologes will change the lives of peope .
I think this becus t ew technologies are creted by people to improe our hbts .
For xample , the Internet in e next 50 years wil be very diferet . I gss that peple will he a chi in their heds and they may do many this with their mins , lik if we nee to call other people , we will think abo it and we will be le to speak wit them .
On h oher hand , peope make ther inventions to improve the wld a reduce olluton . or example , at this tme we ave crated eectric cr and organic food . These things will be ver useful in te futre , becaue we will need to redu pollution .
Also , people wll need to iprove medicie to cre diseass n , fo th , ople need to ceate moe invenions to resove thes probems .
Finally , I thin that e best change il be in or lifesyle . We will change ou clothes , thining and othe thig . We wil be more eendent d we wil need more things for ou a to da life .
Alhogh I have hd teribe jet lag since I cm back to my country , it 's great to e my amily and my friends .
Anya , I have to fin a bird to develop yslf and take a rest .
I nevr sid goodbye to everyone ecuse I wl coe back to England .
chael is a teenage boy o ies with his parents .
He is seventeen years o and he has a sister .
His siser is six years o .
O summer tomrrow , his siste wk up very eary .
He as worre because is ister always woke up ey lat , about midday .
Soeoe rang t doorbell and he pened t here was nobody at h door , so he closed he door gain .
He had a bit of noise at t top of th stairs but he i n't go to investigate tha noise .
he oobell rng again and he opee the door gain . His sier a with him d he as very scared , but thre s nood at he door again .... and ths time , t noise at h tp of h stairs wa loader and he understood vrything .
Someone was riing h doorbell while someoe else was robbing thr huse ...
It was by ha tt her sister was scaed a woken up ...
Michael closed the door and kew at that ment he had ad a mistake
Twenty years a , I started playing football .
I had played a lo of sports before , bu whn I stated playing football , I felt that w my port , tha wa fredo .
I ha playd fr a o of tem .
A us as I was becmin a professional footbal player , my right kne was injured .
Then I had to be operated on twice .
ecaue of injuries , I am now thinkng bout leaig otball to dedicate yself to my othr pason ; the guitar .
Writing emals in English an sometimes be hr .
I ovd to he UK from Turkey recently .
It is not always es o me to speak in another langge contanly .
I hae to improv my rting .
his is the easo why I 'm trying this web page .
Sort is ry healthy , it is very imprtant that l eopl do exercise f heir bodies .
I ov sport d I uully go to the gym .
I like running an I r three days a we .
I prfer dong por with a friend or my siste , it is or fun .
If I n loe , I ta my mobile phone a I can listen to muc .
When you go olig yu do n't need wod , or rms or anyting t ope .
This is the book l
Moon .
This bo wa written by Jane Yolen .
I lk that phrase bease the b wa hapy ecause he got to
go wlig a he ' d been wntng to go owling o a long time an he finally g to go .
Wn other kd e happ , ta makes me hay . I like it becase it makes me feel good because y do n't haf't
( have to hv words to go wlin but you have to have hope to se an wl .
My na is Ingrid .
I am 24 year old and I live in Ren .
I am blonde ,
I have blue yes and I am of average heigh .
I lke goin to e inea , goig out with my friends ,
to playing Cunte Strike , walking in the park , going shopig , a I ca n't stand he sight of blood .
I am now studying Softwae Eginering .
In Setember I am going to Madrid to stdy a master 's in
Web Programming with my boyfriend .
I like livng wit my boyfriend .
I am or romantic han my boyfriend .
I ate eatg vegetables and I love atig hips .
What I islie is that I will be away from my amily .
I am oing to miss my family .
They r very happy with me , because my marks re god .
Hi Jenny
Wl , as you sked me Jeny , the most brillan actor tat I 've ever sen is V Desel . He is an excellet profssional and he starred in a great nber of movies , like the saa of ast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletprof and other excelnt fis .
This is one of my favourite actors , because , he he is recoring a im , he assumes hi rol passonately and tat is real importat fr a good actor .
Anoter of my favourites is Wl mith . He apared in the well - known film , Men in ack and other excellent film like I am Legend .
He is , fr me an man peole , an excellent acor because his personality is extroveted .
So Jenny , tes are my two favourites ilm stars .
I have to go sopping , sorry .
See ou
Franco .
This topic is controversial tese da . Shol everyo take a year o betwen leaving schol a sartig college or university ?
I am gig to study t topi from both sdes and give my opinion on he mate .
A god percentage of people ink that everne should take a yar off betee leaving school and stating college .
hey think h sudet can spend th yea in a job to earn mone so ey can afford their xpense durn college .
hs heps hem aso to plore te job market ; some bs e in great demand compared to othr .
Or e student can simply spend this te trveling .
Tis helps them to get d of study sres , and to give me to thei soial ie .
Others tnk that if students ta a year f studyig it is unwse .
As returning to studying may be dfficult .
It is etter to finish studyig fit , tn go to work or av relaxation th trvel .
Both piions hve thir merits .
In my opnion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial sitation .
If you have mony hat can cve your expenses on trvel , it is totlly differet an if ou have to work to cover yor expenses ,
or o ut have what is essential for education and university fees .
Tansport is vry important in our lives , because we trav from place to ace .
Th tecnoogy and industry are developing vey fast , so public transport has no utur .
It must be Interesting hat t develoment of ransport eve fits the tis .
Helo Jo .
Congrtulatons on your wdding . I hp you wll be as hapy as u are now your whole life .
You and Jenny e a great couple .
Thank you very much , oe , r hinking of me to be yo itnss . I feel ve proud th you thought of me to be your wines and , of coure , I accept a I wil be in Tronto for you wedding .
Jo we live fa ay bcause I work for the Re Cross , bt I am sil the same person as I was at school and I lie the same thins .
J , I have the sam emory as I hd when I ws a chid , and I do n't rember Sphie .
Was se at choo with us ?
Cold ou describe h to me ?
Anway , I ha ever en a witne . ht do I ave to do ?
Tl me wht id of suit the witness has to wear , wheter I have to bay any coour of ie , a lowr .... I 'm really ery ecitd aout your wedding .
I will be at me f my moher 's bitday in Novmbe , and if you a , we cold ve a rink .
Anyway , congratulations to you and Jenny again .
Best wihes
Joe
Hello , oo mrning .
I joy my fvorite por because I ike running , layin ad going to t fore .
This spr is heath and good or the dy . You should sart his sprt beuse yo wil fe good .
Yur musle will be hrd .
For this sport , it is necessary to drink wte , and e fruit , vgeables and pasta .
We should n't at swees nd sugar .
If u want to tart thi sport , you shld sart running for trty minue .
Thnk y or howng intrest in my village 's cncern aot e environment .
The town , Lahori , is known or its prctices to preserve nature . In or town , we conduct monthly metigs cocerning wase magement , as wel as pesticides .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqi , wo h tke it upon himself to lead these meetins and educate or villa on health problm assoiaed with improper disposal of waste . The vilag has d pits to dispose of wste .
he act of using a car to travl , is essential in ie , and ha depnds on t car you want to y and save gas .
We you drive you mus take precautns at al times becuse if yu do n't ou c ause an accdent .
Remeber that a car is to make yor life easir to e arond and be safe and as a way al to have securty because you go in yo car a you are le likely to get mugged or somethin .
Some disadvatages are that u may no av the moy to maitain a ar , d always remmber ht te car should ge yu a service d no yo to it , whi is wy o lways ep it in line ih h engine , so o do o fil .
On dy I visied my friend Jimmy in Nw Yr cy . He was a yong ma who was an expert on train ad tours . He alked but hw ctizens and comuters move from one place to anothr . He told me ha rand Central Station as the largest erminus in the ciy . He showed me were the landmarks of e Big Apple were so ightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we wet to diffrent parts . Fit he oo me to Clumbus Circle in e south west corner of Central Pr whee there were the most expenive apatmens . Then we wen to the lake wher the jgging trcks that circle the lake e popular th rly - mornin visitors . Then we wnt to e Museum of Naural History that was loaed nar th Metropolitan Museum of r . Then I got focal on the subway tains , so we wn to Grand Central Station . When we arrid , I was amazed to se a lot of people going to wor , so he told me that it was convenient fo peop to use e ain beuse it is very fast n for he government it a a geat economic businss . Then he told me that one of he characteristc of
In t er of technological advancement , everything goes bynd one 's expectations .
There e mobile phones wch ave fac - to - face communication , ad transportation driven by solar energy .
In addition , te transportation ssem which is developing day - by - da perfrms in the os cnenient and the fastest way it can .
Even tough e peonal car is use more ad mre becaue of is cnvenience , in my pinion , ustopable transportation development ill caue public trnsprt to be more popular than travelling by car .
The number of people in the orl is continually ncreaing .
This aks e ities rowde .
Igine if everyone a rivate cars . Wold we wak on the tp of he car to meet our negbour next or ?
Therefore , public transportation is demed imporant to reducing ongestio on th rad ; the traffic .
In the first paragraph , I rte hat transportaion development will nve loe ace for public transport .
Firstly , there are a lot of ws to rave ; fr example , buses , troley buss , Metro , B , train , hi .
econdly , ublic transpot provs iself to be moe funcional a helps support pope .
For exape , cmfortable seats , syte uppot for the handapped or physcal diabilty , tm capture that hels eople to kw the fixed tm when t bus il me , as well as seurit supor that hels eopl to be ore confident to trve .
Lastly , public transportation mae ou sue to arrve on time .
Yu do not orry bout traffic jams , or tryin to find e car park .
Tain into accot ll ti , public transpot is mh more usefu and convnien , oh for individuals and fr businesses .
Altoug he persnl r is popular , public transport is stil valuable to te country .
ear Cris ,
I wold like to sed this Saturday with you ) )
Hop yo will be fe at 6 a.m.
Let 's meet at John 's aprtment .
s pary is always fun .
All our friends wll be there .
A summer vacatin is so esirable ta hos in school or work on or it .
To most stunts , te weken is ssential or them , ecuse they r not allowed to ly computer game utl the wekeds .
In my opiio , he eeend t ol gives us nough time to take an adeuate brea , but llws us to enrh orselves .
Smlarly , summer vacation gives us more time to do meaninfu hins .
Such as visting musems , seeing tochin oies , ding exrcise nd so on .
Ony by cstantly following my daily outie an I learn re information and become stronge .
In important eeting lke e UN Gneral Assembly or 7 , ay leaders of powerful contrie ras environmental problems as e most concerning problem in teir internal policis .
Disasters in the envronmet not ny caus many prblems or humans b lso to al the iversit of life .
As a part of tis diersity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce the causes and effects of these omng sasters .
Fistly , I sometmes us my om 's bicycle to go to university , taking ar in reducing the carbon dioxide emision from my c .
Riing a bicycle is also a kn of eo - friendly moe of transporttion .
Next step , I reduce sing some of the cosmet products that contribte to or are made rom materials tha cause te greenhouse effect .
here ae also many related product which harm th envirnment .
Dear Julet ,
haks for or letter , it ws a leasant surprise .
I am ritig to tell you tat I ca n't run the marathon wit you , because e distance is too grat for me . I 'm not fit enugh for ta .
I'm sorry . aybe nxt yea I can go .
Last we I w a bike trp to the countryside d ow about registering f tat ?
Bye for w , I 'm lokin forard to hearing om you .
Le ,
riszti
I tik tht I should pass because I orked hard and this is the ls subect to finish my sudies .
I ealy hink tt we shuld speak Engis .
I do n't kw how to sudy English and r this resn it is very dfficult for me .
ex year , in ctober , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxfd , where I hope to learn English .
I thnk that it is e on way or me .
e , I 'm alking th a family in Oxfor .
I should go in cober .
I lve this family because it is a ingle mothe d I tin it is eaier .
Yes , I 'm talkig with a family in Oxord .
I hold go in ctoer , for 7 months .
I oe his family because it is a sigle mother nd I think it is easier .
Dr aager ,
I am nteresed in th cancy in your cafe .
In yor advertiement , ou ai that you need a person who an work at weekends in your ca .
I believe at I could be a good helper for two reasons .
Frst , I am good at cking .
I ws working in ABC restaurant until ast year .
Beside , I am also good at dealing ith people .
For mr information abt my qualificaions pleae see h attachment .
et regards , d I look forrd to hearing from yu .
Bb
15
0100
e ide game Conter Strike is a od am f th compuer . I think tha playing it is a good way to njoy youself .
In ths vdeo gae , you cn ill , ju , dac , and eat ll you wan . It is a very goo game . I think that it is he best " shooter " and tha " Arci Comb " is od too .
I am a ery good player at hs . I know to how play it er ll .
In conclusion , Counter trike is th bet gae in the wol .
Smmer holday
I went to Ita on olida 3 yas ago .
I id n't have a long holiday . It was just o 3 ays , bt those 3 days wer te bst in my life .
I must say tt I ent there becue my sister is living thre , so I did n't have to book a room at a hol and spend too uh mne .
I ent to the Vatican and Rome . I saw their assie buildings , which were impressive , n their old houses .
The wether ws fantastic . I love snathing n resting on te h sa on the bech .
I am Melod Martinez . I 'm 26 years ol . I as born in Mexc .
e of my passions in tis wol is helpng people , ny kind of pople ; ld , dialed , oor peope n kd .
I thk I am a suitable person to care or cildren , because I li wking with kds . It is not the ist time I hve worked wth children .
I currently wrk with children wit disabilites and I love it !
I 'm good at improvising games o children , nd I 'm a god ok to .
If o nly give me te opportunity to wok o e camp , I il not disappoin yo .
ter ookd at his watc and knw ta he had to do something immediately .
He took his backpack n ran relly fast to scho .
Today is the i y , h da of his prsentaton abo acid an and i consequences on te environment .
Pee ha studied and prepard himlf for this d r a very long tme , because finll , his other would see i after fur ars apart .
etr d a beautiful presenttion n now his mther is very rou .
Health is an impotan pa of our lives , so our riorty in our ty is the envrnment , and people considr eepig or environment clean nd work togeher or h preservaion of e environmet .
Therefor , t muniipality p in place regulations and instrctios to ta care of ur village .
Firstly , organizn collecting garbage . r example , e box or medical ubbish , because it is dangerous , it is tox materials , yelw box fo plastic , wht box or lss , an pk ox o ther trash .
This acilitates clasification of garbage nd transfers eh sort of rubbish to a specific place .
Seondl , recycling ste . After collecting it , they thn transport it to factories to recycle it in useful merials we c use agin in al aspect of ur livs .
Lastly , workshops about cnservation of the nvironment to increase environmetal awaenes aong popl , to ecourag them to ake care of their city , and teach them hw they c ecycle some rubbish to ake useful objects to use at me .
In adition , many esdents in our on have launcd intiaives hch taret cleaning up o llage , and plantn a t of tees on e sreets to ep t environment clean an protet our generatin from plltion . In additin , to attract tourists to ist us . As a consequence , increasing the umer of visitors to our tow , d reducing olution hich caue various diseases .
Furthermore , this aves on th cost of treatment bcuse of the decraing nber of tients .
In conclusion , we ok forar to ur vilage being fr from pollution a keeping ou eath a ejoying fresh air whr ur childen will row up .
Dan was a unne of th bg leagues o wanted to get the old cord of the best time r the 100 m .
To achive hi goal , he taine a l ith o of s clleagues n he gav no importance to te judgements tat people had but him ad i ambitious esir r victory .
Although he wa alwas wondering if it a a blessing or a lesson I be competing .
Either w , he had an eey wh as tring to extinguish hi loe of rnning n t him out of the competitin .
Te ene thin that the passion to n of Dan wll derease , but e oes n't tk into acout , tht this ov ill be forever in his heart to fght wit a adversity in his way .
At the end , he continues running . Thanks to this , he achieved hi goals .
Th nternet is the est means of communicatin .
Nwaays , the iernet is used a ver te wrld f ay puposes .
First , we use the Inernet to discovr the old 's ew ; on the Internet we ca check and read the world 's mos famous newsppers , such as te e Yrk Times , t Sun an alo electronic newspapers .
Th Interet c also be used to study n to eucate yourself ; te inernet allows us to ea books , magaines and short storis .
The Internet is the mos effectve w to sta a busnes and to look or a b . any people use th Internet to work , and they rn money evey month .
The Intern is a wy to ke new frien al over he world thruh social websites uch as Facbook , Twttr , and YouTube .
In conclusion , the internet is making things better d asie ; lfe ow is always connected to the Internet .
My ne is Marangles and I am going to sow you one of e most mgniicent places in Extremadura , Monterrio de la Sena .
Visiting this small illae , o wil enjo ural turism with char .
el the dma an realism of the best nown event in Eate , played o ne yeas by he inhabtans , " Te Passion of Christ " .
iscoer te min representative museum there , the olive musm , where you are able to look at its history in each of heir crnrs , in addition to tating is exquiie oil .
Mt the patron sint , a sidr , and get te most out of teir memorable prty in his nor .
Explore close this unforgettable place nd learn a bit mo abot the culre of Extremadura .
My favourite sport is simmng .
I hae ked simming sice I as young , an when I ew up , I tol my mm that I wantd to cmpete in competitins .
Te irs time , it 's difficult , like an ohe sport , eause yo do n't know and you hve to improve by ourself , u if you like it , ou will find it fascinaig .
lo , I remmer my irst competitions . I did n't win . I came 4th , but I was n't sd because I thought that e next tie I wuld do my best and pobaby I woul wi .
I wnt swimmin 4 hurs a week an it was amazg , becae I improed a ot nd , righ no , I 'm on of e best .
Last ya I won the national cometition in my country an that makes me feel so good , becus it 's all I nt .
If you ant to ke up swiming , I would recmmend you to do your be and if you lie it y will enjoy it at he same time as you e doing eerise .
In te pat , os people did ot worry abt ther healthy .
These ds , lmost 80% of eope have asure feel ncerned about teir bodies and ther diet . Because of this , tey promise me that they wil r to improve heir aily diet ad the will do sport more frequently .
Lke most people , we stared to do sport ecause we were stressed and need to gt ou of o house aft a hard day of wrk or study .
On da , I went running d ice ta momnt I have no stopped .
The perect moment is whnever y wan ; in the mornng , in the aftenon , in the evening , or in h night .
It is true tht in mmer we av to be careful abou with te hours are too h n we should aoid unning .
It is necessary to buy well - md sneakers , to ake sure you do n't suffer a pan in your feet n the rest of your ody .
In Tampico Cit the st important landmarks are he squares in Tapic . Te bs hopping centres are mall Altama ubicate in Tapco centr n th bch Mdero . The most important parks are Carenter 's agon n my faorite restaurnt is Chld 's in ma Altama .
e beach at niht is a good place for happn wh yo family .
Dar Ms Ana
Here I oe to xpress my thouts about what ha been hpening duin these past weks in the recptio of h buildn .
I am happy to sa that I have only positve points to present due to ow welme I feel when I arrive at h reception .
Becus of that , sometimes I fel free to ask them wa I ant and depenig on the way tey receive my commens I can ust lt them do the task I ased them without kepig on atching them .
In coclusion , I 'd le to offer my elp if anything is necssary .
Reads .
Myths nd fables re lwys my favorite tys of stories , because they can either be as to understand or extend to deeper mattr .
Soetims it is ineresting to ko a stoy by discoverng its background first , is n't it ?
F example , d to th wide sprad of " Te ic of ilgaesh " , we have all heard something relating to it , bt do n't really knw about any details .
Amut of tradition and leend noadys somewhat rers its context , such as oer 's " Odyssey " , h flod mentione in the ile , and especially Mesopotamia civilization .
Thrfore , I am trying to fd out oe information abut " T Epic of ilgamesh " in order to unerstnd it ompletel .
In conclusion , I hoe that Riyadh city will be more interestd in traffic jams .
If the government pays attention to imprvin the stret , decreses h use of cars , provides other transpotation , and controls traffic jams by usig polic , Ryadh will become a rea ci so the people wo n't ory aut going ou .
I ope is problem will disaper sn .
er Sir or Madam ,
My nae is Andreia . I am 27 years ol . I am a very friendly person nd I he experience in this area .
st sumer , I worked with childen ed 10 year d for a month and I organised om activities on t beach , sh as ftball games and y classes .
F me , it 's a pleasue to make th me eall fn .
I lke cookng very much n I think that there are some atiities that we could do in e itchn , ike bakin cookies or mkig fresh read .
For ather hink I can spa Enlis very el , bcuse I studied English at university athouh I am Portugese .
I oud li to get this ob bease I lv children and I am a ve patien pesn .
I hope o onsder my application and contact me ,
Andreia
In he futue , thi tendency il contue and there wl be more and or specifi social networking sits btween busiess and pesonal lie .
In order for his to apen , looking u f new scia networing sites deiged for our particular goals .
Takig the place of general netwos like you find on Facebook , you wil fid sis e specializing nd aied at individuals , businesses n society .
Using cars to fulfill ou trnsprtation eds wihin the cty iits is a very good opion o many of us . owver , the necessty of tavelling overseas or even outside of ur sburbn are might equire a iferent sort of transportation . Therefr , this is whee public transportation should be focussed since long trps tkig lnger ha a imple cmmute in the city would require it .
It has been a ppular Amican tradition fr many years no , ine the mid-60 tat we a u cars owned by private partes in order to meet our needs . Hence , it has be onsidered t " mods operandi " er since .
A new tinking might hep to address this issue : transortation itself , pehaps , is in need of voution . That might be te se of ublic transpration , it has proven to be he est means to g to placs the roads an geographical area of hih might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Frsty , everyone an by a lot of types of things in my ty . For example , in the centre of he city , we can buy souvenirs , because hs town has t od mouments , theatres an curhes .
In t north of the city , peol el all typ of fod .
Normally , tis food is made hen people did in t pa , altough the best street market is in he west of the cty .
On the oter hand , you shoud isi a bookshp in a steet market .
Howver , you can rd a book while y e nd drink some thig on te sofa of reet .
u st remember tt in e center of the cit , you can sit h bakeies wt h best sweets nd brad in the wld ad hee weets are cheaper tn in ote towns .
ially , people ca visit the biggest shoping center in Spain . The location of this soping center is on national steet 4 in the wet of te cty .
You can se moen cloth while u eat in a restaurant and you a ake potos of TV stars , bcause they shop in this hoppin cnter and you feel ik a ar , beause ou e a famous erson and o thn that u are in a film .
h movie I have decded to review for yo is a thriller cled The Destny .
The plot of h mov is set in a small town were everythng has its wn ees and because of that u must be are of yur behaviour .
It all begins when a ughter comes to isi her mother nd e step - father .
Wt I lked mos w that you thik you ko wt is gong to happen , ut to your surpie , it alwas turns out to be somethg unexpcted .
Depite the fc ht there is n't n Hollywood sr , all the characters a plae very believably ad some senes wo n't let you leep .
Even h scenery is not base on a real story . It will mak y think but ccidets happenng around o .
There is n't anything speca that I disliked , xcpt mayb r the music whih was used .
Sometimes I felt that t background song i n't match with wat w happeing , but afte l you are in expetations of next stp so you would n't md it .
I highly recommend his movie to anyone ho ants to e unpedictale situations happening and lke the feeling of the uknown .
Hi Isabel ,
I love this e lce .
The town is alle White Ct .
It is stuatd in Merida .
It is a quit a beautiful city wth man thing to do nd a ot of paces to go .
My fvorite pace is h each that is near , just abot 20 miles aay fm my flat .
I hope u cn come oon .
Jorge
In owrd to the modernization of life a technology , people believe in different perspectives of hir way of life , bu the majority of oes ae otaly utoian .
Everyon wans paricular bects an individual ie , as an egoistic human bng . However , t rl world hs't t the capacity to uport these ideas .
Actually , we have a lot of probls th traffic : lots of carriages on the railway ad hey are n't running ; the nuer of cars in te street caus pollution ; croded railways cause a le rrival .
In the biggest cities round the orld , te traffic is nnstop and increasing ery day .
We discover , in this contxt , spcal dieases aused by traffic : stre , violence , pollution , lack of safety , and so on .
F ts eaon , I elieve tht in t ftue we ll return to usng reen fuels an public transport .
If public tranport were of hher quality , faster n with lwer fares , the majority of citizes would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and ead a newspapr or a magazine durng the journey on ms transport than in individual trnsport ; oreover , th me spent to go and come ba old be rdced , bcause it promote feer cariages on e railway .
Tu , in te future , pulic transport wil be ore attractive hn rivae and individual tansport .
Last onh , my friend ca to Korea and visited me .
In the morng , we wen to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horse d mn other animals . In he aftrnoon , we wet on h roller coaster . I scremed at e top of my voice d cale or help . ctually , I hae iing on roller coasters . We played mind tain , punch , and a lt of oer gaes . At th e of the day I as runing out of gas , because I wa oo tired to walk y further .
On t ast day , I gve her a pho ta was r first hang ou and we ugged each other . Se ave me a resnt and asked me to keep it r her .
Noadays , students have a lot of dferent ors of eucation . They may ot ony learn in chool but also through t Interne .
It hs both advantages and disadvantages .
e main advantage of learning on the Intent is savig ime .
hen we atted a school we ten waste time on bus whic we uld devote to studying .
In the case of ntrnet learnn , we can e one 's wn hous of leanng .
Also , e possibility of leaning at home is a big advantage , especially f pope h prfer pce a silence .
Then it 's etter to concentrate on lerning and we do n't feel n pressure or strss connected it questions and tsts .
On t ohe hnd , learnin on t nternet in the long term we cod feel bored or lonely . Scho gives opportunities for learning in groups wen studens n lp each other and olve proles .
Anoer disadvantage of learing on the Intnet can be problems it te Internet connection .
It doe not alays wr correctly .
A mid tat lost it .
Malcom Young is a guirist o , with his brother , fuded th rock band , AC / DC .
He hs never been e ost famous guitarist in te old . He was js ne oe guitar lyer .
He has ivd in te shaw of hs roter , th leader guitarist ad oe of the mo importat guirists vr .
owevr , he ha ver thught of this as a roblm .
He st does his job , las guitar nd sings as the secod voice .
Bu if y research about ht he has done for AC / DC , ou realiz that he ws an important a .
A lo of AC / DC 's songs we written and composed by him .
He s been AC / DC 's mind .
But why d I write this article aot soone who seems to be a simple guitarist . h reason is just one : the if of ti man who on day ust disappeared from the fans ' siht .
On April 04 he was nabl to give a erformance .
On Sptembe 14 , a ne w releas and published on AC / DC 's web age . T note said : " Malcolm is taking a break fr the bad u to ill helth " .
t he true s woe , Malcolm has h an illnes sine 04 n daily he is orse .
Dmntia is th ilnes .
Dentia is an illnes tha affects h brai ; people 's emorie ar los . Malcolm do n't remeber who he pople around im r .
ound a ea ago , a ieo w made by Brazilian rdio .
The video shwe us dementia suffeers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's music .
At t n we ead a entene : " lthough you might somed forget aout the rld , th world will nvr frget yo , Malcolm , "
iv you only have one ife , toay . Perap omrrow yu will lose everthig .
My name is amy .
I'm a 22-ear - old gyptan .
When I was young , I enjoyed playin baskeball .
I hoght hat it was t bst sport ever .
It mae me i and strong .
It tagt me te meann of teamwork and leadership .
I kep plying basketbll cotinuously for 4 years , till I en to secondary school .
My dvice to anyone strtin baskeball is to never give up and alwas ke playig tl he last inut .
We re not alone . We live with people who are faily for us .
Reltionships can be vr diferent .
From th best to e wst .
But sotimes we start to ll r sisers and brohers our eemie ihout any reso .
Who brings us up ?
Wo cares about us ?
ho tris to mak us happy ?
Our nemy ?
Of cous no .
Our famly e people who wll ove us , ad who do n't look at situations nd who we are .
We e always small an careless cilren to our parents , sma and ooish to our elder brthrs d sitrs .
A I ca carly say ha they re our frinds . We are at of hm a they are at of us .
So we need to tand ogther .
Television n othe thin invented by technology ar part of u lives .
I think every family a got a televiion in their ow hom an , r eampl , I ave 4 televsios in mine .
For me , television has advantages and disadvantages .
It 's important if we want to know news about our country or world new .
Thr a a t of ieresting TV programs here we can lear somethn a here r alo intriguing teleisin programs .
Thee a dvantages , b we can so hae disadvantages fm em .
For example , we cn become adicted to u tlvision .
It is not the best thing or our eyesht and our health .
In genal , I thin or technoloy is ot the best hng f our helh and TV and other siila things e resosible o our problems wi helh an eyesight .
So , television has posiiv n netive aspects and it 's up to us how to ehae with it .
To kep ur minds well and halthy , we nee to spend soe time on sort .
I le cicket . It is t best of all he sports . Cricket is a god mind - reeshing gam .
Pte looked at his atc ad kw that he had to do something immediately .
Aft caling he ambulance , he waited outside is car for somone who could help him .
He picked up th phone an illed e number of is girlfriend , Lia .
he is a nurse , u he di n't receive an rpl .
He thought ha he ut do something or his iend coud die .
ey had a car acdent , and ortunately he s n't injured , but hs frend a ws uncnsious .
He tried to stop sm rs tat pase on h stret , t it wa usels .
Te ambulance arrive .
Sam was visited but besie t hok , he only ad some ruises .
He went with i to the hosita and in the en it was a ucces story .
I live in the bauiful cit of Siena , whic is famous for t lndscapes .
If o come to Siea , there r a number of shos u should visi .
The museum of the uoo is h best turst attraction .
He name is drina ; she is eleven yes old .
Sh is fo Almazora , a litle tn near to Casellón .
She is an onl child , so she does n't he ny brothers or sitrs , bu sh has t lovely cusins aled Daniel an riano .
Her two es riends e Lra Gorrit and me ( Maria Roríguez ) . S is grat fiends with Crloa Pedrlba , n as wll as est frinds , she has some enemies .
Laura , Adrina and me ( María ) love beng a little bit eeky , in a good ay .
She is sometimes man to people if ou ae not r fied , but noally she is EY kind .
drana does n't lie sleeping , that is one of t things I have in common with her .
One of h favourite things to do is drwing . She hs ots and lts of specl pen , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As yo e , h is od at drawig .
he says se is n't god at maths , even tough she kes it .
So ... This is drina and som things about er .
My favourite ports a cylng n swimming .
Swimmng is ey exciting .
Even if you do n't know how to sm , ou wil love it .
In Hon Kong , it is very hot in summer .
Tre are a l of siming pools in Hong Kn . Peple love to sim th the families , friends or teir children .
People in Hong Kong love to go ccing in th hldays , too .
Some people usually do cycling fr relxation .
People lie cycling along e river .
Doin sport is very important in our lives . We need to do mr sprts to make us ealthy .
Hllo !
I am Alxander Soklv .
I 'm gon to isi yur tel fo June 6 to Jun 24 .
But I hae a erious prblem - I am alrgic to aial hair .
So uld you please reserve a rm r me wher no animals have lived before ?
Best regards , Alexanr Sokolo
Dear arth ,
I ca n't go to the arbcue next Sunday because I 'm going to evill with my parnts nd I 'm coming ack so lae .
I thnk tat we can meet on Strday evein at he cafe .
What do you thk aout it ?
ve ,
Alca
The las mistak that I made has to ha been he I changed telephone companies , because , since I chaged , I have had a lot of roblms .
All companies r the ae , ay soe ur problems .
I av had to me a claim because th coany dd n't resle my problems .
ftr a month , I did n't ko whe I would recive my tlephne .
Al ths ega because t fst telphone th I rceived ws faulty .
The company ad to en me another telepone . Ta telephone turnd t to be faulty to .
Since th moment , I 've a nothing bu problems .
Now , I hav to ait for an answer from e copany .
My favurite sport is hndall . I hve plae it every day since clss 4 .
I really like it beuse this is not a game in which you only pl with a bal .
It is rlly excting a amazing .
I fe happy whn I lay it .
In hs game u ust ly with a team .
You st n't play alone , u y mu la with a team .
My first andbal atc was in las 5 .
I rememer , because we w .
On starting , I was elly bored a I wante to stp playing .
But when I undestood how mc happiness this ame gives me , I strtd re running an training .
Te tranr said to me th I s eally goo .
Tee words made me start mr
belive in yorsel .
If u 'd ike to ty playing handball , you must ow that h first time is always the worst .
But you mus n't
no eliev in urself .
Tis is my advi for ayone who would like to pla any game .
Before startng to lk aout the membes of my mily n if te are my best friends or t , I just an to say tt my family is the thing I love st in my lie . I respect them , ppreciae them so , and I tnk thy ar the bs thing in my life .
Te fily member I love mos nd ink is my bst fried , is my sser . Se is lde ta me by abot 12 years . I n tel her anything about my ie , myself , my flings , I ao think if I fell in love , she would be the firs to know .
Aou he rest of my family , as I said before , he a ust a rlative , bu even if they r not friends , I do ov te so much . h firs n is my unt , th dead ne , n the other one is stl alive . But I do n't feel th feeling of ve towards my uncle . I do love him , ut he is just my ucle , no ore .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love mt of hem , especially the cousins of he same age . Thy r my friends . I lo them so muc , and alo he rest of my famil .
I would like to inform but coretion of my family ame in the relt sheet .
I hve already checked my family name wi student srvices ls Friday , 20 Noembr .
My family nam is WNGWATJANAKUL u t esut sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , which is incorret .
Culd you please crret my family name .
If o hae further queston , lase feel ree to contact me . I would be gteful if you wud let me ko as so as possible .
Sport is very important for r bodies . It ha ay benfits to mprov oureves and gie us ef - confidence , so we should pratise ny sport we love because it can chane our mnds o the bttr .
Aou me . I le playig vollybal n I eno this spot when I pa it because of its ben ueful f my body .
Look for a spr to ak you feel good an your brain will always be refreshed , so ha you can begi ur day with y sport to make fresh and fter ht yu c do any jb wit a refrsed ind .
T benefits of ay srt make your helt good , so we sold do it . Just do ercise eve moring to mke your blood flo in yr hoe ody .
He is an atleic runner who has set a e global record . oboy believes in him , not the edia nor hi o father .
When he as just bout crossing he finishing lne , he got hurt and s musce were din nd sated to peel off a black mtte . At at int , the gu in suts thought ha he would n't be abe to cross the li , but en ey saw that he pt running . They foze the time an an after m . He stpped for a momen , b the he stared running gan and wh he crossed the line he woke up in a red smer fluid . He was iped from th matrix . He opeed h eyes and w a flying robo , suddel he was in a wooden heelchair and they id that he wold neve be able to wlk again . Despite that , he stoo up a tried to alk again .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I li hi game very mc . It is a ve useful game . It helps me to ep fi . I strted playing basketbll many yrs ago . I wan to be a ver fmous basketll player .
basketball needs a person to be tall enogh to play it . I like basketball cause it makes me appy , f , givs me self - confidence a makes me aive . If someone wants to pay basetball , he shoud do a ot of exercises d try to be abl to play it , because everything is difficult at irt , u he should n't giv up .
The was an land tat each year in a particular mont suffered a hrricane . Ths islad is located on the euator . People go to his sand the da but they ca n't go wen there is a hurricane , because hy could die in the huricane .
Te islan was floded but the islnd had a levee tha preveted flooding . Ten afte many ears , an engineer stared constructing a buidin to have more ney than in the ciy . He pu many advertisements on all things : all , alloons , ovies , c .
Th nginers needed hel to construct the building . They clled a professional to se wht as wrng .
The the professional said that he sland has exose with e ocen .
They id n't know ha e isla wa Atlantis .
Then th gineers calld anoter sctor to eure h dobt about Atlantis . en th rofessional said tat te other professional s correct .
Thn the egineer ma a frecas .
hen he rank a coffee that ive te a lot of engy to construct th building faster . hs coffe a an ingredient so tat eople can lie all ngt .
Then he workd l ngh to finish the nex mot .
One month lter
First , one eevator did n't fuctio . hn thy d a fight to find h was to blme o t eevator .
Then tourists went to ths buling to find jobs to earn one .
Thn the huicane came nd l the peope were scared becau they did n't know wh ey were ging to do .
The people id n't know that this was a cyc , because the engineers d n't tell the about his hurrian .
Then the hurricane was oo of l e isand .
But the engineer inored hs situation . Thn a helicopter am to sve the residnts .
This helicopter h humid .Then the helicotr started to rotate in the woe islnd . Th the licopter sak in e water . Thn he urriane ended and the engineer strtd to disribut fod d meicin .
Then the enginer discovered tat the ee of the urricane wa widespread l er the island and hat the iland s a hemisphere . hen in the city , qualify to te people that wor in this uilding .
When I started to sudy hee in Austala , I fund the diffrene in curriulum compared to my he coutry .
It is really crucial for me to adop their wy of tachig at this time .
In my hom country , wh I was at university , it h quite easy r me to follw h educional olicie .
e learning tyle is a traditional learning stle that is uual in my country .
In ddition , th pe of exainatio is more on memorization , that I can s my own langage that hp me to understan it easier .
" In particular , mn inernationl students ae too teacher dependent n uncritical of material hat have ben thought , prone to oe memorizatin , ty misunderstand h cardinal sin of plagiarism , ad lack knowlede of t gnres of cademc wrtig " .
In contrast , in my present learning , it is absolutey crucial .
The acadmic tle is mr aout critical thinkng , and it is hr to cope , bcause I need to understand it usng hei language .
Cleary , mltiple ctors have had mjo influnes on the nture of th tudent population attending universities ad ho this shift ffects , and is affected by , unversity polic n paciced r imorant ises .
As an internaonal learner , I embraced thes chngs in my learnig strtegie , primarily bcause these ew earnin strategies of acadmic tye r important for my future course .
It as challenged me to dpt to a universal aproach to the learning style ba in my country .
ulia 's anecdote is not a fact , bt iction .
It 's a bookeler alled " A droa da obeência " whose auhor is Brazian .
The story is about five friends that egi investigting ug trafficking hapenig inside a school .
However , one friend disappeas , th the or friends dide to discver where he is .
It 's a msery sor wit a ora , because to e eader 's surprise , the headmaster was t drug dealer th produced te rug in the clases .
e oral is about stents o bei naïve nd bing areful of unscrupous men that ll drugs .
Hi Jo !
I eard u re going to come to my country .
I am writing to you to ive yu some avice out work and travl in my cunry .
In Pand we ae a lo of iteresting places to vsit .
Places tha u c vist : mountains , se n laes .
We ae a lot of nice ld tons .
Poand is an mazing and interesting coury .
If you have wrking in Poad , t best y is job on holiday .
If yu he experience of cooking , you il be h right peron for hs job .
Hope yu om on .
e you !
Love !
XYX
I he a dream to continue my studies to P evl .
However , I hink that it is ot an easy thng to chiee bcase of the liitd information abu scholarships .
In addition , I work as a civl servt who soul flow e government rules .
Actually , I do n't gve up n always loo or opportunites .
In my opinion , eucatin is a way to improve our quality of life .
In oth words , it can chane u paradigm ad ndset to better perspectives .
In the broade capacity , it ca hlp my nation 's osiion in the worl .
Therfore , I do not try to suppres my abitin .
Everthng is pssibl as long as we make an effort .
Travelling is an essential in evrybody 's lf .
Although the number of ars is increasing a by a , most people travel ia pubic transport . Teir limited income restict their ability to u ar .
As , he in drawback of cars is eironmental pollution .
Therefore , ublic tansport has t own importance .
In ordr to avoid environmental ollutio , peple should use publi transport . Ta will not ony ep to rduc th pollution , but also e extra expniture on etrl .
The government should ocus on th improvemnt of public transpot d us discourage indiviua cars .
Hi Richard ,
Thank you for you mon .
I 'm going to buy a DVD of ' Frozen ' .
I chose ths movi becse it is my favourie cartoon and I cn wtc th my children .
ke e best ar .
Lorena
Der Pete ,
Thanks for your letter aing about h wedding .
It 's always great to hear fro y a I hpe that evrything is going well .
In my cunty , weddings r ceerated frm ping to Autmn .
People wer specil clothes .
If h wedding is in h monng , womn wear shor deses whereas , if the edding is in h afternoon , women wear long resses .
The food is varied .
Yo can hv evera dihes , such as ish , meat , seafood n a large cke .
I pe that 's seful .
By the way , if you need anyhing else , y know whre I am , and I rell mean it .
I 'm looking forward to hearn from yo .
Bye fr now ,
Lorena
y fo o ,
oren
ello Jo .
Good I am gon to tow a nd .
My advice for travelling in Spai is tat ter are several types of transport but the most economical is pubc transport , the st expensve trnsport is a taxi , fo example .
B , you can ravel by plane . It is not vey expesive .
My avie r fiing work is a bi complcate because , nowadays , there e a lot of pole witot work .
But you col be lucky , ecase te summr is ery na and e rk incases .
You an fnd work , nce yu hv leaed Eglish , in a r , in a hote , c .
ll , I wi you a h best n tt u fid ork .
Good luc !
From Dai .
I woe up kowng it was the st important day of my life .
I ha een waitig o ha day o a long te . It wa my wedding day .
In the sprinter , he prposed to me in Cordoba , so I excitedly accepted .
We had a on lov story .
I had met my boyfriend 5 yes ago , so I was sur that it was t mt mortant day of my li .
I wore a beatiful dres and I well brshed .
It s an exciting y , al my friends , faily … were with me .
My oyfried bece my husband .
He was vry handsome and he san a magniicent sog for me .
These days , he is a oo husband , and I 'm se at he loves me vy much .
er Sir ,
I 'm wriin ths letter to tell yo about my work last umme at my local inea .
I like my work the so mh .
My work a eserving tickets f th customers .
It seemed lke a simple job to me , but it a also a ry stressful j at rush imes .
In the morning , we ha smal groups of people and he rush tmes strted in the evening .
I am looking fward to hearing rom you about how u spet or smer .
Sincerely ,
eha
Hi , My nam is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I am thrteen ears old .
I like playing games nd readig .
I 'm fom Brazil .
My best friend is Jnnife iodano . he 's pretty and smart .
I would recomme ung Ji Huang to ot our farewell dinner .
Hung Ji Huang is located in the popar dstrict in North Jakrta which may peope cll PIK .
is a is hin - based chain that h recently opned .
This resaurant had received many wars in Chin efor it oend in Jaart .
e builng of Huang Ji uan is prty big if you ompare it wth the other rstaurants in PIK .
Th place hs a privat ro n a karaoke room in one ace .
Beides tt , he pbli ro is ls lan and comfortable , b I recommend o to choose the private om to acommdate u farewell dinner .
The waiters ho wo hre are kin a helpful , they sre he cutomers kidly nd alas explain he menu claly , they r ble to make their custmes atisfed wih he ervce .
uag Ji Huan specialize in a stew ts nu , which ll allw o to enjy authnti Chinese food .
o can order a st menu tht uan Ji Huang offes or ou n als hoos h nredients hat ou ant fo your stew p , bt ou mt choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
Huang Ji Hung has 5 kinds of suce which ca mke your stew p tst , and o of them is Mala Sauce .
la Suc is a pcy flavor d it is very uthentic and you il rarely fin tis taste in anote rstaurant .
u if you do not lk spicy , you n aso try h Honey Sace .
Ater all the fod is ver tempting to ty and the size of a portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 pope .
The prie is chap if you take io account the service ad t taste of the food .
avin a farewell dinner hr is worth the mne .
Every mnh , Huang Ji Hag lwas hve a spial fer for heir customer , an for this mon Huang Ji Huang il giv a 20% dcount to cutomers h spend 500 I or more , for compete nformation you can check on e website or call t restauant .
n I highly recommed ou to make a reservati fir if o ecie to hol o iner hr , because this place is always crowded an we also need a private rm .
I ud a of the hings excep w .
I did n't have t Internet when I was child .
And ao we could n't hooe programmes .
I layed in the street a wlked to school alone .
I'm thinking about ha knd of things were more dangero f me . It was ey dangerou when my friends and I swam in the Tobol ivr .
We jumped nt t water and caught crayis .
When I remember that moment , I am excie .
I ess eve child wants to investigate e world .
We have to el thm , to so an explain .
hat knd of rss they can u if they do tha .
Nucar energy is one of ot important sources to gerate enrg and hat r the eople in te world .
The countries attempt to develop e uclar indstry to produce more pwer .
There ar many vew aout usi the nuclear ower .
oe people tin nuclear owr a great vaue to roduce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal n ol , which are no renewable enery .
Moreoer , hey think ta controllin pollution is possible .
ereas .
e serius sid of nuclear ower is the dnerous weapons ht coutries try to own , wch thraten he pace in th ord .
hee kinds of weapons do not kil o or te , but desroy a lare town completely .
In my opion , sng nuclear power is iprtant for th great development in human lie . Countries have to establish tis energy and other sources to scue power for eope .
Hi Lucy ,
o r you ?
I am writing to tel o bout omthing that f sure you will love .
Yesterday , I was surfing t Internet nd found an amzing sie www.barginstim.c .
It ws really by hance .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad an I decid to check it out .
I was in shock .
Thee were so many trendy clotes at attractive pces .
Immediately , I did som shoping ere . I bought a air of kinn bue jean n a tit black dress .
e material is of oo quality and h coths look e same as on e pag .
hi is a bi us but t waitng tie for dlvery is qute long .
I know tha you are looking for a wedig dress and I w a lot of wonderful itm on ths pae .
I ink y will like it just lie me .
I hpe it wll help you .
See o soon ,
Martya
In 2009 , Michel live in New Yo wth his ilfriend , A , in thir w partment .
He workd a o , arrived late from i work and never d time to be with Ann .
But they were in lve and he dcided that hey would get marred in 20 .
Eeryhing ws organized .
nn decided th she 'd y on her weding res
in her apartment while Michel was workng .
Tre is a tradition that the man ms n't see
s brid before the wedig day .
Mihe arrve home earlier hat dy , and he he oped hi dor , he saw
Ann dresed in r wedding ess .
Michael cosed the door and kw at ht moment he had made a mistake .
Te fastest option f going on holidays
My favourite wy to travel is by plane ecause y are quickly in another cunty .
By plane , you rarely have problems with yur luggage .
By tan , u do n't alys have room fr you uggage .
By ple , o can ad yu luggage in at the ceck - in or you can take e hand luggg with you . Yu an always be sr ta y wil fi a plce for yu lugage .
Aothr reason w travel by plane is my favourite is beaue it is me comfortabl to sleep unless you ve a lou person close to yu .
That cn be annoying .
I hink travel by oa is e of h worst ways to tvel if you get seasick .
Then u must trae by train or by plne .
BI FISH ,
A VY GOOD RSTAURANT WOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPA "
Eating " apas " is a very popular a of having a mal in Spi .
If you are not very hungry .
You a a small pieces of diferen dishes and have dier or lch inexpensively .
o mor than thirty yrs , in Nera s been opend every day " Big Fsh " , a taditional resturant wt the tyial cuisine of the coas of Málaga .
ih yur drink , he frt prtion is on he huse .
If yo pay between one and the ero , y ca hoose little ishes of fresh fs and different ypes of alads .
The portion of prawns is ver faos , as is te oopus salad , which is now by everyone .
T rvice is very oganisd and fast . Athogh it mgh be high eaon , ou ill n hae to wait a lg time .
his restuant only has o litte problem .
You ca eat " tapas " at the ounte or at smal ables near h ar .
The rest of the dining om is exclusively fo eating meals .
Discussions about genetic manipulation become evy whn a specific area is mentoned : genically modified fo or GM foo .
For severl decde , the ppulatin as been discussing rguments fo and againt GM food .
Improving humn nutitio and agriclatural conditions r argumets of those wo ae in favr of mniulation .
In t first quarter , we c ee hat sale roe . In the second quarter , sales et up , bu in the third qurtr , sales wer unchnge .
In conclusin , we an see tt sales wt up evry time xcet e thid quate when tey were nchaned .
hi is od , because sales nev went do .
My favurite sprt is fooball . I lov it .
It is th most popular por in he worl .
I enjoy layng it , particularly becaus it is a competitive sport nd because y play wh a eam an not alone , nd ths , for me , is really important .
The thing I like bst about footall is playing it , u I also like wachng it . In fact I am a f of the em Laio .
Some eopl hink that football is a bad thing ecaus te foobalers r l stid and th fan are all vilen ad isrespectfu , but it is n't like that .
OK , here re soe as wh ar n't good people , u the maor foball associations are trying to op the and to aboih all d tins in football .
For l t pople , I aise ou to start playing or watching fotball , ecause , for me , it is a vy oo ort . Bu you n only pla football well if you ealy like it , becae , ist and foremost , fooball is fu .
Like evr year , on t enty - tir of April , the day of the book , in my school all te students in e fifth and sixth years of primry school do a sort stor competition and th inner ts a prie .
Te pize re usually a ok ad a tickt to te theme park in Madrid , and the children o have prtcipated win a bo .
Alway h drector of my scol , ho is called ichael , is t one h orgnize this event so that h chldren n have fn writing thir short stoes .
But hi ear , chael oranied it ry badly because he d n't have enough boks for a the children and a t of he dd n't ge a pri , so Mice osed th door and knew at tat moment he had made a stake .
I think my town really tak care of h environmnt , because there e a l of parks in thi town and he are vey clean .
oweer , oe people do not ce about the enironmet . Tht means som eople throw garbage wy in e park .
I think almost everyone loves parks , becuse a l of pople go to he rk an hve lunch , picnic , do exercise , np etc .
I think aftr atig somthing in e park clanig up aftr themselves is good .
However , not everyone es tht , so hw muh the public auhrities cre about te environment is important and this town cares but that a lot .
Every ornin , some pole come he to park an cla . up That makes us fe raly grateful .
hn I am walking arnd ee I can see a lot of beatiful ardens n the roads e ean , so I think ny people ca about e town as well .
Thre are mny sports grounds , o exmpe , tenni cort , fotbal piches and lay equipment for hilren , so I think my on aks care of the envronmen . That mas everyone wil be able to the in be bes condition in both ind and ody a for long ime .
In particular , there are a o of gren areas . These mke good heath .
Howeve , someone hs to tk are of hem .
The town a to do that and I hik in England tre are so may gren aes l aroun , so a lot of pople tk cre of these an that crates a good environment .
After I went to live in England th my faily , I ae goton th fee ry much ieed .
ai and Gain
This movie is bas quo unquot on a " true tory " , t obviously diecto ichael bay known for te transforers fachise put a o of Hollywood in ths movie . It 's aout a bodybuilder amd Daniel uo w decides to kidnap a rich gu a make h sign away ll of his property , which oviously is n a get plan at backfires on h , and evetually the police et him .
It 's a great funny movie , especially or smeone lk me who enjoys ong to he gym d lifting om weights .
Hi Juie ,
thak you or your present .
I ove th T - hir tat u gave me for my bithda .
It is a vey beautiful T - hir bcaue I like e colour nd h pattern .
My dy in London
I wt to Lndn in April .
It ws pret rm .
My family and I g a gra felin as we landed in London .
We w a lo of shts , like Big Ben , whih is the bigget clock in the wrd , and h London Eye .
To get to ig Ben , we too h underground , ut to e to the London Eye , a re bus .
After 3 days we came hme .
I forgo to tell u something out homeles eople .
A lot of eopl are holess , which is sad , b maybe we can cage it .
Sport is ve important for veryne .
O peopl nd youn peope bnefit from sors .
My favourite sport is voleyball .
I lik it very much . I play it at a club .
I play it with my friends .
It makes my body healthy an strong .
If u score a lo of ponts , yo wil win the mtch .
Geeally , sports are growing our minds continuouy .
I play it ih my friends .
I enjoy pying it alone or ih my friends .
My parents awas uppor me pying what I lik and
enoy .
It makes me lse eght asily without making any effort .
I do n't find any iffiulty doin it .
My fvurite sport is basketball .
Usull I only play basketball at choo .
We pa in teams or each n alone .
Of course , we do n't have 2 million balls for ah stuen . No , we share wit eac other .
Also , nt ll the schol pa at one tie so every setio hs ime to play .
At school I alays lay with rieds a never play aln and my frend an I always in .
Last time I played we won 14 to 5 .
Do you know wy I enjoy my spo ? I will tll you why . Bcaue when ou pay you hae fun d iterested .
My advice or pele who are starting this sport is to practise playing unil hy t it .
My favourite soap opra is " Friends " . I rememer watching it at home at the age of welve n laughing ot loud ih my brohe .
I still wtch it on aturays n I really enjoy it !
My favorit character is Joey , who is a sily , innocent mn .
He lives with Cndler , oppoite Mnic and Rachel 's fla .
It is very ifficut to deny the importance of amily in ou lis . Families definely play an essential role in society . According to e expets , we ca n't cree a successful society without creative amilies , n another specific rt of our lives is ood partners surrounding or daily activities .
One of e main dvantage of fmily is e recognition yo are iven at a specifc ge . Children require pecial attetio to grw up wl , nd that can only be given by family . F intance , homeless childen e more liely to fa in teir education or j and not adapt to sociy .
Consequently , they probaby ail to experiece from thei ies .
Moreoer , families play an esseial part in protctng heir members om d atmosphere , and it probably reflects on thei erformanc toar country , leading to efective , creative an useful civilians .
The at film I watched was " The ters " . It is a horor / suspen vie . I was really scared .
It is out a faily ( a oher and he to children , Nholas ad Anne ) . The othr is crazy and inks r cilren e alleric to t light in geneal .
So the does n't go otsid in t day , nd in a roo there can not be more than one candl at a tie ; it has to always be ark in the huse .
Srnge ings hapen in the house . The a " ituders " in e house ; An saw many times omeone called ictr who " plays "
n the mohe thinks she is lying . But after a while , s belives he ad strts serching o the intruders .
At he end , the intruders tur ou to be ghosts ha


Public transportation
I think nwadays it is more comon that people u their car for eir nral activities , t th statement that there is no fuure for pblic transoration it is o completely re . I think that a lot of peopl e pulic transportation cause it is cheaper an so pepe do n't av enugh money to buy a car .
Anthr reao is that , he in Mexi , in some cits , you ca n't use or ar on specific da , so if yu do no have another ar , you hae to u public transportation .
Wl , my college a an ognization called Enactus .
I 'm a memer of it d is ol is to improve th positivity of our ociey by setin up projects hat erv an people who real nee o help .
So , we hae ctally de 8 projects since I joined ad I hd a ood feeling through helpng other peol .
We eterd 2 national competitions in 2 years and wo eond place fr one of u projects and aind 2 leagues for oher oe .
We md or university prud , plus we hled people .
N , there are over 180 members in this organization ad the number is increasing .
We nee re of thi typ of organization across the world and there e a lot of studnts ready to el an wishing for a chance to mak our society a btter lace .
Nowdays , wys of lfe have en channg in many ways .
Does why , it is sy to believe that if things continue at this ce ad transforming verything , in h near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be compeely new nd different .
In te at , peole ued to le in the moment withot cocer out the uure .
The lives of everybd er the am and just some of em thougt that wha hey er ong in tat momn uld have consquences in the futre .
Because of tht , everything s kid of similar ad static fo my yrs .
t then industrialiation am n , wit that , tecnolgy , so as of life starte to change and everything stared to go fste .
As I sai fore , becae of technoloy , many things hae becm possible in lss te , and with he passage of the years , thi has tedd to increase .
For exame , saring knowledge ad experiences mens that everybody n do or aply things and delop faste .
It als mea that research c be shar easiy or , f example , yo a get information abot environmental problems hat can afec you as ll , so u can rec faer and make so changes .
Anohe xampl of wy ves are gon to change competely in 50 years is because , so , tt connection with ohe cultures makes people more concerned about their n ealt , eir expectations of lfe and h way they want to ie it , becase eey day it will be easier to see how muc we are hurting he earth , so we will se faster h impacts that this hs on r lives .
As a result , we ll need to chage fast , to ry to fix hat we have brke and start to reuil in odr to have that utue or healh that we dream of .
Lst but ot least , family perception , hs been changed n f that time everthig wl be different bcause it will be the efet of the decisions th women are maig right now about having ks .
Thy are teding to work as much as men , so it is hr to have ti o building a amly or even sometimes it is har , too , thinking about gttng mried .
As a rsut , mbe there wo n't be a young workfrc in 50 ears and eople wil spend all eir ime and money on their hobbies , pots , se cae and tavling .
I studid in Kuwaiti school . Aftr that I went to Damascus university , te faulty of huma medicine . I gaduaed from it in 2008 wh a very od rae , thn I got th Master 's egre in lboratory medicine from the same univsity ( Ministry of gher Eucation ) in 2013 th an Excellet gre .
Then I returned to Kuwait , to ta at home ll I find wo or g a chance to cotiue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
Now I 'm working in volunry positio , like translation , edtig in Wikedia & othe .
hi premonition can not hold more true .
Tavelng on public transpot can be cumbersome and qute eventfl .
Tal of gettin to eet strngers o m tur o to be theves .
That is wy I fee traveling in you n car is h st thing hat a appen to a person .
You t the convenience of traveling at your own pc and toppig whe you please .
Somen s suggested putng warnings on sm types of fod ad drn .
This suggestion is controersia .
On the one hand , society is becoming inceasingly t and some kinds of arings could be seful to rmid hm to eat healthily .
On the other hand , it 's hard to iplement this ie .
The companies who produce products ih harmful ingredients e ry powerful , so that this uggestion is very hard to enorce .
Te example of cigarette packets shows ht warnins like ts could be useful .
The aim of ths eport is to provide an assessment to relocate the curen campus canteen to a ocation that would be oe ccessile for al he sudets . Hene , it will hopeful proe both he profitaility of the canteen nd the imporant rol it lays or ll the students on h campus .
One a , a man called Jonas s standing in fot of a monain wen he sw a big bird of prey .
He was worried that the bir migh charge him , so th m sek refuge nd goes in a cae .
Suddenl he understands that he h heard a nos so he decides to ta in the cave way frm danger .
It 's te day afte and onas ha stayed al nih in the av d in he cold .
At daw the n os out of th ave an looks at he sk to see if tere is a brd of pey .
ons ds n't see he bird ad thinks tht the predator a gone aa , during the ight .
So he decid to go home .
Whe the man a climbing te moutain , t bid pecd at Jonas ho , worried , did n't no what to do .
He decded to ake he penknife ht he had in his b , and he was sucessful in killing the bir of prey .
Afe to lng da , Jonas gs home se and snd and tels everything aut hi experience .
As all of us know , today 's generation prefer everything to be hir own .
Ad in the poces of owning , we av oed so far ahead that a day wll come when we il strogy claim at public tranport does not ave a fture .
It will automaically diminish its pesence .
As or cuntry is developing , there wil be a time hn eh and every inividual will be self - reliat ad will defnitely prefr having their own vehicle to cmmting from ne plc to the other .
In 1999 me cllge frind ent to t desert on their holiy . They went camping to have n .
But one y , tw guys wih ua bike w something ong , and hey sd " what 's ta ? " . They saw a da oy . They were scad ad ra to their ca .
The other friends alle the police .
The olice ae with a ig investigation .
the ivestigation cused them and investigate prison .
Ater wo dy , h plce saw somebo at h crime scene . The policeman aked thm what they er doing there . He wa scaed and puzzled .
They caught him and
afer t days he conssed .
The olieman was hm feom h es n he apologse .
television seres the du purpose of entertaining nd educting peole . In order to cope with t copetitiv world and get recognized in th corporate wrl , o mst srie had , whic in tun increaes teir strs levels .
Televsin has becoe one of h means to reduce stress leels . Beides providing tertainment , television has so becme a source of iformaton .
Dear ir or Madam ,
I have applied to our niversiy nd I am still waitig for an answer .
lso , I have n d an invitation to an intrvie yet .
The roble is tt I am rom Poland n I coud be in Grea Britain rom 22 to 25 Febary .
I am sorry if I have ot undrtood your revious e - mails .
I am witng o your answer .
ous scerely
Wl , I 'm Seastian ea and I 'm studig engineering sustainable development .
ne of the thin ta I feel stssed about are he ina exams , because I have to study or l he classe ad ometims I am ey confused by my nte .
To be hones , I take the final exams as a challeng and it bomes exciting for me , nd I tink I ean a lot if I hav pressure and mo of the time , I e good ades .
Sometimes , I trust a lot a I have bad grades so I feel depresse .
owadys , ulic traport is hardly necessary to ur life .
Hoever , a lot of cities ave a problem with traffic because of this . he problem is that cizens do n't ue public transport , uch as use , taxis , or even the metr .
Consequently , gorvernment has started to suppo and take car of publi transport .
Moreover , it 's not only a trafic problem , t h traspot is aso in bad condition .
A lo of toxic exhust is emitd io h air .
Ho can we evve publc tranport ?
Peopl ar unpleasant because all of is is bad quity , so governments oht to upat it th new tchnology hich roects the environment .
Nw , he ice of a a is very low , so it is ey ey to buy a car .
In t past , a family h only on car , t toy we ha a c for ch of us .
Restaurant review
This restaurant is excellent !
It 's not very expensive and there are los of coice on the menu .
T waers r alway iling ad te are very nice .
They we black d white clothing like the decraton of e establishmet .
It is located in the cty centre et to a bi ountain .
They open om 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
And or spring and summe the open a beautiful lre terrace .
Th atmosphre is very friendly .
e oo is excellent and copious .
h baking of e eat is excellent .
Th wait is not ln , only a fe minute .
This restauran would be the best for our class .
e best place for yung pepe in our area is without doubt t countryside ith th lake .
re they can do many kids of sport : simming , sailing , surfing , ktig , rowing nd many others .
At last tey cn meet other foks an relax , sunbathe and listen to th music .
In the umer around the lake hre a so many concerts so u ve difficulty finding th rght o .
Luckily h schols are closed r e week , so the young gls and os hav a lot of tm to sped thi
isure time together .
Nowadays , her is very lttle ublic tansport . The general public prefer uh aster and more conveint ways of traveling around . Though pubi transport is used in mjor cities to avoid traffic congeston , it is widely rcgnized that public trnsport is ec - friendly .
Public rnsport is used by any pepe arou the wold , inludig me .
Some public transport li trains do not polute as much as cas or moorbikes .
Many peple say tat public transport is nt comortable . Tat 's tr . rm my point of iw , a us is ot so uncomfrtable .
Many people ik travellin by c , but it pollutes a lot re an going by public transport . Public transpot is cheaper than buig a ca or motorbik , it als pollutes ls than te .
ubic tansport is ls used by hildren li me o want to go to scol , hgh school or to universit .
Finally , I think public transpo as a ver od future , because it has ve od advantages ut also se slight disadvatges . It 's also very useful for some people .
In my opinion , publi transport shoud n't disappear .
I le to spn me it te little is and cooking is my favourite hobby .
In the evening , I wuld ike to snd so ime with those kds by organsig some indoor d outdoor gmes for them .
I wol feel mo eergetic throuhout the day If I had soe busy or tght - sheduled work . I came across your dvertiseent for this b a I rally think that I would suit this ob in eery respet , because I hae a riendly rapprt with people aroud me . I wold be pleased to recev yur pitive reply .
My town tries to take care of the envronment , but sometime it is not possible .
Se people do n't have an awareness of the need r a oo environment .
Neiter do tey seem to take car of nature nd everything roun thm .
For instance , my own has a ot of mountains with bg forests , tall trees a my typ of amals or plants .
Hoever , that is n't protected by he government n ts institutins .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or ruls o the environment , so ecosystems have been destoed , river e ontamiated d pollution has increased in my on .
Besis , my wn 's institutions have allwed som freign enterprises or corporatns to take our on resources without demndng that te be careful with the envirment .
This is clerl a symptom of hw my town does n't care aout ay element of t nvirnment .
Nvrtheless , in the last decae , some neighborhods have bece cnscious of their context .
In th way , we can see that thir ppulaion have so muh control a the knw tt affects the .
od managemet of the rubbish is a new trnd in many nighborhods of my ow .
The recycling of plstc , paper , cardboard etc , by th population of the bigges neighborhoods in my own is a y to improve the environment .
My favourite spr is boxing , bcause it 's the nl sport that a relax me .
In my opinion , ti sport aches us to be maue , because , in addition to settng up the prson physically , it insructs the mind .
I ean this sort 2 years ago .
My roter had won so many fights ad whe I sa him proud I wanted to try that .
I do n't know ht I ca tell .
Thank you godbye .
ost peopl prefe rge colges to small ollegs or their mn avantages .
First , he majos they ofr ar nmrous and diverse .
The ave a lot of faclty members .
They ge the studens the freedom to choose heir majrs and tir teachers .
In addition , hey hae a lot of fcilities that serve studets , like kindegartens ha ta car of te children of the employee , university housing , a hospital the studnts of medicine can be applcation in n it serves th people o , an a bi lbrary which has many books in various languages .
Besides tha , thy hae some services like trasport for students and aulty , some restaurants , ad a mini - marke .
In ddition , t location of large a colge is clear and in t cner of the iy , so ha is it easily accesibe .
In t end , large colleges mit larg umbers of stuets , so h students may establish more friedsips wih people of different nationalitie . Also tey see he community by qualifying many sudnts in vario ajos .
Once on a time , there s a oy whose nam wa Michael .
He had very beautiful brown hair , ren eys , a a perfect smile .
Mchae loved to play football all te tm .
One da , he woke up early in the moring a he et o to pay fotbll bfre shol . When he s playing , he saw soething runng ry fast and go aa .
He wen bac me to t ady for school an he tried to orget what he hd seen , but he could n't .
fter chol , he di n't go home direcl bease he wanted to heck if what he d seen in th morng w real or n , bu he did n't fi anythin .
Next day , he woke up early agan , o to play football bu to se if tha stanger ould cm bc that morning , and he saw him gain .
He ruhed from his bed to te stret ad waked to his way to se hat he did evey morning . he he ws walking fte t strange man , he ntied that he stopd at eery trash can in the street to take a oo before going to the nex e . And , gues wht ? He saw Michael d ran away an ichel was afrad .
The trange a looking for fo in the steet to ake to his family .
Hi ihael ,
I jut gt back rom a chool trip to Londo .
It was very oo .
We visited the Twr of London , Buckingham Palace an e wax museum .
I lked the ax ueum te ms .
He put them on Mri Tussaud in 1835 .
There ar tatues of famous people frm different wlks of life mde of wax . Wen were you last on a school trip ? Where was it n what i you see ?
Heo John
hank y for showing interest in being a par of our ompan .
The orgnsation has reached its current osition because of pele like you .
We uld like to give you ix months to scale up yr skills .
We are lookin forward to seeing yo particiatin in the Organisation aft sx mnth .
My favorite sport is bsketbll .
I like it vey much .
Almost eery weekend , I go to the playground to play basketall ih my classmates .
Ad at 's my happiest me .
Furthermore , I watch BA matces on TV every day .
I am quite interesd in h the stars are ettin on .
Insufficient ES teaching skills md eaches pull ack to general English .
This becomes the concern of employer , sie it my impact on the students ' leaning outcoes .
This shol also beome he ED UM commitment .
ILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
The plot of ths film is about a 25-ear - ld naie woman h was livng d studying in Taiwan ad one niht wnt out clubng and met a crazy guy o involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a rean criial gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
A nw substance , alled CPH , destined to be distributed around urpe and the United States by wic a full ba s put into er stomach by legal clinical surgery .
u verythng went u of control for the criinals hn one of r captors kicked her in he abdomen . he substance spills through he body and sh begins to experience a diffret sta of consciousness in which he dizil nhancd her IQ om 2% to almost 100% of its caaciy .
During is time , he cotact Smuel Norma , D , he Professor of a universit , to as him what hpens if a perso reches 100% of their mnta activity or IQ .
h 'll end up knowing h nwer .
It is a grpping film , taring carlett Johanson and Morgan Freemn in que od acng , hat will eep you tense unil the last scene and does n't leave you feeli unpasible .
Nowadays , people re usng thir own as insted of pulic transpot . Ti is more obvious in ig citi wher the pic of public ransprt is ore than in mallr cities .
Peop re getting used to rivig heir n cars ; it prvies more cmfort , nd is more pracicl .
Yo ca use it whenever you want , and it 's not ncessary to stand in long qeue at etr or us stations .
The government e opposed to nvesing in public infrastructure , because he beneits r lower very ye .
Thy prefer to nves in public roads and motorways .
T impact of this s hug consequences for cliate chage . In t utur , the gobal pollution will incease according to he levl of ca .
Travelling by r is very d .
By using public ansport we protect the enviroment .
Polluti is a global prblem .
If we ravl by a , we generate more pollution than with public transpt .
On the oer and , public transprt pollues ls than th cr but h ar is very comfrtable a t be ho hard .
With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on ther pole to get to the destination .
I belie that in he futue all transport ll be pbic transport or , at least , mass transport .
The current syem is not sustaable .
Recently , I sw t trailer of a film about vamires .
Th fi is called ' Th ampie iarie ' .
It is about two n ad ne woman .
e girl is 18 years l n te n ( as it later trn ut ) ae vampirs and they ar ovr 100 yeas old .
One of vampres decides to rtur to high school .
There he mets a rl .
He falls in lv with er .
They are together .
Then there is te olde brother of the b ( vmpie ) d he alo falls in love wt her .
All the action takes plac in Mystic alls .
I like tis trailer and I tik ha te fil would be cool .
Peter looked at his watch a knew that he had to do someting immediatey .
He d to y a preent o hi girlfriend 's bthday but it was Sunday n al the stores were closed , so he had to fin a solution .
A few hours lter , he s alkng past a garden , and suddely , he sw h mot beautiful flowers that he had ever seen , so he pked tm up .
Howevr , flowers re n't enouh , so he decided to hink of something else .
Several hours later , he found an opn weet shp and he bought some onbons f hr .
Finally , he a found the pesent and before te n of the day he an quickly to h girlfriend 's hue .
If y do n't want to experience thi situation , yu ut alway do things on time .
I thk public transport is bete f e environment because oig by ublic transpo reduces h C emissios and removes trafic rm the streets .
Reducing the rush hours in te in hurs causes a O2 duction in the ar .
It is a tu statement aut ars . Trelling by car is so uh mre ovenient nd the new technologes app to he
People should e lss fast fd an do regular exercise to maintain a helthy lfestyle .
Peopl td to pc h jnk foos as they do o get eogh time f cokig at home .
Mny of us do not get enough time in the morning to prepare our lunch f the office .
asy availability lso tempts us to fast foods .
Univrsity education is good for studnts but they also ned to learn ndustry - specific skill .
Students , for exampe arn may theries , which may no be requied in hei place of wrk .
New skills like analytic ad ata manageet ae in demand .
In my opinion , wha is expected is a e roe for teahers and not thei dsappearane fro classroom .
At uniersity evel , the availablity of IT traiing , oftwae n mauls provids an ever accesible oure of inforaton tht othrwis would n be to hand .
Fo eample , Indi hs a high rate of unemployment , uger , pvert wich leads to an imense embarrassment abut being Idian .
Nowadays , the internet reprents t whole of te knowledge that people ave collected ve the centures .
So it rovides a lot of iteresting informaon , oe example of whih is aout how different machines ok , whh can be found at www.howstufforks.m .
lso , the ' internet ' nowadays hels to e information fm all ver the world , and if yo wish to get invoved , he go to w.bbc.co.uk . Thes sites a a free y to fnd the most relevant informain about current events , both in society and tecnoloy .
One day I decided to buy a nwsaper .
Whe I arriv at home , I strtd to read th newspaper , so I und out from there that The Internatonal Student Maazine hv organized a sort story competition , a I decided to call Michael to tel him about is cotest .
Mchel told me he knew about this contest and at tha moment he wantd to cl me to ask if I ws abl to me with him to that contet .
After I decided to go wit h to t contest , I was thinking abt gong to tt contest next year to patiipate in and win that cnest , so th yea I wa onderin what the program ws like .
When we arrived thre , the emotions started to apper so defintey it was tme to drink a h cofe , before te contest started .
I was wnderng if Michael assd that am .
I w witing for Michael ls en an hour , so I sated to he a lt of emoions .
After Mical oened e door to the cassroom , I saw in his eyes omethng strange .
Mihael clsed he door and knew at that mment he ad made a mistake .
T doorbll rn .
When I opened the doo , imagine my srpris at wat I a .
It was awesoe !
One Direction wa in fron of my do !
I could n't beieve my eys ...
It as weird tt Nial w ising .
Te , I asked the wy he w n't wi em ad they od me : " We are on our ou in Amrica and er singng at ou concert in w Yo Ciy .
Wn we ce back to u desing rom , " Golem " was waiting or us .
" Golem " , as we al know , e magical creatures ma fom md and having black rocks or eyes hich can be boght to ife by an incanation .
So , we were rying to save tie unt we managed to sape , bt iall did n't mage to cape , as they caught im wn he stumbled and fel down .
N , " Gle " are hoding hi hotage in tei cave , wic is hidn somewhere in os Angeles . "
I loke at he , ryig to think of something to do a then I sai : " Come on bos , WE are gong to SAV Niall ! ! ! ! "
We to all we neeed and started the sech f Niall ... We went to al e aves in Los Angeles , t we could n't find them .
e igt , while we were sleeping in our car , by mistake te ca tarted to mov an we woke up in a hu cave outid of Los Angeles .
I ould n't believe my eyes , we had oud Niall .
The , we g o of our car a saved Nial , he we fought wi " Golm " nd came back hom .
These dys , an increasn number of peple r to travel by r for convenience .
In my opion , public transport wil still eist in society .
Ter are three man reason for upportin my ea .
Firstly , o ong - distance ournys , e car is n as onvenint as irplnes ,
for eampe . If you go to aoter city by car , ou may pnd moe than two days on h jourey .
In contrast , travelling by airplane just take you t ous , and yu ca gt to ou estnation .
The time spent on taking a plane is loer ha taking a car .
Scondy , owning a car is n a norma hing o most developing or undeveloped coutries .
The cst of buying a car and fuel is expensive for poor people .
Thus , it is importn to use pbli trasprt , because it is much cheaper han a private ca , a everyoe can conse .
Thirdly , global wrming is a serious rblem for hmans who live on the earth .
Air pollution is the min case of global warmng .
Th grea number of people using private cars leads to higher levels of air pollution , and pulic transport is one of th bs oltions r decreasing i pollution .
To sum up , thee r uerous benefs to usig puic transport , and it wil t diapper .
Nowadays , ublic trasporation is available alms all aroun the planet . We can adit that the transpor revolution hs ben plave in he as ctury , but de to globaliztion and technological delopment , he transport sector is always in contnuus transformation .
On the other hand we must mention w e plane sector has ben growing . Curretly it is te most commo mode of transport for oing away d th so means tht sippin manufacue s dcreaed depy , in rder to let the plane market bom .
Talking about loal ransprt , we have a lot of choices le cars , motorbikes , buses , trains , bu also , as we were saying , planes .
According to t information onn , the mos used md of transport is the car as mt families he one , bt pbli transportation is gettg more a mor common or those w wat to preserv th plae a develop other alternatives or respectful of t planet .
As we were saying , e nw ecological movmnt is icreasingly more powerful and carismatic . e to ta , bikes e ls increasing heir role in the new age . They are ls lned to e n ashon of beng a hister .
In coclusion , we ae seeing a new end in transort . Increasingly , they ar faster d more developed , ih e laet tehnlogy included , b in cotrst , we fnd also a contradiction , as we und another trend for traditional traspor whih avids pollution in order to resec the Earth .
I aree ha ommutng by car is eaier nd faster than most ublic trasporation . Hoever , tere ae serious problems that come frm it . The number of vhcles on the rods keeps ineasing and causes congestion ad polluion , hch ae far more severe ha the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
Thus , I think the future of blic transportatio ll be more prosperous .
Dear Jo
Man hank fr yor message .
When you cn , ca me .
hn , if u want , we could go to the restaurant in the cit .
Ler , if u wt , we ould find a b for thre months . In my opinon , a oo job for tee months ould be as a iter , because waiters get a lot of money in the thee mnth of the summer .
so , I bliev that lifeguard old be a od job , because , in summer , the people go to h bech and he need lifeguards .
If I wre u , I would choose to be a lifeurd , ecaus lifeguards en more money than wites .
If you want , we could go to t captl cty of my contr . We will go by cr becaus a cr is cheaper than the bu or tan . We could ea in the famous restauran of te city or we ould go to the cinema . lo , if you want , we could vist the edeval al .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
est wises
Ton
Mobile phnes are the mo iprtant thing in or dil lives . he ar te most effective method for isantaneous communication .
owever , th extensive s of mobiles creates lot of problems .
Thi essay evaluates weter he emeris outeigh he merits .
To bein wth , nowday peple r addictd to mobiles . For xample , young peopl waste their valuab time on moble .
Moreover , their concentration is reuced .
Another seious problem is people r ceating reatioships wth unknw peope , n ths can lead to several issue inclding crme .
To m up , let people be aar of the drawbacks of ones d e thm wisely .
ncertan fure for Pblc Transort
ubic transport is generally e tansprt system provided by h government for he eeral popule .
This transport includes buses , rain & bats ec .
People of all classes c ue these .
is facility helps the genal popuace to sa money , becaue usuly this transport is the least ostly .
My favouie ind of spot is horse ding .
he ist ime I rode on h horse , I w 14 , d ice that time , I enjo it very much .
When I rid a hose , I el mu etter and orge all of my poblems .
iding a horse gis me a sense of freedom .
I think that the horse is a kind n clever animal .
If yo wat to str to ie a hor , t main hin that ou should ow is " do n't be afid of horse ! "
Ty eel your fe .
Alcoholism is a disease tha affecs many people in h world today .
I tik it is an imortant ilnes because it afect the family of aloholic people .
Moreve , alcholics should go to the doctor in order to get well .
In conclusion , alcoholis is a serious problem o a of soety .
I 'm a b f of cience fiction moes . Although ths kind of movie is atually sometimes a little bad , in the last wek a n e has bn released , a I was totally surprised by this one .
Interstear is a new Christopher Nolan ovie wch has the participation of some Hllywod stars , such as atthew McConaghey , Anne Hthaway nd Mtt Damon .
ublic transport h a big role in transportation especially in large cite like t capital city of countries . Using a car ometimes auss trafi ams if evryon us teir own cr . To avoid this , a god road network is neede . Also , te os of public transportation is lower th private transportation .
On the other hand , pubic transportation takes mr im to get to the rquire destination , ecuse ubli transport ake a long route to get to more ples and as mo peple ae advantage of it , pblic transport is usually crowded and is not on tim .
or that reason , sig you own r is more cnvenient tn public transpt . ou can travel whenever yu ke nd whrevr ou want .
Finlly , in he near future , ost people will be usi their o crs , because it save a lot of time as compared with ublic transport and the time fctor will be more importn in the future .
On school days , I g up at 5 a.m. d go jging in my neighbourhood for 15 inute .
Then I tke a showe , hve breakfast with my amily members .
Everoe is in a hurry .
I lave home at 7:30 to take a schoo bus .
Aft shool , I ep running on a tra to be an athlete in a shool sprts team .
In te rany season , it is bring to do practice as nobody is on the feld .
I come ack ho at sunt .
Sometimes , I am exhausted de to a hard workout .
However , I ca n't go to b ely because I hav to do my homework for omorrow 's shoo .
My favourite day is Satrda because I do t eed to work or tudy , so I can go u wh my friends , ad on Sunday I ca wake up ery lte .
Write soon ,
Dyo
My favorite sort is bakeball .
It is an maing port .
hen I jum to thr t ball in the asket , I feel lk I am flying .
hn I run ith te bal , I feel like I am holding a gal or a valuable object n I should offer my bes to t it in its pace ad do it in the rih a .
I kno that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to y te , t I lk this me . Basketball is so imle lay b it needs spee , concentration and t ality to determine distances . It consiss of w teams of five players and ea team ties to get a oin by throwing the ball through the bket .
What I like mt abou thi game is that e smallest number of players can pl it , even two plyrs . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with teir frieds or fmil .
In this episode of my life I wil to tk to you about my ily rtine .
I ak up ealy , lik 7 am . At that momet , I go out to the backyard to tur on the boiler , he I go to kitchen .
Nowadays , pole live in a very oden n ast socety and ty to have as convenient a life as it is posible .
O of t ma possibilities for making our ves moe cnvenien is to u cars rather than publc transport .
Frstly , I wul like to mentin public transport tes .
Te ost common ar bus n train , bt in the cities , peole can ue trams , subys or bas , and or a ong distance , hey a take a flight .
Fro my point of view , th ma disdvantaes of public transport , whic me our lis uncoforable , are time and place limitations , haring the spc it othrs , lack of free seats .
On the oter hn , people shold think bout the environment , poluion , globa warming , which are all currently warning .
We should thin of a better fuure nd try to be environmentally frinly - ty to avoid t hg amoun of plluion which is caused by cars and not hik only of r comfort .
On my birthdy 's d , I directed go to hool this moring . I wode whther my bithday pased it at lunch time .
At that point , someone inite sing to me , after schol , the ad I went to dinne an went to sin .
At T , ey touch me beause her were a lot of peoe who d planned a irthday party for me .
Afer I finished I en home , because I was so tird that I fel asleep n fell own .
The et day , I was eluctant to get up n go to clas .
Suddenly , I thouht my ift was gone . Th students sai they did n't take it , u I dubted them , so we uarreled .
I go oe fr scoo , oy to find a ift on h fa .
I ofered an apooy u of harm students , bu frtunately thy did n't get nry with me .
It is eay to make a bild egg .
There ae for steps to boiling an egg d me ips to make it delicious .
He is the recip : First , get om equiment , like a pa , atr , one or more eg , and , of course , a ste .
Seond , t the ot wtr and egs into t p .
Third , lt tm boil on t stove fr ten mutes .
Fourth , take h eggs out ad l them cool o aout fv minutes .
Finaly , to ma it delcios there are some ti : if yo like , ou a pt a little sa and pepe on it .
That is w to bil an egg .
Hi Pete !
Personally , I agree wt yu prents .
I thn o should save moey f e utue , ecause yo may he to buy something imortant with our own money .
In my opinon , there are more important things than computer gaes , so spending mon on them is ie wasting mey .
In e future , u 'll hav to py a lot of moey o uiverity , a new oe and so on , and I think y shou start svng oney . I ould do it too , bt it 's not easy , actually .
Everything ses so beautiful in th shops !
Silvia .
Acully , whre I live , e public ranspor is ighly sed . It ems that in e near future it wo n't disappear .
In fact , in se overdeveoped countries mab it will disappear , cause I supose tavelling by car is ch cheaper and faster .
B , tha fure is very far fro our crrnt situation .
Collecting boo is my faurite pastim .
I stred my hbb whn I was a child .
Th first itm in my collection a an C book .
nd nw , I have a lot of bos of al kinds : biology , chemistry , novels , dictionaries , etc .
Now I ave aou 100 n will ave mre in futur , I hop .
Wenever I fnd an intresting boo , I y it imediaely .
Sometimes , my famiy a my friends give me oks as gifts .
I casify them nto different categories : manual , cookbk , biography , tc .
It tke all my sare time to lan and dust .
It keep me amused for hours , too .
Ti is he fist txt I wul lik to write on this webste . I think it is a good idea to conribute to English language rsearc an improv my skills at the same time .
As this is my fist ie , I would lke to in ut w exacly h sytem works , so I chose to write this randm tt rthr hn thoe serio tpics avalabl .
blic transport is more conveient than crs in mn wy . When we use ulic transport that benefis in many wa .
Maintaining cars is expnsie .
Wit public trnsprt yo do not nee to wry abt flling up ith petrol , ceckig tyre pressur , gettin tired afer riving a lng w .
In the utue , cuting pblic tansport wl affect many people .
Elderl people a n't able to drive and always depend on ublic transport .
If pulc transport services stop , popl who ar t able to drive will be affected a lot .
Travelling by car is conveient ut here ar disadvantage as wll .
As our population is growing fast , in a family both husband and fe a working and children at university are able to dve , so o are ookng at at lest 3 cars e household , so imagin o busy our roas wi be .
As fu prices are ow coming dwn , at oes no man that it will stay like tha for evr ; prices go up and dow .
In summry , blic transport is important for our community and peope hav to aise their concerns regarding is .
topping ublic transport is not goi to gai anything , d he impact il be unpredictable .
Due to incresed traffic may caus delas in arange journys , increas the number of accidents ... etc .
I think prt is od exercise for people ho ne to exercise . I have a suggetio f people that want to hav gd health : cooe an inteeting sot n try to play it , l it be a regular thing , it wil be fun nd hathy for ou physical constitution .
It as 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
Michael h just realized tat he hd n't erd the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arive ate for work .
He tught .
He jmpd out of be and had a quick showe . There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy something to eat near h ofie .
Atr e shower , he got hi st , but he d forgotten that he h n't done the ironing the revous y . Moreover , he did n't hv any oher ironed suits , so he did it quickly .
In pit of that , he a dssed on time .
-verything is in rdr , it ses tha finally I 'll arrve on te .
lthoug it a n't true . He ad forgten to unplug th iron .
Michael losed he dor and he kew at that moment he h made a mistae .
Des basketball have the fame that it deserves ?
Nowadays , asetball is the sport whch rule in the USA .
90% of Americans want to be a bsketball sr , with the drem of playing wit Lebrn Jae , P Gasol , Marc aol ...
According to the results of a questionnaire ( Houtn inhabitants ) mo of tem ly basketball to forget homework , problems ad to lax in their ree time .
Als , th tink tat t main reaon fo their preerence itead of other sports which is more intense .
Hoeve te think at bsketbal is ol a reason to meet all he famiy , friends ...
Furthermore , hey give advice to all ose novics at basketbll " do n't ver lose he assio " , becaue if they give up , they wo n't lay with th bgest layer in te word .
In conclusion , the ra objective of e uestionnaire cosists of what the people think about the kng sport of the Unite Stats of merica .
I 've een jogig r fiv year .
It is the w I a unwnd , because my stuie are stressful .
It gie me a sese of achievement . For thee eason , I would lie to it do every day .
I ove joggin bease it 's a way to stay outdrs , immrsed in natre .
I think tee are no negative sides to jogging .
I ve bee ealy into skiing sine I w a baby .
My mohe md me start .
Sice the , every ar , I go to nothern Ialy to practice .
I fll reaxd beig aln near montains and nw .
Hello Oskar ,
The is a od restaurant in my town and I thik you wll like it .
It is cled ' T Re ' an it is in the ciy cntre opposite the staio .
You will e it whn you gt off e ain .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .
he meals are English cuisn and wth some Europan dishe o .
We I went there las , it s on my birthday and I went there wth my famiy .
I le h peop who sev the and the decoration is rety .
They cook god eal .
Y mt tr it !
If y go there , tell me wa you tink .
I am sure you will have a un time .
Geetings ,
Bo
Public transport has advantages n disadvantages . i will start with te disadvantages .
First , plic tanspor is neither comfortable n safe .
Publ transport is ery crowded , so y may no have a seat . I ht public trnsport becuse I ws attacke by a mdmn once . als taxi is not a ood od of transport . I op I have my ow ca soon to avoid pubic transport . Travelling in your car maks it easier a better .
The advantages might inclue tha it has a low price ad mih rscue you if yr a is not woring .
I am writing wth regard to your tsourcing service bease I am currently havn a problem with my accounted . For is raon , I am loing fo a new service that can help me .
C you sy no , if you hve thi service ?
If ou do ave this ervice , mabe u are h people that I am looking for .
I would appreciate it if I could rrange an ppointent with you to find t abu your serie .
Please , feel free to conact me if you hve ay questions .
Best regards .
Rodri Andrade S.
I 'm a really spoty person . I ove different sports . I think hat it 's something that is gat fr your bdy nd ou meabolim , Di u kow hat doi exercise an reduce depression and increase the quality of your li ?
I think one of my favrit sports of al is athletics . I love it beaus it is a sport where you prov yoursl , ou av to be btter every d ha ou wer yesterday . It forces yu to imroe ever time . Also , it is an exercise tat hlps yr whole body , especially the gs , because it gives hem great stregth , bu also your hands , bcuse they have to be in constant movment , and all the boy in gnera , beuse yu run and your eabolism is accomodated and helps yu to have coordinain .
I enjoy runnig a o becase it reaes me . I et u al my worries d frustratios , so it mes me ppy .
I recommnd al eople who want to run , if yu do n't feel lke y 're imprving , ep going nway ad th ime u will see reslts .
I am not se tat mie is the est family in e world , but I am prety sure that I have h best parents I col ever have wised for .
Thre is my moth , my athe , my two rothers d me .
I am the eldest of the cildre , then after me is my brother Sidi .
Sidi is 24 yeas old . Ad last is Joni , wo is oly 15 years old .
Genrally , I miss hem all because I live in a distant ct wa frm where my faily lives ow .
I use to ve wth them for 25 years in enoa , but lat year I eft ho cause I fud a job in Milan , wih is h city here I actually lie now .
Thank you f yo attention .
his is an introduction to how to mk bank notes .
Te first tw step is to deign them wt bacground colo atork a ecurit faures and prepare tal plates using skilled machniss .
Then ter are soe requirements for printig hets : color on both sides , peial ink and mges slightly raised .
The most essential d key process is maal inspection of rinte sheets with thr ateories : good quality sheets , partially damaged seets and bad sheet .
The acceptabl and not damaged seveely sheets are supposed to be packged n distibted , whc means they will be cut ito separate ban ots , packed and te dispatched .
In contrst , othe failed shets will be destroyed a disposed of wit ban notes in a secure way .
Oce upon a im , a boy as six years old .
His am a Michael .
Mihal lie in a ig hous in Denon , Texs .
He d a lot of animas : two dgs ad hre pppie , for horses , eight ducks and one cat , Lionel .
Lioel a a blak nd whie cat , n he wa a very funny , fast and sweet nimal .
It was Mihael 's favourite .
Lionel was Michael 's bt friend .
When Lionel s rund , Michael , the boy , as happy .
n day , Michael gt up lte , d he had to go to scho at seven o'clock .
It was six o'clock and he a to hurry if he di no wan to ge to school late .
Michael had beakfast n he fogo to rpare milk r Lione .
Michae was o all day , d Lioel did n't ave nything to eat ....
Michel cloe the dor nd kne at that moment he had made a mstake .
When I wa a litle girl I used to play voleybal and I really iked that .
One a , I had a urprise . I e a teacher and he invited me to train in a huge ym in a team .
I stared to think that I ws br fo that spot .
I wred so ard , but relly enoyed playing .
uddenly something happned . I nede to work to pl my studies in ih schol , so life hanges anyay . I needed to stop my faourite sport , ecase I needd to sudy at that te . It s ore important to me .
oday I do o pa volleyball anymr , bt I really njoy acing . Now I can say tat it is my favourite , it is all of .
e ne graph sho e U.S. cgaette price in dollrs reated to cigarette consumion in billis of paks from 1970 to 206 .
The hget ap is in 1981 , when te cheapt price as combined it the highest expenditure on cigrete pck in the whole intera .
In apprximately 998 we can notice an eqilibrum price at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantit at 23 billion packs .
Lae , both les changed their regular rend so there is a huge imbaanc agai .
My Enlis is get an seaking is my favourite art of learning English .
Captan at spots is wha I did in hh school .
I am ery pleased to help organs sorts activities .
he world is progressing rpidly . Day by day here are new mdes of ransporttion , hre is new technology .
From the beginng of the world till no , mankind as aned a fst incme and an ea ay of lf , so he trs me n mre to find a solton to s roblems by creaig n ws of living me ealy ad more convenietly fo him .
So , transportatio is e of he most importa ssues facing mankid , becaue it is related to interaction between people , like trade and many thr purpoes .
From this oint eve human has the ability to bu a car and also buy his est , he will ot esitate to do it .
It is claed that our lves will mprove in the nxt ffty years .
But we do n't knw if this change will be good or ad . I hope it will be goo , u let 's talk bou it .
Firstly , I 'd li to talk abu obs . I tnk tt these re he ms important ting to worry abut . If o studies get better , we ll create more js nd as a result the ecoomic ituatin of h country will be better .
Moreover , our caacty for learning more languages seems to be ealy adequate . Unforunaely , whe there are a lt of teenagers ha a working really hard , there are others that are all e opposit .
I thin it is probabl tha in some yrs e technoloy could hv improved quite a lt , and tis is a ver poerful advantage for us , the young people .
Bcause we ee born in ' th internet geeation ' as everyone says , so his sect might be helpful for us .
In conclusion , I 've t to s tht no we do n't hv to worry about te fuur , we ust hae to carry on in e resen and do the best we ca .
Hi Alex ! How are you ? I heard that you e going ut it Mike !
That 's fanastc news !
Anya , I a wondering if yo wanted to go to the cinem wit me to see the new Leonardo Dcaprio s movie , because I heard tt ction vies r your favourite .
My fvourit kind of move is horr , actually my favourite mvie is " The orphan " .
It is about a little girl who wa dopted but she is 35 years old in ralty .
It is very crey !
Anay , I hope that you come th me to the inem .
See you soon .
Bye
oadays the publc transport sytem is unning t of asseners due to heavy u of prsonl transport sh as cars ad bikes . In e ery 990 , h pblic transport systems we the ms popular transport system acss the world because , mst people di not have thr own vehicles . u in the lte 1990s , mos pele were able to buy their w vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
Today , mny pepe use their own vehicle istead of public transport . T other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to ravel to wok d any her persnal wk . , therfre , it an be en hat the emnd f public transport is getting lowr nd lower .
In conclusion , it is te at t emad from he publ is going down rapidly as hy hv thr own vhicles .
However , ee thogh everybody a thei w vhicles , the ll have to use public trsport because the roads are full of vehicle .
I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly mgazne .
My avouite spt is football , ad I enoy it because I love football players .
I d the opportunity to meet or abut his spot .
I would advise you to the person strtig t sport endavor d c fulfl thr drea . Many ca n't t what tey acomplised . Thse plars are very famos tay .
o can learn th yor referee and wit a och .
Se pele prefer payng togther , bu hee a al competitions betwee paers .
Peopl 's lives will change dramaticlly in the next 50 yar .
I think hat this clas discusion ca n't be true .
In e future , people 's live ill be bter .
Providng that we care about the environment .
It 's rall importt .
If we ie ell , we ill be or areul with e world .
Otherwise everyboy ants a btte future .
Nowadays , there are a lt of things that we do to make ife easier .
If I were y , I wod ve well in the next 50 ear .
I 'm looking forward to pepe hvin more interest in tis case .
For instance , my famil do n't think that wl hapen in the et 10 ear .
The live in h momt .
Beides , hy sy all te time : ' Carpe iem ' .
This is anoter pinon .
I 'm Emad from Egypt .
My family consists of 5 members - my father , my other ad two rother .
My fath is a businessman .
He is 65 years old .
He works in real tate invstent .
My mother is a teacher .
h is 50 yars old .
She ors in a primay school .
My older brother is 30 year old d he is working as an countant for a radio nd television uin in Cairo .
e younger broter is 25 years old .
He is a dentist .
He is oin a Master 's in Turkey at the mment .
h la eber is me . I 'm an aeronautical engineer in atr .
I ov my family , t everybody is staying or living in a differnt place or cuntry .
The best broer fr me is the second o , ho is a dentis .
He is my best friend n brother .
I oe I can live with him in he se plac .
He is vy hepul n ollborator .
We had a fun time at th beginning of our ivs , when we wre is .
I rally love my mother a athe .
Th spent their lives helpi us to be good men .
My older broter hele us wi studying , bu he is ole than me by 10 years , so the relationship between us is n't close .
yway , I 'm vry hppy to wrie for y .
This aserion is totally alse .
The expnsion of publi transport is one of the ky to aving e plnet , especially if the eergy source se comes fom ean sourc .
Nowadays , the u of vehicls powere by gasolne ad diesel is the main cause of a pollution in b cities rond h world . Research shows that private crs ae used , most often carrying a all numbe of people at a time , wic aks it very inefficient considering the quntity of caon dioxide nd othr toxic substances emted int the environment each time the engine is stard .
A lady decide to visit er boyfriend .
Bt her boyfriend lived ustate ad di n't hae an airpot he 's of city Becaus of that , se neded to travel by train .
h us packed a suitcase . fte hat , se went to the train station .
I think that the increase in teenag cme is because eir parents do not set limits on thm , and do n ay attention , so hy mak all kinds of serious mistes .
From my point of view , t best thig t plic a do ith these people is sed them to a reformatory until th can leve isciplind .
Anthe good option is to gve them a dfficult jb to keep th busy ever ay . Bu I do n't kow what kind of job it culd be , becase a peron who commits a crme is n't ing to do smethin to hl society , lke community srvice .
I fe nevous whn the pon rang .
I as sittg caly in a cafe , when I head it rinin .
At irs , I thought
it could be e of my bs frnds as we really lied to have lunch ogether .
t I w an nknow phone numer on the display and elt a little i nervous .
Wt if it a my os or clets n ssibly somhing deadfl ha ppened at my wrk ?
It went on rning n , it great ear , I clicked on the green button .
Luckily , it was my olleagu Jane , who wnted to dink a cup of fresh coffe with me .
The flowchart rovides an overview of te step for akng bank ote . It shws ho bnk noe ae manufacured from desin to a thng we can use .
This process invlve five ma tages .
First , should ak om cosidertions in design , including background coour , artwork , security issues .
xt , skilled mhinists is preped , in whc the are metal ples .
he the printer will prin som sheets in bank nots ( 50 an notes r shet ) . Subsequently , the technical must be used pecially r distinctin , for exampe , the colour printed on both ides , secal n is use nd images are slightly rasd .
After this , printed shet il be inseted aefully .
Depending on t ualit of sheets , ere will be t resus . If te qality is good or the nk no is partially damged u can be used , it ill be cut ito sparate bank notes , then it is pcked and dispatched , hile any d sheets will be securly desroyed .
This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakstan .
My eight is aou 5.2 , my hir coor is dark bown , my eye olor is black ad I will be wearing ens and a lng hirt . I il be rriving at 20 past 3 .
Describe a supemarket near yur ho
There are no ery big supermarkets nr my he , but thee is a nie one .
It is situad on the main road oposite my home .
Te pace is abut 1 m^2 ad it as autatic doors for ery d xt .
Near to the entry , someone welcomes cstmers and answrs tir questions .
There are some ig shelves in the cnter of te supemarket that ae divded ito dfferent parts o different nds of gos , like red fruit , ns , flour , condiments , ans , gins , rice , ec .
Als , a ecton or detergents , tissus , perfumes , etc .
u cn e some store fridges aoun t supermarket for drinks n day products lk mil , yogrt , ceese , uttr and cream . Al , cest rezers o ce creas . In oe coner , he sell coetics and a salesperson heps cutomer to find what he ed .
There is a cashir next to the xit and ou ca pa by credit card or ca .
When u tal with someone , do u eer think abo your ord before ou say em ?
A lot of us never think before we pak nd that is not good .
o ust think a little t beore yu speak as one word n ause a lot of pain fr othrs for the rest of eir lives . o may nt tually notice tha , t you il feel wa I realy ma if someone says to y painful words .
It is clear ta everyone is prone to maig a mitke without vn ntcing .
o ample , a kd namd Michael .
Michael is a od oy nd he always lises to his mother . on im , Michael ws vry nry because he got a bad score in h test . when he ot home , hi mothe wa cooing and she asd hi what s wrong .
He sai b words that he would regret saying . he wen to hs room . Michael closed the door an knew at that omet he had ae a misake .
Da rind ,
It w grt to hear from you again .
In your ls mail y tod me about you lk of time fr enjoyin ur hobbies .
I can undrsand ow dfficult is decision must be .
However , if I er you , I woul do hat I ae alas wanted .
And I kno which ubject yu 've always been itereted in : usic .
I remember he you told me ne u wer playig a violin for fou ours .
So , a go idea would be to keep yourself doing reativ thngs .
Anywa , u old alays do some sot in ur extra - fe ti .
As it 's fte said : a good bod maes a oo mind .
I 'm looing orwar to hearing from yo again .
Tll me wt you decide .
Loe ,
Anabel
I do n't lk public transport .
It is ow , inefficient and dngerous .
I prefer traveling in a r or by mtobike . I feel safe .
In my family , we travel in a taxi , because a taxi is ast and secure .
Tody I fet bad in public trnport .
It was slow .
lso , I ca s the ar pollution is tllst .
Cmaring as and buses , t car is me exesive hn th bus , because the a is mfortable and fste .
Te taxi is too .
In the morning , I go to shol by bu with my brothers , ut th get up earliest .
I prefer travelling in te cr .
One on a tm , ther was a litt man cald ichael . That man a th heart of a litl child an the courage of a bi mn .
He had a girlfind caled Sinha , who was a il with a bi heart ut , unfortunately , a brken one .
One day , Michael decided to thow a surprise party for Sna to mke her hap and make h feel his lv re , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for h , he ws bus all the time and did not how off all week as usual . Ta mad ina worried n she sspected that Michae i no love hr any oe ad hd m noter girl , d she becae xtremly sa , n it o even worse wen Micha asked h to go to his apartment to give her th surprise bt he dd ot answer his phone aftr that .
When he ae e started crying an tough he would bek up wit he n she d no giv i a chance to talk or explain anyting . She started to cr loudr nd acuse i of cheating . That made Mihal astonishd at how s d t tust in m , how she thought that abt m , and he told he ht he could not stnd that anyore , he would rek up it he , an he left . Michael closed te door and knew at tha moent he had made a mistake .
There 's no quetion whh is my favourit restaurant in town : e Seade . I will tll you wh and aso why it 's so appropriate for us , as a lass , to have our last frwell dinner here .
Our cas ha changed ver the years , wit get clasmates leaving and omng . We hav always been welomng , n ot eat towards h new os .
It 's nt necessary to be nic and nd to evryon , b our clas actually is . At th wekends , th hol cas gather togeter at different vnts .
I hink te welcomng process in he beginning is crucial o tis felloshp we ha oday and probbly in 10 years o .
Wha I just sai is wht h restauant , Seaide , mens to me . Welcomin .
Fellowship .
At he Seaside , o are genuinely welcomed at te firs doorstep , ty accept yo whoever you a .
This mak t
It all stared at the Paso Insitue in h art hitor cass . Studens of the race of Fine Arts . In the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigned a task to hi students , sying :
-To begn this cous , I ant to be sue o know t meaning of t , so I wt it translated into a supture or paintng made by yurselves , without ay specifi technique , oly your iaginatin , and wth this y will explain to me what t is .
Hs excited sudents began going to their hom with this wr , inc they had oy 4 das to fulfil their tas .
After 4 days , they all ca wi spectaculr pictures , portais of people , large sculptures , apart from ne stdet . Her ne w Sandra . She arrived wth a piec of crumpled aper , on wic he d ol wrten a name in a differnt style of leter , onl the reflectd , expsing te momen everyoe laughe at her for h work , but the teacher id :
At is cmplex , nd seeing ha everone lughed at the rk of h classmate , I can e that oboy understood the real mening , sne rt is different for each person , each ceates a different definition , so we mus repect ac persn and undersand tat each peson is a diferent wrd a eeryon is art .
A stuent that really oved hi , n reflect so apologetic , a wn ot of the room , closing th door , ad Michael knew then tat he had mde a mistake .
In fact , this topic is very imptant in our moden times .
My favorite spt affects me greatly . I 'm a kung - fu igher .
This sport is my favorite , u sometimes I hnk abut leaving hs sport , becae lael , I hae blood , so I think a lot about leaving th sport , ut it is doinate to me .
It kes me like an animal wen i 'm tandin and getting rad to fih . I 'm convert into the nemy . I 'm a fucking ghost n I can kill anyone w tries to top me .
So , I 'm ealy tinking about leving tis sport .
Evryday I get up early d exercise in the garden with my rends . I eercise oe and moe to irove myself and become the best fihte in the wld . I 'm a champion of my spt , so , I sek to put al my efots no being the bt in the old . Final I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
Hello to everybody ! !
Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits of earnin another languae .
I am fro Spain , so my ntive lnguag is anish .
I stared to sud aothr language wen I ws a child . I started learning Engish , because eveyoe said that English was the langug of t futr . When I inished school , I tried to study French bu it was too dificul for me .
I ave to y ha studying anthe language gives you mor opportunities , ecause these dy o eed to know thr languages to fn a ob a be or intelligent hn yor colleagues to et the work d hat 's reat .
An ody it is necessary , because if you an to travel around the world and meet people and have conesations with them , you ee to kno mor than yr native languag , because in t rest of the world , and particularly in urope , people kow more than two langages a tat 's grea .
I tink learning another language ver has drabacs , bcause all o learn is good o yu ad your brain . You evr stop lerning n things .
The dys , most people eel cofortable travelling by car and so thy beiee tt pulic tansort is not going to continue r og .
oweer , I do t agree with em , becuse in most pars of the world ass trasport ystems e stll popular and the r evironmentally friendl and cst - efficient .
Firsly , ubli b sevies r very popular in mo ats of the wod .
In most pat of Europe , pole till efer pubic buses insted of ca for travellng .
ecodly , pulic transport is environmentally sound in comparison to priate vhcles .
It carries more pope , wle a prvate vehicle carres fewe pele .
Pubic buses prevent mr cas fo pollutg th environmet .
Finally , pulic transport is cost - efficient .
eole need to send or money on ful if th want to travel to the se destination by private ehicl .
In conclusion , althgh the r is convenin for rvelling , it is nt enough to being an ed to blic transportation .
In the towns of t ftre , ca for the environment ll be one of t most importnt things .
Peope ve conciencied themselves that the need to repect nature ad the plaes where we live .
Humn bing hve destoye or environment ovr time , and now he earth is in dangr .
Th irs lace we eed to car aou is our near place , te twn .
I ike to tk out th tash evey nigt a I r to reycle my trash , throwing it awy in different bags .
I ave recently bought an electric cr as a subtiute for my traditonal car .
An elctrc car is less harmful to h environment .
When I go o to the countryside , if I lnch there , I take ce to cla te roun .
I ike neither dirty peple r iry pace .
In the future , I hope to live in a lean tn a I 'm ue that most people are nw hinkig this way . We need to take care of our town beause noboy likes to live in a dump .
Military service is miliary training which means peopl hv to join the army or vountar servc or a peod of time .
In Korea , people have to do military service for at lea 2 years .
Similarly , eple hae to do it r 1 year in Taian .
hee is ebat about whther everyone should hve to do milary service when they reach 18 ars old .
Wih supporters mantainig that it is impotat fr national secuity and maks people matur , whilst oponents claim that military servic has effects on people 's studies and people should have eedom of coie .
Firstly , evr country rquires stability ad ms be proteted by strong rmd foces fr naional securt .
If a r or ohe danger hreaens the safty of a cuntry they can not e elp fm thr counries immediately .
Therefore , people accept ht miliary serice cud be an easier a to protect their ontry .
In prticular , some countries wth small populaions have a pocy that people need to do militry srvic to develop it a powrful ountry .
Secondly , it is mortant fo people to become maue en th complete military service , which probably is a particular experience at 18 yars od .
In addition to havin hr physical trainng and getting different spial sills , pope also a improve eir persna qualities through militry service .
Consequently , people could be more inpendent an stron . They seem to ecom matur earlier tn othe peole w do not do militay servic .
In contrast , oppoent of military srvice point o tht education is the first vital thing for peoe who reac 18 years old .
Military service maly improvs phyical fitnss , but euation might be complete betr in school at tha ae because it has a professinal teacher team a a go study atoshere , peope usually find it esie to concentrate on learng knowledge .
For istanc , some countrie allow people to do military sevie after a heir courses have finished .
Additionally , critics rgu tat countries e ale to all peple to hve freedom of choce about military service .
Sme people a unwillin to do mlitary sevie , while om pope volunteer for military service nd possibly njoy it .
Furthrmore , it lo an espect rights of people , epecially omn wo are no able to aap to the har training .
In coclusion , it can be cocluded that miitary service is necessary r natnal security d good r pole to improve thmselves .
h best course of aton would be for government to attempt to llow eole to volunte fr it when they hv cmpleted their studies .
Dar
Lou
Tis is Danbi frm ueecx13 .
By or favor , I ca sty at UN from nt year .
I really appreciate your encouraging us every time in class .
Best wishes f a wnderul holiday seasn d a vey happy ne ear .
I li in a sll city in the mddl of Vietnam .
Thi cty does n't ae a lot of ctiens u it 's a touri city .
So in he streets we alwas have a lot of tsh can .
It will help people not thrw h garbage in the street .
In our ity , we have a billbad to urg peole to y attetion to h environment .
In t schols , we set up a workshop to tl sudents ho important e environmet is to ou lve .
The citizens of h ity wat to ild the city ih the slogan " The city is green - lan - beautiful " .
So ey are aware of he need to help the city achiee tha .
So vryone brings the trash to he plce permissin .
Evey year we have " earth hour " .
In ts our , many pepl tu ff the lights in their house to sav eergy ad roect the environment .
I am vr proud of h awareness of my cit 's people .
I wish a lot of people aund t wol cold see the importance of the environet .
And they have to a to protect it .
I wa in a museum in New York ooking at all the bautful paintings d sculptures , we I heared the meum alarm . Everyone ws araid , including me .
The polic were chasing a thief tat stole a paintig , but he escaped istantly .
T poice let al the pole go .
I wnt to my aprtmet ad trnd on my TV a I saw on the news th te bndi h escaed wih 3 paintings .
I dcied to solve the case .
I ent to the mueum n followed ll the cls ad I foun a boke sculpture .
I search for any clues ad I foun something . It s a pie of ppr with an address on it .
I went to he address and he I o thee it appeared to be an abadoned house .
I decied to wait ad hide in e bshs if I sw soeone entering .
In the ght , I saw a hadow enterng te house .
I carefuly proached he window of the hou nd I s two men it the paintings .
They eft the ose in a truck .
I followed em in a tax .
We er at the terminal of N ork . It was a very famous landmar .
Thr wer a lot of commuters on the erminal so I lo e two men .
I locate them instantly becaus I rcognized their hats .
I was fcal to them .
They threatened all he peole cuelly , so l the sighsers were angry with the .
Hoever , te layu of te terminal was unknown to me , so I a completely ls .
We got on a rain . The ceiing was comfortable bu everyone was complaining about the w mn .
When we aried , we were on the other side of he city of ew Yok . The features ere so common because it was a go economic ad conveninly bcause it would atact more tuists .
I finaly trapped them . Their names ere Luciu owley a Bob Prke . I told he police ad e police put tm in jail .
And e paintings r in the museum agai .
Peter looe at his watch a kn hat he had to do somehig immediately .
Today is a very importa a for his uture .
h wac showed the time ws 9.30am ad there were 2 hours left bfoe he mt go to te lce that made s heartbeat so fas .
He ad an interview to t a scholarship so that he could pursue hi ram of sdying medicine in Irlnd .
He went to the bus sation to catch the bus .
He took a few minutes wlkng to the bus stton fo his house .
Afe t us arrived , he got on and half an ou lter he arrivd at e destination .
he he took a w steps rom the b he w the ver tll bilding where h interview plae was located .
Aft aiting o an hour , th ie ame d , bravly , with a hig onfidence leve , he walked into th office .
Suddnly , his water fload n eas dropd from his eye .
e interviewer wo wa siting in front of him w a person with bl eyes th he rlly loved .
he situation suddenly hange .
ete , witout hesiating , hugge h interviewer , who was a man about 40 years old .
The m , who was crying tgether with hm , was s father who had let Peer and his mo because they had ivoced 6 ear g .
Th te iteriew came a meeting betwen a fthe a a n that was realy touching .
Kill tw irds th one toe is a perfect iom to descrbe eer 's siuation , becase he got s belovd faher ck a n still pursue i dream of studyin in Ireland .
Helo ,
I want th job at h summer camp . I ill look ater cldren between 8 - 12 yas old . I ill help to organise spos and evenig acivitis a , if you want , I cold work in the ktchen .
if i have the ob wrie soon
Victoria
Hello ! I am beginning to udy technical nglish .
I need this orse for my new job .
I at to do this cous , ecuse it will help me to nlare my voabulary .
d I ned your help wih ti .
Wou yo ik to do this ourse with me ?
Please , wte me a lst wth t words hat I eed for technical conversation .
Thank you ery much .
Dear Teacher May
I am writing to give my opinion of te restaurant " e ray t " . It is a vey good restaurant .
First , the reaurant has a id viety of food .
The chef can make he nu of the day for dinner or u an chos from a pecial menu .
T purpose of te chf is soup and creamed orn to start , beef medallion cverd bitesweet of arrt ace ith nuts d the dessert is chocolate cae with cheese .
The amosphere is also very good . It hs live mui wi different bands .
y an choose from o rk or op bnds d e DJ .
The cs is reasonable .
Te pak has a cost of $ 350 per person .
Ca a TV programme entertain and educate at e se im ?
Nowadays , it is th most impotant challenge r television .
Pole complain about how te inormtion in differnt TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learni . That 's why mny of thee programmes ae considered ash , becaus of t muliple shows su as reality hows , tlk hws , or showbiz tha harly eer ave a go ssage or something interesting o pope .
A goo example of these shows are w people r paid to c in reality or tk shw where hy how exggeated or hiariou family problems , wher t nl aim is to e a bigger audience .
Anothr good exmple are the edlss showbiz that have appeare recently . Ts type of program is on where e inforation is oten gosp out h personal liv of amus sngers and actor without aing nt accot whther they are tre or not .
It 's a ty to knw that on a fe programs eit tht try to educate peope wt e most up - to - at nformtion through documentari , investigation , ultural or pinin progam , which in my opinon help us to aquir mr knowledge .
Knoledge hat sometimes is uknown en though it is prt of the general culure or proper of the history of our contry .
I thik in th uture pblic transport wo n't exist because we ill rve u own cr .
We ou drve your own trnspor , a car for example , you go to and frm a speifc plce , ut on a bu , y go to the b op and ot to yur hos or choo , work ...
It is beter for the people to be more comfortabe bcause you drive and not the other person . I know sm people , rivers , began han't t work , ut he pblic ransport is free and is free because it is the goernent o pay . This money bacame do to mk oe work f others .
ot everything is good . Som pople haven't g money and ca n't go to nothr plce nd the polution is incrasing . It is a serious proble and t solution is oly for ih people . Th soluion is buying an electric c . Te other solution , more economica , is for h government to gve money to the peple to buy an electr car .
I do n't kow wh is better ; no public transport , or pubic transport .
ere is no fure for plic tranport , snce everybody prefers to use their w c .
Time is aluable or erybody an nobody is bothered aout money .
The traffic is very eav noadas , so it will be dificult to rech yr office on tim .
Public tranort is alwys crowded , so it is o comfortable to ravel on .
Fi yur o in " Scary Mie "
I sed to nore thrilers due to my fraie art , but my md is changed o ater watchin ts film .
Te film is entitled " Scary Movie " n was direct by Keen Ivory Wayans .
Ths story is out a murderer who compltes h mission : kill everoe ta he hated .
In h d , only o pero could be ali , evn thogh those arificed tried to escape this horrible rsul .
Th is a tory of horor and cedy combine .
I ca not fid a wor to deribe ts film eaiy . ha can I sy is you will regret it if y miss this il .
Te first reason is that all the atrs so ther talent in this fl directly n the audiece an follow thei ste nd t stoy certainly . his essental element also gies geat succs to he film .
Besids , th attractive storyline has a ot of climx , so tht everyone cn watch this fim from te beginning to te nd and this creates the billion b office to this film .
However , I think the props shud be improvd , such as he ller 's knife d the actors ' costumes . e knife looks as britle as a handicraft , and I elieve those are second - and cohes . I think hs is a pty in his mvie .
Finall , your bravery cn be increased after watching this film .
What e you waiin for ? Go d chec it ot !
Hi everne , my name is Jaime and I ve a wife and a lile child .
My wife 's name is Maritza . She is 30 yers o . She is a beautifl a jofl woman . My sn 's na is Raf . He is 3 ears d . He is a ry andsom an fun cid .
My wi likes to go ou wen she is fr . h likes to isi tourist lace .
My s liks playing sport . He is vr lite u he pas fotball . He is a ver actie child .
I 'm studying medicne . This mar is vey challenging althugh stressful , becue te slf - std is every da and the is a ot of inormtion .
This ajr involves everyhng . We always av to cosier al h possibilities to complete homework , yo have to know the maximum ssible nformtion to be able to complete it .
When ou get the answer or soltio , yu cn e at l th efort s worthwhile .
Our teachrs a octors nd they a in charge of teaching us bou teamwork , so it 's comn that one / two eope do all h ok ... wit ts I wat to y , it is rewarding when our eache asks soething and we no the answer because we wee able to sudy e whole topc .
I have eperience of ging to te hospital n it wa vey interesting .
I dealt th medicine student who r superior to me , fr example , dotor and srgeons .
I could onl oversee what they do to obtain vsual experience and ko wat surgery as like .
Hw to larn English
It 's prven ta to learn a foreign language , you ave to go abod .
You can study har fo year , bt if o ae n't obligated to u Engih o everyday things , ou wo n't become goo at it .
Ther are n't oter options .
Of course , studin in a foreg country also h disadvantages .
First , it cos a ot .
Eve ough there are ts of diferent possbilities an scholarships , not everybody can ffod them .
iving abroad , en for a short tie , uld be very stressl and people an fe homesick .
Despite that , there are moe reasons to study abad .
It is a ry useful xperienc in mny ways .
Yu will learn better an fastr ha stdying at he .
In addition , visiting new countries d meeting new ulturs , hels to open your mind and to fostr a ot .
I ve done seval school tris in e past f years d I 'm ing to do it gain for sure .
Hi Patty ,
My me is Lucia Pérez .
I am 14 years old .
I live with my broher and my prent in a house in Punt Carretas .
I like goig to the ciema to atch movie .
I lke travelin with my fail and finds . I le travlling ecause I can get to kno ew peope , paes ad cultures .
I do n't have a favourie subject , but l ike English because we can comunicate al over the wld .
I love my cousin 's house , so I always visit him .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He goes to laa Jackson High school .
He ivs in Prado so I ae to ae two buses and th is ve tiring .
The names of my est friends ae Agustna , ilia and Micael . We e strne friends . We e in 6º ogether n that 's wn we beame friends .
My name is Facundo Mdoza .
I 'm iften yar ld .
I ive in La Paz , in a house with my mher a my father .
I ave wo pets ; a o an a bird .
I li atcing televsion , plaing compute aes nd wiming .
My favourite pes of fm ar sciece iction , aimtion an historil .
My fvourite film is Avatar because the effects are mazing and t sound is ery god .
My favuite types of gms e adveture , wa , hisorical and orror .
I play oline with people from all oe e wrld .
I ent to a club f t years an I am there for t years .
Sometimes I go to the beach and I wim in th sea .
I refe playig football to playin basketball .
I play baketball at school .
I w born in 196 on the 3t of Janry .
Carbohydrates ae essential f a ealthy di .
They provide ergy r o odies .
Nutritionists reommend a quarter of a prson 's diet should cntan carbhydrtes .
When yu body takes in an isuffcient amout of carohydates , he protein elaces the ak of carbohydtes to supply the body with enegy .
An this will cause diseases in the ong run .
Der reade ,
My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 yea .
I am from Sweden but I have ee living in Barcelona inc I was yun .
Noaday , I am studying for a degree in economics at he Unvesity of Barcelona .
I am alying for t vacanc in th sumer camp .
I have ome exerience working wi chldrn age between 5 an 17 yeas .
Lt ar I was working ery Friday ad Suny at a ski ca in la Masell .
ls , last smme I went to the Unted States and I was working in a summer camp .
Now r compay is going to do multdimensioal oerations , not st focus on furniture , u lso on home appliances .
In addition , we will adjust th comay 's management structure in ea department depending on h market 's reaction d h evironmet .
Like retailer ,
We have old ou products to te KA system r a ew years . Hoever , he poducs that we sold were usuay popular consumer gos . It mans cheat and we hv no entr bstacles for other suppliers .
In addition , it is hard to coect money fm the KA system .
An beause we ae o ow factories n profesioal machines , we can easly avoid price competition .
To mae high obtcle furnitur , like R - anle wooden cabinet , high goss cube .
We il researh the market dand bae on r core proucts , ad prodce high - qulity products .
or te fatores , beaue h Chinese demgraphc dividends are not ik before anymore , low price an undiversified produts should become verity and premum oods .
Focus on se experiee , inventive , unique and u cr products
Therefore , we ae reforng nd making high - th items , ikes LEDs , photoelectric , vcuums , stea mops , etc .
Ue this or technology to develop ow machne , ar purifiers , irns , c .
eside , factories a keeping going on our proessional items and service like , high gossy , ut painting and 4-side dge salng , honeycom bord , t .
Aso , for our ie cks , plastic
rducts .
And stll working had to build o own brn .
Nadays , people have a l of fea of polution of e plant .
l governmets are incresig their plicie and laws relating to this topic and they lo promote new rules in t ail life of h population .
O of the nw rules fo the reduction of pollution in t iies is public trnsprt .
ccording to the general world laws bou global warming , eah country h considered t ow aguments about it .
I c gie as an example w big cities aroun th world cn reduce polltion re .
London is a good exple , and Barelona , to .
These itis do n't allw people to dri in the city cere , d e industr reduce its taxe if it 's increasng the plitc nature .
My ci is a go exple , too .
h wn mayor a given h popuatin a free s .
It 's a good dea to remove traffic jams .
I tin , in conclusion , all people should have good behavior ad an pe mind and tey ad mysef also should ae ulic transport moe often .
My ountry is h best contry in te world .
I loe it so much .
We hve differnt cultures hr , and o main languages ; Arbic and Amazgh .
orocco is a kindom , like pain and England . We hav a ing ad pince .
My da in London !
I we to London in th summer .
I ikd London , becaue there r a o of great hngs .
On Monay , me d my friend Chrissy wet to Big Ben .
we et to t Trocadro .
But the best was the Guards of Bukingh Plae .
Chrissy made a uny face u h gards did n't say anythin .
We h er , very good eather .
It w fantatic .
The temperture was over 20 degrees .
We tavlled to London by plan , bt to come bak we travelled by a and boat .
Afte we ca ack , I ol my amly verythng .
Evirnmental changes a really nedd in h rrent stuatio .
People contribution is very importnt in this mate .
The report xplains w my tow 's people tke re of their surroundings to preserve this plnet in a beter ay .
Firstl , hbrd ar are only llowed to be used during weekends . As a sult of his , most people do not ue ter cs al week .
Ts atitde ha reuced the enormous aoun of smoke pollution from xhaust pipes .
Governmet policy changs el a lot with watr resevation .
ay fctores ae following the regulations n no draining the hrmful waste in h wate .
condly , closd tra bins re prided for the pople in order to collect t wst n recyling .
People cm forwd and ulise these bins effectively instea of throwing rubbish away .
As a esut of tis , the wn looks clean compared to previous decde .
In additio to that , recyclable wse is sold and h money is giv to the relevant pron .
This givs motivatio to t publc d he cn rn by using he rigt way to dispose of their waste .
Thirdly , public toies ave een opened or he pulic to eliinate e hai of urinating in public places .
To cuncl t only enourge people to plant trees or gardens , it ubsdises their gree iprovemets .
Example , fe erilizers , water pumps , and pesticides .
In summay , peole te mny iniiativs and e movig forward to have a sa and attractive environment and surroundings .
My favorite sport is footbal .
Ts is an international sport beaue in all parts of world the a people tht ty lay it .
Football is a famous sport . Yu can watch it on TV or you ca se it live . There are a lot of levl categories , h most famous caegory is th irt .
People ht play in this category are famous although you can ee thm on TV . If yo wat to be a big football player , o must practise more time a yur life should be healthy .
o mus cae bout ur fo an your habits so th you ave a healthy od .
This sport is the best in the world and t mot fmous an I think at it is he mot njyed .
Soccer is he best sport for me because yu a get ft , met other popl and participate in ompettions .
If y want to start doin this pot , you should be prepared to wor had .
This is a tory about a coutry wee there wer no cats .
O day , an ldely oreign lady visited the countr with no cats .
S av th king an adorble kitten ich h ha broght with her .
Godby letter
Dear Ms Cumigs ,
o ae yu ? I am fie .
I am very ad to hear u say that you are going to lve or schoo soon . I raly do n't wn yu to lae ths schol !
Because o are te est teacher in e hole world ! Many of our clasmates ealy like you t ! We kow th you are going to teach at Dicovery - bay primary shool . My English reults ar eter sne y taught me . I really love yu , Ms Cumings ! Your frend Ms Dcok told me hat s is going to Australia , an I love u both . I hop you ht you will co ba sometimes !
Love , ian Kam 01.1.9
Th rah gen shows the seasonal sals of ice - ram from two places at an English saside resort fr 21 to 014 . They are , respectively , an ie - cream van nd an indoor public swimmin pool .
As the rap indicates , e ale at the i - cream v ee generally higher than hoe at the indor swimming pool .
In e cs of he ice - cream vn , it od os in u - S each year , nearly reaching 5000 dollars d it was still sightl increasing year by year .
Eve year , fro January to July , te sales sligtly inrease nd reced the peak in the trd season , then they gadually li ba to h year 's bottom .
Each year s nerly the sm .
In th case of the indoor wimming oo , its saes i n't have large chnges , it usually sold about 200 - 00 dolar ' worth in each season .
It sully sld most in A - un and ct - Dc n slid to t bottom in Jl - Se .
In general , its sal were fallg as time en by .
It a a ce ping orning .
Bth of thm wee yug , beautifu ad ave .
e u her p of ofee on t windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beatful little breasts , put rit r colourful light - inde skirt , oo r ornge sca and little ed handbag nd wn to t door .
He tod up ear the open window , sokd and looked at er wtout any words .
When she sad od - bye , he just oded .
When she loke at im fr ndr her long eyelashes , he trned away ad stared at the landscape otside .
Wh s left , Michael losed the door an knew at tha moment he had ade a misake .
Noadays , we cnstanly u eans of transpot to go everywhere so ht ou lifestyle .
ciety depnds on tm .
We are used to travelling by car , and , in fact , every family s one .
Despite ths , travllng by public rnsport can be a better option in so may cass .
Certainly , cities will be crowded in the future because the poultion is always increasing .
Using yr ow car to go to the iy centre old be a nightare . It woud be a stressful was of te .
nberable traffic jams n no arking areas wol be the mai problems .
Besides , th rce of petrol is increasing too , a it is likely it wl be so expensive tha mst eopl wi not be le to afford a r .
In conast , there wil be cheape alternatives like ues , trais or even plas for long distances .
On the other han , mny drivers ejoy traveling in their own ehicle bcause thy lk to rie an they feel free .
Finly , governments and soiety ae concerned about e environment and I thik that they will decrease lvel of pollion an 2 emisions .
In my opiion , public transot will t disappear , ev if cars are much oe comortabe , fater and more evolved than no .
ime is precious .
No n ca deny that tie is a bg fact in or lies .
Life is dvidd up in ters of time . We live through time , we grow it time
tl Now , we talk in ti and , fially , we perish after tim .
The world is chged by im .
Time never stops an does n't ait for anyone .
We must alue time . I hope my contry is like a developed country in making the best use of im .
nce a moment is ost , it is lost f ever .
It an never be gained . Ev te most powerful monarchs hve been helpless to prevent time .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I op not to wse it and to make he et use of it to givng opportunity for rising . Those w wat it , will be lft bend a they wil fa to ak a mar in ther life .
Te great me a successful guys bece famous and rose through the suitable us of ie . They a are guide d a souce of inspiration for a e generaton .
So , we cn a that time is a doube - edged swd , either helping you or against y , an h pouar saying is right : " do n't put off the wor of ts y to te nxt y " because o work wl acumulate . Then it will becom hrdr to finish it . To ensure te bs use of time in our lies , we ee to be punctual . Puntuaity avoids tension n trouble . Finally , even scietist have another vison of tme . Te have discoerd ha tme is the fourth dimension through rlaivity theory , which exchange all concpt in science .
I ca n't ay I hope tha im ill be more important in o lve ad we ne to save it .
My tow is ery small .
Its ne is Santa Mta d it is er Trujillo .
In my to , we ha a big swimming ool , five parks , for bares n e stat chol .
In my town , there are a lot of d people , an there re n many childe , because te ive in other cities .
I le my town becaus , wn I s a small gr , I et ere , nd I was with my granparent , my cusis and my friends .
My best friend lives in Madrd , but we always ued to be together in her house or in my grandrents ' houe .
I have been ery happy , nd today I am happy here .
Dear Anda :
Hw are you ? I am fine .
I mis y so muc . Ho is your baby ?
I could come to Madrid .
u and I could see ec other .
Net mnth , I am going to come to ur own .
Will you be able to go ?
It wl be fantastic !
I hope to see you oon .
Our fieds lways ask after you ad ur family .
Oh ! My brother , Dvid , is going to get married ! Surris !
I hope that you will be bl to com to the wedng .
My boyfriend a I hv a present f your little by , Nick .
I love yo so mh , my ar friend .
The digras below show o bank nots are mad though four steps an how bad sheets nd nots are disposd of .
To bei with , t forat of the bank not needs to be desned . ctors or cnideration include the backgound colour , the artrk and the ecurity issues .
econly , equipment such as skilled machinits and meta pates ae to be prared for te next steps .
Thirdly , they print h seets of ban notes ( 50 banks notes er she ) th special i , where oour is considered on both sides d images ll be slightly raised on the bank notes .
Most importantly , ey manually inspec each printed set in case there suld be damaged sheet .
Once damaged sheets are discovered , they indvidally sparate them into gd d a ons ad then un th bad ntes , maing ur tht the remaining sheets ae of good quaity .
Good sheets are cut ino separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other places , whie the bd oes have to be destroyed securely .
he movie wic I hae chse to ite abo is Mcrohone .
It is an Egyptian move starring Khle Aboelnaga and some ung actors . h acion of thi film takes pac in Alexadria , a cty in Egypt , and it is about ome young peope ho need a good cnce to deliver the voces to peop as hy do n't av uh mone to produce their w albums ,
tht sor of band is famous ang young peop and they al it " undeground band " . Their sogs give a big concenet to h poiical and social situation in gyt and they beame fmus ater the 25 January eolution . I choose this mve as it refects what apens in our sociey . Thre is no chnce for ong people and if they fi it , ey ace a lt of problem to sv it a hy do n't find time fr oer activities , d sometimes they wor on soething which they never learn fm or love .
I live in a small to , and there r a ew hing that my town de for e envroment : like recycling , or which we must kw wat maerial the hing we thro way re de of , and t the in th right dumpster .
Ths is a small a r us , but if we al contibute , it will be a big el for the environment .
We can also use appliances th do not conum so much , if we n adopt sustainable elecricl sstems or buy orgaic products .
In th big citis , he have begun to build reen buildings , tey use elctri puic ransport in der ot to pllute .
In my opinion , there may be an rules , ut if we do n't espct the , we will not help our habitat .
The most exciting da of my lie w May t last year , when I attended secndary scho .
I went to France with my friends and my teaches .
I wo up very early .
I caught te bus and I waved to my mum .
The I talked it my fried about u holda .
Aftr six ous , we hd unch in a as fod retaurant in France .
Ne , we isied a famous aquarium where I saw a l of fh .
It was interesting !
In th eveing we hd dinner in a particula restaurat and my friends and I ook many phots of a fmos igt .
I admred he sea wile my fiend loked aroun he hop .
The y after , we ent to a perfumery and I bought a present for my u .
My teacher wated us to speak French .
In the e , my friends and I umped int he sa .
It as crz .
I wll eve forget this experience !
e cat LOZAH
On a ice day , my oder broher surprised me .
He bouht a c .
It was the irst tme f me to play ih a ca .
It was a nice experience .
I called it LOZAH because its color was lie an almond .
An almond is caled O in abic .
LOZAH is four months ol .
It is emale t .
LAH plays with lls ad ropes .
It like my aptp and it pays with th cursor .
That is funny , t aks me nerous .
e LO cat is hiraz type .
It sleeps eighten hos er day .
The nice sleeping of it is whe it watche anime .
It plays th children er well .
When h cidren go u , it becomes sad .
I love is so hair .
It ases ants and flies .
It et hicken , tuna , milk and chse .
It htes waer .
Wn we nd to punish it we spead so rops of water on t ce .
I hop it will be a god ca d a od experience for me .
er Bob ,
my first job was as a babsiter .
I had to look after two little boys age seven d nie years ld .
I s seveteen yrs o we I deided to ccept ths job .
T parents of ths boys ee frids of my parents .
I as the babyiter of tho children r l that summer a I enjoyed myelf so much it them .
hey ived in a bg house with a lovely wimming oo wher we cold swi and play .
At the end of th sumer , I kept on seeing those by to help te durng te school year .
This experiece helpd me a lot because I became mh moe responsibe , not oly with those boys , but alo with my brother and sister ( I have tw brthers and n sister ) d I learned the meaing of oking and earning money .
I dd n't have prolems becuse e chldrn wer qut an respectul , and ls because I had knwn hm snce they were born .
I hope to have aswerd ll your questions .
ae a good wrk
cla '
I grew up in a one - paen famiy .
Smetimes I felt tha I wa alone and not loed .
However , we were lucky ough to have a gret mother ho ried her et to suppot my older bothe , my old sister and me in completing or college studies . Of cose , my uce , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go though the hard times , so ta ade us ofen elp ach other in my family when a meer was in difficulty .
In particular , I ws the yougest member of e family , and I caused uh more trouble when I was youg .
I truanted and d not pay atention to my sudies .
That as elly h iggest ar to a ar - wokng oman like my moher who tre her best to fee me and help me compete my sudes .
All h mebers of my family never ve up on me , nd I inised my college studies , too . I have a oo job now .
I do really thank my mother d al the members of my family f being patient and exertion to me . No we have a great relationship wth each other and treasure te happiess we have t no so asly .
So , ar t membs of my family my bt frind?I'll answer you : thee 's ot mch bett anwe tn Yes !
Hw my town takes ca of he environment
Frst of all , let me intrduce my town . I lve in Kbu , th capital of fghanistn .
hs tow is locad in the central zon of Afganitan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more th see million inhabitants . Th economic an secrity situation is ot suiale and tse factors have a iect effect on hw we care for t environment .
The mos impotan factor in environmental improvement is the lack of the required knowleg among he lca people .
Based on neesity , th people and goverment of ths town together effectually tae car of e nvironmet .
Te municipality of th town collects e garbg from h streets nd oad d ships it to a
pecial area .
ortuntely , Kaul is surounded by munains nd has a mountainous climate . his ow has aproximately 15 mm of an r year . he earkable agricultrl ara and fresry al aroun the town ave a positive effect on abul 's envrnment nd produces fresh i for the citizens of h town .
There is no futue for public tranport .
I gee wit ths point .
blic transort is usy owadays .
Mo people ar usng it a it is gettig rush .
It is rating a lo of oblems by sanding on the edge of the buses and mros .
Ding sors is my hobby because I find it intresing ad it aks me ealthy .
Actually , there are a t of kinds of sprts at I ke , bu the most nteresting spr for me is fotball .
Usually , I pla football wt my friends in a stadium .
I suest o do sports cause it makes us healthy .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am interete in wokin with y .
Th is an excellent opportunity for me because I want to or as an English techr .
I studied in an Englsh shol nd have been learning nglsh sinc I as a chid . My teacher we al atie speakers d I always practised my Englis with them .
Latr , I tudied to be an Eglih teaher at th university of Extremadura .
I am an English teacher nw .
I ke the childrn a worin with hm .
hey ae very go puls .
They learn and understand English very el .
I worked in e Eglsh holiday school this year d I ae lared a lot throgh this experience .
I orgnized actiiies like sports , visits to ites , festivals , ec .
I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , they tac me to be a bette person . I hve more patnce w and I know how to be happy .
I le alone , so I always cook my n food .
oking is oe of my hobbies . I like to ea vy well and I cook several kinds of foods .
I ink that I am the right person for yor job becaus I have all ht u r looking o .
I ook forard to your reply .
Yours Faithfully
Selea Lópe
My fvorie sprt
There a so my port in h wrd , like basketball , basell , running , yoga , wiming , and so on .
Everyone has their fvorite sports .
ne pern likes goin hiking , others likes dancng , still others ik playing
volleball .
And , so do I. I lso lk srts .
e n wic I lk most is badminton .
Wh is my favrite port adminton ?
There are a number of reasons .
Frt of all , exercising ca ma o
become more healthy .
ecnd , playing badminton can activae your ole boy , lik hands , ar , feet .
hrd , whe I
play it wt someoe , whether ju for fun or for a competition , my boy feels so hot in hirt minutes .
Tn , it a be payed inoor , and it cn be played in the sun .
Finally , I am good at playing badminton .
Paing badminton can do lo of reat ting or you . Apart from being goo for yur health , it can ls be a lot
of fun a o can play with family or friends appily .
If someone sked me what e best sport is , I wuld a :
badminton is .
My favourite spr is badmntn because I used to play it whe I was a chl and I loved it .
It seem to me a complete spot , bease ou a play it in pars or in an indvdual way .
To be good at badmnon you need to preare yourself in a hyical way but also t psychological part is vy imortant .
You have to be bl to play fo a lg ti , to analyze ur oppoen 's mistakes to wi an to have the easure of your nery so as not to be exhausted fore th match is oer .
For someone wh is starting this sport I would giv st ne iee of advce : enjoy youelf .
ecause if u ae tryi to in , you wll lose e most iprtant thing : discovering how wonderful playing a sport ca be .
Nwadys , oug people r influenced by te wesern culur , so they e geting more fashion - conscios . Youngsters are interested in earing difernt stylish and cloful clothes . hey ar apy abut wearng diferent olo clots . They do n't wn to wear ur traditional dress , such as sai , dhoti , choi an my more . They only like to wea shirts , pans , skirts , t - shirts ad many more . Youngsters are nflunced by watchg difernt programmes on televison .
port is an impotan part of my life .
Two years ag , when I as stll in scol .
Many classmate wn to iffeent ections of the prt .
B I could n't go wh he at the time . I was sick a lot .
On da , my friend invited me to karate .
He gav me 3 days to ink abou it .
I decided a wet .
It was strange , ecuse I never went to sorts .
Fom the time I trted going to karate .
After Afe one month , my instructor told me tha I would enter e ompetition .
I wa vey worried and nervous .
The day of the competiion arrived n I went with thrs to show ho I 'd practiced .
Then nstructor sd my name d I went ot on the atami . When I lf I had a pecil feeling ; many peole we lookin ad lapping .
It ook 3 minutes . I o wt three acounts o .
I . I s vey happy because it was my firt compettion .
Aftr the end of te competition , we wee l awrded meals n certificates .
Then as lays , they played th Kazakhstan national anthem .
This te I fe ke a Champion . It was a reay special eling .
he I go to karate I 'm not even sick .
prt has gin me a boost of vtaliy , eergy , and optimism and strengthened my immune system .
My most xcitig day s Jne 8t 04 ; an international copetition in Belgium .
The day before , ter wee the qalifier , which I passe .
e day of the fnal , I was so nervous , but determined .
Ther were athletes w were uropan hampions nd I gathered all my ourag and I d my exerciss ey well , except fr a fall from he bem .
After the comptiton I was rlaxe d happy , becaue I h doe my job .
In the d , I laced 7th for both beam ad floor , and afer we took te phtos , I wt bc to th changing oo .
When I left , some grls we outside of he dressing roo ith a sheet of per an a en in their hands nd tey ake me for an autograph .
I as reall surprised and happy . I old ever hae though at could appn !
The ltte grls thanked me , hen I wen to eat wih my tea and e day after we we back to Ita .
An es rcipe is cookies .
You ed utte , flor , sar , es , vanill nd chocolate .
Mi the butter , eggs ad vaila .
The mxtue us be smooth a compact . our the chocolate and cut e cookies into a round shape .
Bake tm for 15 minutes .
ea rs. Moran
I am witing with regard to finding acountng services or my company .
I kn tht you ve experinc in searching go th bst eployees d y hav quality .
I need th services for a year , so ca u provide those srvics ?
I need my employees to be punctual an tht th have responsibility in thir jo becaue we are talking about h money of t company .
Thank o or yu hel and I hope you wil find the best cmpany for me .
Yours sincerely
Alejandrina
The world is chaging .
Technologies ae oing on at high sped .
As te technologicl world is moving as , he automoile industry is ls coming up with new tpes of cars & scoters tat wor in ey economical way .
Buying rs d scoots is mr cvenient hn in the last decade .
In a few decds , people 's earnings and lifestyes ae as changd .
eope ow buy cars d scooes accordg to thi conveience and pockt .
eviously , people ud to u bses , taxis , aut for goig to office , schoos , collees , shopping tc .
Which ws a tm - consing d obviously cheaer wa of cmmuting om one place to another .
Since the world of toy is a ti - savng world , people do n't ca aout their pocket .
Usig piate veicles is ore convenient or them han usig pulic transpor .
So pulic transport 's importane is decreasing every day .
If it so tere will come a time whn individual people will not be interest in publc transport .
Ti ha a tremendous ipact on oth asects of lie .
Fue consumpon as incrased in a few years .
Te number of ars d motorbies is the reason or heavy traffic everywhere .
The rate of road accidents s increased in a few decades .
People do not en ce about safety paraetrs while driving on te roads .
I st say that pblic transport is a lifeline in today 's world .
UBIC TRANSPORT
Public transor is a ver useful resource . Y a travel without polluting the amosphee nd it is vey cea .
But , y ill it disappear ?
Nowadays , we usualy travel ver often to many ifferen places , so for us , it is ore comfortable to travl in our cas , t or the amosphre and f our walets , it is n't .
Using public transport we will avoid traffi an so many accidents , so why do n't we use it more ?
It wuld be a grea advance o peole and fr t atophere , d r countris as ell , bcause we wil save a lt of mny .
I reommend yu to use blic transport .
I think that family memers ca n't be frieds because the relatonship is very ifferet .
The a my good asons to say tha .
Firstly , fail is th bas of the reationhip .
Scondly , athough rienship a love r th most important feelings , th aily structures h eron an influences the behavior .
I feel about my fami in a diffent ay ro my friends .
Altouh I ve a ood relatonship with my parens , I cld n't think of them as friend .
ome people think ha hi is ossible , ut I isaree ecaus it confuses ols in the amily .
Te parents he to ive education to the chilren and , obvioly , love .
In conclusion , I think tt the two lationships are different .
Perhaps I think ta thi statent is fale because I think hi statement sold ay that public transot is going to ext in th futu because travelling by car is o so muh ore convenient .
I thik that travelling by car is god becaus y hve your own sat and in e winter yur cr is t and you can aso listn to h rdio .
On public transport , u do n't have our n seat , so someties y ravel tanding up , hich is ot very cmfrtable , nd in winte o do n't av i conditioning , so if it 's old outsie , it 's cold inside t . Sometme o hv to tral with si pope ta can transmit the illness to u .
On the other hand , ublc transport does n't pollute , but the a plltes , so , or us , travellig by car is better ha travelling by ublc transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transprt han to travel by ca .
My bedroom is ght and modern .
The walls are gee and blue . On he green wall there re sme of my photos , and on the ll there are sm photos belonging to my brother .
There is a bedside abl betwee two beds . On hs there re t aarm cloc and the ook that we ar reading .
There ae two wardroes ; oe for me and one f my brter .
hre is a stere systm on th bench an arranged round the ro there are a lot of pupts .
Tere is a clothes hanger na h window ad te curtains e yellow , gren , blue , violet and hte .
Near my bedrom , there is a little rom . In tht oom there r my red dsk , a white bookshelf and a loe .
Hello , my name is Habiba Hamdy . I am iteen yars ld n I ve in Egypt .
I like nglsh ve much . I like learning w lanuages and things .
I am not a luent paker of English u I hope that I will be on ay .
Wt makes me lke learnin new languages is how it helps me communicate wt othrs sily . I lso like traveling so muh , as it makes me see new lacs nd learn more about other countries around e wrld a their culture an traditions . Howve , I do n't trave otsde my country beuse I am a tdent d I do n't hae my own mony whih I an spend on whatever I ike .
My dream for when I ro up is that I will trae a lot around h wrld , mry a romatic , unny person , have a od life and be a good mohr ike my mther .
Years ago I as ver worried about wat wold happen in th fure .
Abot t polution , technology , oesiy and otr thins around the world .
Nobody cared how we lve .
t , these days , people think differently , ad are starting to lp the world d .
Pollution is a i proble for us nd te plnet .
In the pat , peope bough tings , n the did n't ce w dngerous ey were f e planet .
Now , eole are more aar and they kw how dangerous is f the plnet .
Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies ave advertisements about helping e lnet .
Moreover , from kinderaren , schools are ecating about taking care of the planet , simply by doig things ike eparatng te garbag .
besit and thr things bot help , is a ery iortant topic , cause people are dying becau of this problem .
For example , he y of preparing fod can be dangers because a lot food hs artificia tigs that are o good fo us .
To turn to , alreay people cook organic oo with mre ntural prducts without chemicals .
But this ind of food is xpensive and people c not buy it .
Tehnoogy has good thing and ad sides .
Technology is dancing very fast , in the bes way . This is goo or us beuse we will do a t of thing .
aybe , in 2060 , we will be abe to go to th on very easily , like going to Euope .
Also , cars wi ly , d maybe that wil be better o e iy .
In conclusion , I think that we are on track o h net ears .
Compared wi th past , popl are more aare and re worried abou the wld .
As a reult of that , we wil ae a beter life , more elthy and clen in th coming year .
I ope hing will continue in this way becau it is ur future , our lie nd we hv to tak care of it to hae a od and hppy ife in the coming years .
No ne n deny the importance of pubic transot , u acually hs importance is turn to rivte sector transport .
nd tis importance of rvate transport is becase private tanspotation provdes a comfortable wy to mv rom oe place to another . Alo , it els to save tme and reduce oss spent in public trnportation .
Firty , private transport provides a comfortale y to travel from n lace to ather without sharing it strange peope and , by using ti knd of trasport , is lo convenient becaus you a free to oose te time of a tp .
Secondly , it is a od way of travelling or moving fo on place to anothe without wasin time waiting for a spcific tme to move or een wast te waiting f a ulic trasprtation vehicle to eac all the ponts it hs to go to , u on e ohe han , wn you have your own trasort or priva transport , u g the right to chose the ie of yr trip or we o wnt to ve or stay , a noways , we can ot afford to waste our te tking pblc transport .
Finaly , ublic trnsort involves more coss , because public tanport ( sc a buses , trains ) ars a ncreasng every year , and we do o face th prlem wit private transport .
The mn goal of the thesis is to discus te the differnt chlren 's edtins of Te Dream of the Red Chmber : Tian Wei editin , J Wen ediion d Feng Che edition as t object of research .
To begn ith , th Li Re edition of T rem of th R Cmber has 12 units .
In comariso with the Li R edition , he thee children 's editions have om dissimilarities in lot , title , opic , character , language nd so on .
We will discuss how to preet the featres in different aspects such as education , entertainment , literature nd children .
Besdes , an adaptation is connect wth the Li e edition .
It ca hel reade to el te uture ad tait in the Qng Dynasty .
This graph shows people fom Inia , Pakistan d the West Indies who tered the UK from 190 to 170 .
People from Inda ad Paisan coming to t UK sigificantly inceaed by ound 10 times in 1970 , compre to 194 .
Now I will lk abou t Darua , a Japnese etaurant tha was a very go xperence for me .
irst of all , the food was reall delicos .
Te Yakimeshi , the shi and all t dishes were lie a ste of th real Japan .
Als , o n see how they epare your ood in frn of o .
Th tbles av a grll were te chef does h agic .
ll the plac ws srrounded by a nice nd wm atmosphere .
That makes anybody feel a nw level of pleasure in he sae process ta everybody repets everyday , eatng .
It a a sunny day , a special ay in my li . the y wa 29 October 2009 . That da I a a university amissio tst at Shajala niversity .
Before that a , I was frustrated , so it bring hapiness to my mind .
Very uckly , a beautiful gi sat on my bench .
After talking with e f a few inues , I became so happ .
In fact , I fl in love with her at first sight .
So I a just thnkig abot w to coninc her .
There a no other oion for me . I jt ated r . Dring he am , I as hinking the hol tie bou h to communicate wit hr .
hen he examinain ws ve , again , I stared to ak ith hr , asking her her ea was .
She told me t good at all , but mne was god and se al added that I might gt the chce , n fially I gt it .
Three days later , or reults were pubished nd I g the chance bt the girl did n't .
en I became so nappy .
I thouht if both of us g the hanc , then it wold be very good .
ut , la , my dram id n't cm ru .
When I was retunig om Syleth , I called te girl and talked to her and told r tat I ha got chance at university , but e irl said that she kew .
Hi Duncan ,
o are ou ? I hope tha you are ll .
Please , give my congratulations to our cousin .
I have my osin 's edding next month too , so I am vey excited .
Wll , weddings in my country are usualy celebrated in a hurc .
he brid ears a on white dress ad t groom ars a blac su .
It is all ve religious .
A lot of pepl go to a weddin because it 's a very imortnt moment for e couple , nrmaly about on hnred people .
T food is always in a big restaurant wher we ea e et food in te cty . I reommend ou to ome to a Spansh wedding .
I hink ht 's al . I op that it wl be heful .
es ishes ,
ARIO
Hlo , I 'm Arnau nd I am twelve yas od . I ve in Mnresa ( Catalonia ) . I am vr hardworing in hig school and I 'm fuy an ver tlkative and I 'm o freaky .
I am ey tall ( 1,71 m ) , my face is noal , I have brwn eys and ack hair , and my no and mouth a normal .
I 'm really to Ps3 , especilly Fi 15 , a a fan of riding a bike , bu I do n't lie computer gams , the are vr oring , but I li chatting on te interne wih my friends . Somtims I like playing on my Ia .
In my free time I watch TV , I lay PS3 , I de a bk and I somtims play football in the " cp uncipal de la mion " , and my oby is running in he afternoon th my ther . I spend money on clothes a I sometimes spend mone on PS ams , and I spend some money on my ike .
I really wn to ee oy a girls from diffeen countries of th wold . I 'm eally interestd in pacticing Englih nd I wnt to ear Chinese ad ussan . I 'm raly interesed in earning lanuages .
I reall loe langages ! ! ! ! !
The mos bautiful museum in Mexico
o it is he olidys nd we need or we wnt to vsit places aund te country .
Well , I will xplain in this article about one museum tha is cnsidered " Te Best in Mexio " , b y ?
The answer is simple ; this useu hs many types of momias .
In 81 , tere was a war for ndepenence in Mexico n ma people ought ith oth pople . For example , Miguel Hidlo is considered " e father of inependenc " and he fouht with the Spanish monarchy .
He gave rs to the wol city .
atr he wa killd and he ress in pec in is mueum lke other famous pople from that wa .
The Mseum is in Guanajuao , Guanajua .
You should kne tht t price to viit he useum is ey cheap : $ 15.00 for an or . If you want to spend mr tme , h rice increases by $ 10.00 .
he mseu is te most inteesting place in my untry because it escribes the history of ur country .
If you want to take phots t way free you ca dn .
Finally , you a enjoy the musm wit all the faiy and ou can invite me people fom other cities or othe ountrie .
Artcl writtn by artina Alejandra Monteo Pascol .
Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Fotbll as a fvourite spor
My favourite spr is fotbal . I love fooball becau it nvolves o tams .
Being a to ea spor makes the gme ompetitie an interesting .
I am an Arsenal fc f .
I hv ben an Arsenal a since 1999 .
I lve Arsen Wner .
He is a good coh but he do n't like to y experienced ootallers .
Buing cheap footballers ha wrecked the rsenl te several times bcase of the lk of experience of the cep playes .
Football is an imporat sprt ta ites ations .
It brings uity etwen countries .
Popl rom different cultures pl in the ame club .
The Wrld Cup ites the word .
Football is indee a nion .
Helo ,
Min as badmiton and I eally enoye it wen I was playng .
It is one of th best exercses or anyod o wants to gt thin .
When I am on e out , my oponnts fear my service ad I am very at my positon to cover th entire cout .
Coming to the infrastructure of badminton , it is all about the cock and the racues .
The our holds 2 players or 4 players , depending on the court .
Each team as 1 or 2 plyers ,
an he court ha one net in between ths players .
They have to hit the ock oe the net .
If t cock ouhes hat t , it counts as a point to the othe ta , who can receive rm the cck .
At presen , ny peoe think tat glish is t world language and it is absolutely an essential sill to communicate with people fr ther countries .
F this reason , Taiwanese parnts do not wt their ids to be behind ther . Threfore , mn kindergartens hae started to tech hildren Englih .
It 's Decmber .
But in my city here is no sno .
d it 's soo bad .
In e streets it is a little warm .
Abut 9 degrees , I guess .
Yetrday it w very winy ad 2 ay ago there was heavy rain .
p , it 's our eather .
Not all of Russia is aays under snow .
ichael just felt nothing different to usual . He wa on is wy to scoo .
He wet hrogh the park wre chilrn were playing around .
He w so stret perfore on th street .
Everythig semed so fn , and nothig a wro , anyway .
Mchel is a college student mjoring in mui .
He loves msi so much that he turne down other corses , just concentrating on msc .
He learns how to cmpose a plays som kin of anient istrument .
The teachr sas ht Micael is gifted and talented .
icael may ecome a great musica omday .
Meanwhile , Mihael is so a sensitive gu .
Michel saw a homeless guy on the tret .
At first , he just preteed nohing wa happening .
After ha , he change his mid , a he turned ac to gi t u ome money .
He thought that he had de the right thng , en wn back home .
Michael clsed he door and nw at that moent he h made a miske .
Television is oe of the mst eful inventions of the modern rld .
It is a commodity wch serves h dual purps of th education and ntrtainment at one and the am time .
The TV shows bradcat on tleision lay a vital ro in shaping the thoughts of e viewrs .
I think , I an agee it t opinon hat shopping is ot always enoyable .
In my opion , it is dependent on ht we buy and wt wh we go shoppig .
To tell te trut , spping is so boring for men , prticulrly when th go to e store wit women .
Shopping wh wome is nghtmarish .
They lwys run in te shps and ca n't hoose anything .
Ten the are alws screaming n yelling lie ild goa .
When I er th , I want to mmit har - kii .
No future f puli ransprt ?
y do we use public transor ? ome of us use it to save money by t buying gas or becse they ca n't y a car or if ty hae roblem with ter ars or they re n't in h mood to drive .
Nwadys , th tchnology , we hv fferent ys to get arod , le hoverboards , skateboards , and maybe it means hee is no future o blic tnsport .
Anoter oint is that we have our own cars a it 's re comfortable . I do n't have to wait in lne to y tickts .
I do n't hv to be late because of e dely . I can do nyhing in my own ar . I n put msi on , I cn rik , eat , sak or wherevr .
I do n't rall hae an opiin , I ust do n't know . We will ae to wait ad in out .
Tell me your opinns on hi sbjet in comments .
My Fvourite Spot .
We are ivin in a sh wrld .
Al of us have to choose ome activity .
In my opinion , it hs to be like brushing ou teth .
We do it for hygine !
My hygiene is running , or e more familiar or is jogging .
Run Forest Run !
It is te ms simple fo of activit .
Jogng ha exited since te begnnig of the earth .
I can say that it is th os natural moemen for humans .
ll that o ed to become a runner is motivation d a pln .
That is wha happened with me personally .
Mtivation fo me was a 15k rae .
u I h ner bfore workd out by jogging .
So to inish the competition wit pleasure , I needed to ork u a plan , whic ws a dy - by - y iary of our jgging distnce , time , nd mood uing our rkout .
Fist of all , it is absolutely inima . You jus ed bos o rnning !
It is one main ondition , the est of yo clohing ae not important .
Shoes ae to protect and revent yur health . o have got only o air of feet , look afte th .
I enjoy my favourte spor because I feel btte after ogging , I think ette nd I met lovely people because of rnning .
My adice is : eat a ot of veetables and fruit , drik plenty of wate and run at eas 3 time per wek .
I wll give you a revie of a thrller . e thriller is Hunger Gmes . It is aut se capitls and people are chsen to play in a ame . u have to ll peope before they kil y . It is a movi that has suspense , because you want to know ho the surie . In e movie , smeoe lvs somone ad he protect eac other . It is rally cute , but in th 3 oies the ae bad omnts wh the family , capitals , friends , etc .
Bu you will love e mov and you wl want to see thes , so go nd see that move .
I would li to explain aut my favorite prt , cricket .
Cricket is a spt ht hs two tams of even layers ch ..
I lik cickt very much becae pying cricket brings immese pleasure .
We an enjoy criket ith our riend by pling crckt and we cn so hv fun , entertainment .
Playing criket also ges physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , ba , field in cricket , which requires a lot of phyial activity .
Playing ricket givs reaxaion an redce strss .
I can give avice to popl who are interested in plaing cicke . They must know all the rules of cricket before plying it .
My bedroom
My bedroo is n't very bg nd is untidy .
There ar wo desks wt two cmputers , two chairs ad w bookshelves with my brother 's school books an mine .
The are thee bk beds next to some wrdrobs .
There is a big indow wth curtis .
Fally , there re some posters and some shelves wt my games .
My favuite sot is ennis .
Ths sprt is an indivdua sport , so o n alon ad do n't beat a team , but if o ply tournaments in pairs he oe o wis is h em .
Thi sport is vy faous l ove t world , but in Ity it is n't very famous , ecuse in Italy soccer is more famous th teni .
u I kno that a lt of you eople play tenni . I hope that talian teni playe will be vy famous all or the wod in a few yers ' time , thn you wo n't wait to sgn up to a tennis club n o will become a fams tenis plaer !
If ou start playing tennis you go to a famous ennis club , or you chose te es tenis teacher , who will introduce o to teni an you wil ean e hots , including forehand , ackand , h smash an the ervie .
So you will beco n of t most famous players in e wold and u wll i a lt of tennis tournaments , including t four slams : the Auralian On , h US open , h oland Garos a Wimbledon .
Pete looked at his watch and ew ha he h to do soethin immediately .
In 2 ours , ay 's plane was eaing and he had to go to the airport to sto her fom oing to Scotland .
He ha to ell hr sh was in dager .
He went to te gara an got on on i motorbike .
It was a cloudy , rainy a and there was a l of traffic .
Though the road w we and slippy , he od his motorike fas and skilfly , makn hi way through the other cars ad trucks .
My favorite sport is soccer . I ike to pl soce eause it 's a great sport .
It is great when yo re in a p and go very fr in the tournaent .
It is also really un to be it everyone wo 's in h team .
hn you play in a tournament you play a l of football and yo also spend a lot of ie wit your frieds .
When yu go far in a turnamen , o have to pla a lot of ame .
If you re going to begin playing football , you nee football boots . o so nee protection for t legs .
If you a tartig this sprt , yo need to think it 's fun to ay it .
If y do n't hink it is a fn por , you should nt do it .
The best thi abut football is ta it 's a fun ort to play .
You hold n ly the port just because yur friends are doing it . Do it becuse you lk to play .
De ir/ Mam ,
I saw yo advertisement in a newspape .
I 'm a young a who finised his udies in tourism an cology this ye .
I ha al bee a member of the associatin of touim ad ecology since I was 10 years o .
I hve traveld a lot and I hav a lot of knowledge about ravl .
Also , I have doe a climbing course and I have pcticed clibin inc I w 12 years old .
I lv to ravl and I know th I was born fr it .
I av orked o a e dfferent companies and ssociatins in h past .
Usually I ws a volunteer , but I was also part of a few Eropea Projects here I as paid or my ok .
As a person , I 'm friendly an I like to do my jo .
My best isure ime activity wuld be hngng ot with my friends .
l ke to go to the beach with my frnd or alon often .
I enjoy watching people n children haing f .
l like the coo brez from the oca whi I 'm walking along h ore n istening to my favorite music .
Hi lx , I ca n't wt to see u
I really think that we should go to that new cntre that you wrot abou in yor last email and do some of the activitie .
I wuld refer to do the ailing on e rier , because as you nw , I neve learn ho to ride a bke .
Bt we culd also try the climbing , but it wul be better if we cul climb outsid , in h countryside .
erhaps on atuday night we oud watch a hrror movie , as we bt loe horror , or a cmedy .
ut , if we ae ot too tired at the time , we could go ut .
I wul really like it if my arets could bring me to your house on Friday evenig , but I think that we have a party that night .
B I wil try to convnc tem .
Se yo oo .
Th uture of public transort is n of the ey ssues lar cties ave to ce .
Citizns want , at the sm time , ficient and quik ens of transportation , persoalised solutios to meet the tasportation needs , an the cheapest transpotation osts .
Hi Ibel .
Hw ar you ? I hope yu 're OK .
I have something to te you .
I am livig in New Yor cit ! !
I used to live in ancún b for my b I ha to change cities .
This plac has some restaurats an sports bar s wee I can ak with Latinos and fl at home .
Email me soon an lt me ow how you are gting on next holias .
See yo soon . Kises .
I think ha pbic transport is mch better for e environment ha private transport .
If peope travelled moe often on public transport , we wud n't pollute so mch .
I thin that public rasport is t utur , becuse many countries ill have to b entrance to their towns for private cars to stop the CO2 emissions to th atmosphre , in order to protec t lane and the helth of the ctzens .
So I do not age wth hs affrmatin . In my opinion , raelling by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment ha using pblc transport .
After that ks , Elzabeth a vy surprised , but Jason was a little it stiff .
Maybe he is sor s thought , but h if she is perfect , she is everything tht a man could want . So what w hppeing .
-Are you ok ? - She says , a ittl bit afrid of hs forthcoming rd .
-Oh , erm- He ets a ittl bit red in the face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He creams and his fa goes ttally red .
He seem differnt . She nev agined that Jaso cold be like that . She imagined someoe brave nd strog , and she nver foresaw something like this . B e felt soehing for him , maybe sh is in love wh his guy .
-I'm orry - he epeats gin , ut mo serious and wt his orml face - It 's because , wl it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I n fit ith Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snaks and everything that ou cn iaine .
But tese thoughs of l … lo … ve , can make me very nerous- h blsh cms again .
- Haha!- s smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it was my fir kiss to , nd I liked it . She smiles gain , bt this time , h smile seems false .
Elzabeth sees to be a very sweet il , but Jason is not convinced , ecause en he kissed her , he did n't feel anyhig , he d n't feel that he ground dsappeared , and when s fae turned red , he jst put a face of horror an urprise , like e was very sry for kissing him .
lmst at e same tme , ty kissed .
-Hy , do n't run Sno .
- ut it 's very ae Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green go ) , it is very lat . I 'm gon na d .
The stop in a ressmaker 's maret .
-Why are we he ? - Margarita ass .
- I 'm gon na gi information to ucresia .
- Wht kind of informaton ?
- Princ Jso is here .
- Prne Jason ?
h is he ?
- T pinc of Blue Ci . He is er hansome , a i famy has military studi , so he is e seon most perfect guy in t world .
-ja am second ?
Yes , te firt one is th " Dqu of enomania " .
-Who is he ?
- I 'll tell you ater .
We tey entered e dressaker 's market , Lucresia s n't there .
Bt thr wr a lt of beautiful dresses in hh - te closets with lights .
-Tee dresses e made of textile fibr . Almost everything ee is sntetic and wearble r everyone - explaind Snow .
- W , everything is beautiful , it makes me feel lke I am suspeed in a dream or fairytale .
- Do o wa to ear e ?
-es but r what ?
-For the ane in e green palace .
- Bt re ou sre ?
-Ys , jut wait . In a fration of a econd , y wl be ready .
My favourite sport is rning .
I run evey day .
he I am runni , I fl elaxed .
Tat is the reason why I lov running so much .
Moreover , when I am running , I an think throug a lot of hing aut yself or o to solve om of the problems of ail lie .
Therefore , unnng a e me feel happy .
In th past , rs were ony afforale fr the upper classes , whl for he mdle class and lowr there were not many choies or them esides walking and public transportation .
Once technology and h staard of livn are improved , many peope left the traditional habit of usn public transportation ad cse the car or everal rasos .
The first one is to av time .
As we kno , public transportation is not a irec wy to gt to all our destinations and it forces us to so at many stops first . Moreover we ve to ae another one to reach our destination , so it is already vious why using a ar is better .
Secondly , public transportation is usuall very crowded ad makes us t el afe , sine there is an oppotunty r us to be robbed .
Then , by ar , we can enjoy the scner , hare a lah , change r destination all of a suen and many mo .
or these reasons , it ca not be doube that people tnk a a is more comforabl to e rathe han puli trasortation .
Sice ca re affordale nodays , a famiy can have more tha e . That makes h number of car gro rapidly , bt they do not think about t negative ie efect tha a ar has .
Firstly , it lads to loba warmig , since t concenration of polution is highr in many cunties , nd actaly it is not only lading to bt also making global warming faster an n also threaten our healt .
hn roas are more crwded rigt nw nd ere is so mh taffic , so people wte me tie on he road , then it makes one of the ositie points of using a ar disapper d the importance of ubic transportation is needed .
ile in the statement it ays that publi transportaton will be abandoned by many eopl , in my opiion , the opposte is tue - ha pblic transotation is r futur .
It can be prove no ht he willingess of peole to s public transportatio is highe . sides , it is not as costly as using a c , ad the qality of ulic tranprtation as impoved , so citizens have no wrries aut usin it .
Would you ike me to help ou ?
ere ae n't an animals on the fam .
hat is haly suprising , it ha been closed since 20 .
You 'll have to take the bl by the rns an e some or done !
In e future , peol wl go out of the Eath . Because of t damage , peole on the groun ca n't surviv .
We they want to in foos , there il be nothing .
Even th grss ca n't live on eart .
Thought , bu most pepl il not be mbers of the tam who a aive .
Cause hre a ots of damge , but they dd n't take responsility .
I woder for sixteen yeas .
An . n I do n't now if hey will change their minds in h next fity yer .
Firstly , I agree about earning different concepts , becaus yo ca analyse dfferent inions .
It 's not eessary to say th ae words .
But you ne to undrstand e ain idea .
In other words , soe professors , whn teching different topics , explan h oncepts nd it 's difficult to learn .
Smeties it 's so difficult to ay the me wrds or h students . I recomend reaing difeent ideas .
Anyay , if u rad different books , u a understand bette .
In concluion , it 's oe imprtant to learn e conct than to a something stupid ....
So , if y need techniques f lering , u need to analyse an create your o ords , ths way you ill neve forget is definition .
All bout me
Hi , my am is Len Jhnon . I am 13 yer and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
I ws rn at Dnderyds hospal , in 20 on the 5th of September .
I have o siser wh is ten yea d ad ne brother wh is ive years o .
I spend most of my spr time playing ice hcey and golf .
On of the bet lace I hae ev viied is Leksnd , in Dalara .
( It is my ounty lce . ) I ik it because it is ner the water and we have a ig lwn her we play ootball , volleyball d have f .
hree words that describe me are : sporty , friendly and happy .
One of my favourie boks is Diar of a Wimpy i .
I like amost a musc , t ight now I lite to Calvin Harris most of th time .
My avouite subjects at chool are mathematics , geography , and , of curse , Eglih .
he location of t resturant is fantatic , right in he centre of the city , nd with plenty of space or parkig .
The decor is n too mern , bt no too cssic . It has a cmfotable atmosphere .
T menu is very wl constuced , nd the food is bsed on local procts .
The prices ae more an good if you cosidr the high qlity of the dihes .
Der Mr Sotel ,
I am writing is letter because we need to imrove te facilities in te gym .
In the gy there are may people .
On the dys that we hae to do orts , if th wathe is good , we do it outside , t if the weate is a , we have to do them in t gm .
On hose days , her are a ot of people an classes at the same tme nd somtimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Apart om this prblem , we have nother problm tat is imprtant too .
This problem is that some apparatus are broken and he pint is bad .
o me , h solutions to these problems are easy .
With he first problem , ou ould organis th timetable in oer to have one class at a tim .
And the solion to th second roblem is at you should do mainenance once a yer .
I look forwrd to your ositive answr .
Yur sincerely , Maximilano Khachaturyan .
Der Mrs at
I 'm so glad to hear from you d I also would like yo to kno ha your idea fo o nw scool projec is reall intresting .
I am exited abut t da of being with and interviewing othr students om ifferent parts of the world .
June 21st is impossbe fr me becse I have an apointmen with Mr Set , my entist . C we set the metig fr t next week ?
Hpe to hear from you soon
Ana
In h last yer sals at Benton Eletronics in the first qurer of t yr were 50 and the increased to 6 in the secod quarter . In the third quarte , sales taye at 20 and in the last quarter of th ya sales went down very quicky to 20 . As you can se , sales wr very unstable .
I ju want to exprss wa I think is panful , d I think coming bac to your own home afte many years of being awy n eein your closet prsn h departed is h st painful feeling vr .
oo evening , my name is Lyda , I am a newomer to IMA .
I am a lca frm Taipei .
It 's my leasure to join you ee . My major is actualy not relevant to Social Sciences . I relly want to learn mor about te reeach methodology of social sciences .
I tink it wl be helpful to me takg this lesson at he beginning of t semester . I belev I can learn a lot om the professor an o ys .
Thank you !
My Life at Uiersity
Life at niversit invlve a ot of difficult and interesting things .
Of curse , everything always have w sides .
Nw that I live at uniesity , my life s changed a lot .
Firstly , sudying is very dificult becas u he to accept new wys of tdying - studying by yourself .
In addition , my mjr is English , so eachers tah and explain in Englih , and I cul n't keep up with lessons wll at ist .
I was ver unsure of yelf and I oul n't ma frinds el , so I thnk hat it ws t difficult to s teacher or fiends .
I always ry to fd ot raons , wic takes a l of tie .
Moreover , I need to improve my skil , such as reding , liening , writing , n speking . he hlp me to keep up with my teacher ' s lessons .
Scondly , studying at uiersity , I ha to live a lg way fr ome , hich makes me homesick , sa , and worred . I av to ive in a dormitr with ma strange pepl . They 're very noisy and I he to har my rom wih my oommats .
It 's ot convenient .
Everyday , I have to ean our room , wash clohes . I have to spend a lt of ime finishing everything before I sart tudyig .
en I first ive here , I se to call my faiy and compain abot le hee .
Hoever , university life has mny cnveniences .
Living aone , I have to manage one ll .
Before I wat to pay fr something , I always think carefully about whether it 's realy necessary or not .
Somtime , I nearly ran out of money and I was really wrried , so I have to spen money sensibly .
Livg aloe , I have to sae money , becaus hee a many sitations whih I have to deal wth without fily , ad you can become a good person ith many go characteristics , such as confidence , indeendence , friendliness .
Bcaue my famiy aays di eerthing for me whe I lvd wth them , it 's very difcult to be independet .
But toay , I he to do it , I have to olv my problems , manage ney , wash lohes by mysel .
In additin , I ca be cfident becau teachers require everydy in clss to tad in frot of e class and speak glish .
Living alone , you hav to mak friends he you 're s .
Lernng new lessons from society .
Jogging : he sport in natue
My vourite sport is jgging .
hile I am jogging , I can thin aout l the dily tins in my life .
hen I am in a bad md , I go jogging otside nd har the birds singing .
For me , gging is very stressess .
On one a I might go lne , so I can calm down or think thng through .
On another day , I go joggig with my best friend , so we tl a lot and hae fu while we do spt .
Jogging is a prt yo n start y day .
Y do n't need a lot of equipment , so yu do n't hav to u a l .
I think for people who are t , they can go jogging , ut a litle bit slower .
You ae to consider this and go oging tomorrw .
It is never to late to start .
Hv fun !
It is a hot sumr 's day and Agatha ha just witched off e comput in her office to go back home .
Sddely , Agth see , through h indos , a 30-ear - ld m . He 's tall and is wearng 19h entury cohes . He is Jn , a known apire who lives in that disric .
He had come to gatha 's investigation office to ask er to ook into soe murders d that hapend reenty .
Fou vampires had been murdred .
Agath kws that Jon is a dangerou man , so s decides to rfus the ae .
Uhapy , John insists unt Aatha accepts .
After the agreement , Agaha gs ck home ad immediely calls her friend Michael to tll him to ome to e house .
Wen he arive sh tells hi bou the ccurence .
Michae , who is a policeman , eides to hlp her .
w weeks laer , Agatha meets Jh in the ol palace 's celr .
Accoanied by chael , s goes to m and gives him l the documents h has found .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't fnd sufficient clues to identify h guilty party .
Iritated , John understands Agatha 's difficulties and , bfore gon aa , he calls Agtha without Michael to tell hr another important thing .
ile Michl goes ut , a red light appears in Jon 's es .
Mihal closed the door and knew at the omnt he hd de a mitak .
We h h lunh , so we stated a little walk .
Then we a an eagle flyig in the sky .
We ha never sen such a beautiful egle as tat .
Charlie thogh that if he was tller he ight be able to take a picture .
Therefore , he limbed a tree .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus on h eagle with the cara , he fll .
Ter a severl reaon wy ther is no fuure r public transport .
e reason is that travelling by ca is ore cmfortabe .
If you share your wn car with other pepl , yu wi sa moy .
Anote ason is that you an iten to he music ta yu ike in yor car .
For l hee reasons , I think that traveling by c is better .
My ne is Monika n I 'm 21 yers old .
I 'm fm Poland an lve in Poznan .
I ave a ot of interests , but my favourite is volleyball .
Volleyball is a disciplin which I have been pratiing for 6 yeas .
An imporant place in my cotry is the Musm of Prado becuse it is full of many wld famous paintings .
It 's vey large an has special lights in the Grek performers ' om mainly .
Thi museum oues t historical colleton of the Spaish royal family fro an centuries g to the present time .
The ou an see om of the greate teahers painters .
The car is ry ey .
I have a car an I an go to a lot of places , bease it is fs .
The public tnsport is slow and ha ot a lot of peop .
I pefer walking , because the bus , heicopter , and metro are very polluing .
Th polltion is the first problem with puli trasport
A long time ago , in a sml vilag in pan , the sty I 'm ging to tell u happened .
A ma called Michael ge us a nw machine to wash our clotes .
He tred to switch it on aain and gan , but the mchin did n't work .
Sddenly , a man in black ld us tha we should pug the achie int the ectricity .
Michael 's fae s awfuy red .
He was very emarrassed .
Michae osed he door and nw at that mment he had made a mistke .
Go mrnig everyone and welcome to ou favorite rgram " You can also do so " . Toay we 're gin to lern how to ke a cake f children 's birthay , n Sofia wil tel us wt inrdients we e gog to need to be al to mk t cke .
hello Jon good dys nd what we ned to make this delicious cake is : eggs , flo , yeast , ugar , d the flaoring for the cae tha we want , su as chocolate , nilla , fuit .
hie I was rnging th bell , the neghbour 's og staed to bark .
It looked afraid nd nervous .
It wa ik it s waiin o a terifyng evn .
I stood in front of t dr for ort minutes and I ag again ad gai .
Nobody opene .
I ad caled Michel that morning and I told hm that I wod go to s houe tat evening .
I would expect ha he was witing r me .
I looked through he indow an I cld see a suspicious shadow .
I thought he mgh be Michae ad I started to shot i me .
When ichae s me , he opened the door , bt strightawy cosd the door n at tht omnt kn he had me a mstake .
Dear i / Mad ,
I am writing to u to apply f h psition at a summer camp as advertised in th nwspapr .
I am an architect . I have 5 years of professional experience .
I am also part of a chrty oranisatio in my lcal town , we
There a many spots and my fvourte sport is badminon . I liked it en I s young .
I remember that the frs present my other gae me was a badmito rakt .
I was really surprised .
Bcuse I di n't kow how to use it .
rm tt day , my older brother taught me to play it .
I often play it or abt 2 hours in e afternoon .
n now , if oe day I do n't ave ay practice , I eel bored .
I se tht it 's good for my health .
It hls me be stronger and more active .
As you know , ding spor gives us ny benefits . You can jon a cu and have more friends .
Moreover , if you av good ability , o can compete in a comptition to y your et . I am a member of a Badminton cub in h ty . If you 're ierested in badminton , ome ad enj oursel .
Dea Anne ,
Thanks fr your leter asking out what t yong peope ae iterestd in .
ayng that , he msc ht ey like is pop music ad reggaon as thy can anc togeher .
As , the television programmes tha they watch are reaity shows .
The programmes are fashionable .
In addition , rarding clothes , young pele wear a dress , kir or jeans .
Everyone wears hat he want .
S you on ,
Fatima
My nightmare journey to pce in August 2011 .
My family a I ee reurnng fm a holdy that we spent at e seaside .
We wre going to Gdańsk to see te w stadium tat was buil fr the EFA European Championsip .
We saw e stadu , return to he car and wanted to drive to Bdgoscz .
Bydgoszcz is my hometown and the destination of this ourne .
Sadly our cr broke down ... at a big and usy intersection !
Ts ws n't se big , we still had four wheels and a motor , bt t electronics in the car stopped working .
Ths was ver scary !
We i n't hav a speedometer , biners and ighs ; it s a ey angerous ituatin .
We stopped on te sd of the road an oked for a solution .
My fathe rang frend ut nortunately no one could help us .
We had to tke a risk an et to the nearest market .
In e c park in front of hi building a very nice an crzy d man elpd us d charged the accuulator in ur car .
This worked and we could return to iving .
We re very scared because t c could beak down again at any moment .
r this reason , we did n't use a otrway .
Fortunately , we eturned home healthy n happy but vy very tired .
To pursue a crer which is relevant to e fild of Mechanics d expect myself to ontribut my experiences n knowledge with enthusas d I would lov to have challenges and yearn or the sse of accomplishment .
Shopng facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
Thi epot shows the sors of shop hic are locted in Moral de Calatrav .
1 . Shoppin chealy .
It is thought that Chinese hos are t cheapet by fa .
We are ofered a lo of bargains in this kind of shop .
Bu myb , the most imporant thing is the vaety of podcts wih can be found the : from cleaning prodcts to fniture .
2 . Fashin in small owns .
Traditional cohes : that kid of clothing can be expensiv , but if o want to live ike in h as , u can put on those clothes a yo will have great fun althouh toe clthe et out of tyle many years ag .
Something mor fashonabl : there are lo a few clohes sho where you can fin a lot of by fashionable Italian an Spanish desines .
If you need omethng fr a special eent like a wedding , you n go to tree shos ich re specialised in that .
3 . Farmer 's markets .
Every Saturday ornig , ths vlage organizs a aret where people can buy some naural vegetables or frut which ve been grown by lal farmr .
hat is the reason wy tei price is so lo .
Some pecs of advice :
-Ee thog you ca find a lot of bargan , do n't spe o much if you do n't need to .
-Be careful .
If you look li a foeign person , ocal eple col try to rp you of .
-If y uy some clothes , assure youslf that they ft yo and yo lke them nough to conservate .
My town tries al the time to make ur on mo beautiful a comfortable by takig more cae of h environment . They provide us wth good buses , whch are friends to the envionent , a offer the ticets for hes buse at a hap price . he lso try to find t st way to make the rubbish more useful by recyclig . so , people t al the ti to in te bst y to kee u village clea ; they never throw h rubbish in th sreets or h gardens . They also take ae of the fuel in thei as to n be bad for the environment . So , it 's o duty to tk care of our vilae and the whole eviroment alogside te governmn .
There ar an accidntal probems encountered by inernational students studyng in Australia .
It is believe that te mt importan on is the clture barrer .
cause of different cutural backgonds , he speaking styles of international udents h come from diferent countries r different .
Meanwhile , different countres ave different rus .
o example , eole alwa wa on the rgt of h road in Cha . However , Australi ule specify that citizens ive on the lt of the road .
Secondly , loeiness ca be a bg problem wh a person laes their wn country , going away from family members and loe fiends .
Thirdly , studets ma not be acustomed to westen atng habts , like ugers , pizza and bed . ecause of th ufamiliar environment , tuents m ac a sense of security .
Tee wil evaluae iabl sutions to the prblem .
T most iortant a is that individuals should participat in tdent activities wih re hl by students of the sam nationalit , so hat they y not feel loely . At the same time , hy cn al actively communicate it local students to acqir more information bout Australian cultue , in order to f in quickl .
I oul ke to work in a sumr camp because I lov them .
It would be fantaic to spen this summer in h S .
I 'm sudying eachig at cllege becuse I wan to be a teacher .
When I finh my studies I will sped on hurs wt children .
My st skls are deling with people as ell as beig abe to do two thins at t same time .
I ke care of them and it makes me fel ie a useful peron .
I av been thinking aou some ideas to el ou to organize some sports or eveng ctivities .
o instance , we oud go swimmig at t beach .
In the evenings we culd tell em orror histories . Ao , we uld pl ith gestures .
In addtion , we oud play outdoor gmes n they could do landscape painting .
Abut wrkin in he kitchen . It is n't a problem for me because I le cooing .
I am willing to ook a l of different mls f them .
I sd to work in a retaurant in Slu an it wa qite satisfying .
I njoy cooking , so I always mae diffrent ind of fod .
I thin th I 'm a utable person to look after them because I am quite responible .
I 'm an energei d responsie person .
If o have me questions aot me , I 'd be glad to answer thm .
I 'm a hrd - wrkig person , so ta 's why I never hae im to relax .
As childen loe playing , I hik that I am a suiable person to do ths ecaue I am like a ittle girl .
If you gve me a chance I will be vey pleased .
To whom it may concern ,
My name is Margarta Varela ad I 'm interested in th Smer amp Assistant 's position .
I am in my ast yea of a Visual Arts mao .
I ha a special interest in rs and crfs .
I am a responsible person who an coe in a crisis .
I took a Fir Ai course last ya in order to kn what to do in as of unexpeted acidens .
so , I have goo socal skills and can sak to languages ; nglish and Sanish .
My aailble ti is on Mndays , Wednesdays and Fridas .
en , I was wonding if fd , accommodation a expenses are coverd by u , or do you give any ind of help to our employees ? I woul appreciate it a lo if ou sent me this information .
I lok forward to hearing from you .
Kind egards ,
Margarta Varela
The game of gentlemen is my favourt game . Y , I mean cricket .
In my countr , we ollow rcket lie a religion .
Crict is played by 11 players , which icldes a aptain , a wicket keeper n he est ae atsmen and bower .
A payer wo can bt d bowl is cald an l - ounder .
Ts game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 y gme ) , n da Criket , d wety - Twen .
Test cricket is an ld orma and I lov this format as it really test e players ' skis nd ly he best laer cn aceve success in this format .
Bu as this takes 5 days , many peope do n't have time to watch is gm a i losing t popularity with te youne genertion .
On ay icket is played often .
My faourite sprt is fotball . I thnk this game is te ot noyable .
Is popularity s sprea all er he world too .
There re many reasons behin it being opula .
Everyoe is able to ejy he exciement throughout this game .
People w are eager to play footbll must follow me basi rles which re described bew :
1 . A footbal player shou be punctual and ar - woking .
2 . He shoul be disciplined .
3 . During i playing te , he must iv his full concentration .
Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
Do ou ha any different eating custo ?
If y have ny specal eating cstms , will you tell me ?
It 's my project .
So . I need more informaion aot eatig customs in different countries .
In orea , we usuall se chopstick when we eat meals and spoons as wel .
ave you ever ued chopsticks ?
It may be dificut or you .
Wn I s young , I could n't use them .
So , I have to learn to s chpstcks to et .
Also ,
we ave ea manner .
hen we have a meal , we ca n't at beoe our parent d olr people sart to eat .
We thin it 's important to rspect meal mnnrs .
Well .
Have o er heard of samia fo ?
When yu eel realy weak .
Then ?
We a special stamina fod .
We have many stamina ods . I hik do at is a better samina food than another meats .
Tis is because , when I was youg , my paret ed it to me evy summer season .
And they sid it 's rely good f yur ealt .
So , I hv aten it every smmer or 12 years .
I have to present this project nt Mndy .
So , tl me as soon as posibe about yor cotry 's specil eating cutms d manners , and samin fo as well .
Hi ,
I tin hat for pepe who want to learn Engih Wrte nd Impoe is reat !
I lik it vry much . It is very useful for me .
I ried it ls weken and I wil use it very day ! if I used it eery y , I would impve in a short time !
Tnk yu r tha avie .
Chiaa
Thee is no dbt hat man 's lives have eolved .
Al thks to w tchnlogies , innovation in th fid of medicine a new scienfic disveries .
To my id , ou lie have been improv in these ear by smartphones , satnav , digital TV , the Internet ..
Let 's imagne a teny - first century teenager in the idle gs . do n't e ou alive without Wi - f !
Frt of al , in the net 50 years pople 's lives wo n't rsmble at l this .
As far as I 'm concerned , we will be submerged by to many tos which wil epace manpowe n caft . In addition , gobalization wll destroy th cultural raditions of eah cunry .
On e ne nd , I 'm for prress . On the othr hand , I hope tat e new ill t dstroy he ol .
Otn , evolution is a retun to origis , but I op ha man in the comg ear will not forget e past .
Apart from ht , I imaie t world wih everyhng automatic , planes at ake me rom New York to Dubai in three ors a obots nsted of water in a restaurant .
To cncude , I ca n't think what wonderful things man wl do , but I hope thy make h ord even beer !
Dear i / Mam ,
I am witing to apl for e job of camp organizer .
I have rd he advertisement and I pomie yo tat I am prfec for is post .
I 'm a veteran camper
and I know h to take care of a camp . I 'm fnny and cheerfl , but I 'm alo professional , so I kow h to take care of childe .
I am an xperienced cook , so I c al co for t hilden . I am als a good inge , so we a sing sns together with the cldren .
So tl me wt u think and lt me know .
I 'm lookng rward to hring rom you .
our fiend ,
ete Hansen
I can n aee wih e statement that thre is " no uture for public ranport " gin that te premise is " travellin by car is more convenient " .
Frst of l , ublc transport is rther more coneniet than a prvae r .
The subway reaches most art of London , nd ople can trael to many places .
he accessbility is not just improng underground , u also on t ground nd bridging .
Threfre , pblic transport il have a brilliant future .
e environment is bcoming a mr ad more burning issue , , especill fom many year to nowadays .
That 's because pollution a o reached critical leves and tt 's wh we must get it nde control nd solve it .
We aeady know that a rat part of h pollution coes from he exhust ume of the transport tt inade cties worldwie .
However , we c alreay igt this - waiting for the deelopent of advanced technolog which an better exploit renewable , sustainle energy . Fo xample , taking advantag of pubic tansprt .
The best ida is till , obviusly , vlorizing he use of bicycls .
Apart from tat , even greater is te pollutio of the ea d rivrs .
Polutig them is ke enangerng the life of he whole world .
hi is caus by the waste from factories , u ao by the mage th tanker do not onl to the sea , but to the mnland o .
In ddition , wha abt mestic was , hich is ur raity ? We should l earn to manage ur waste , becase eh of us , in or own small a , is a gra threat to te envionent .
In conclusion , I think it is never o at to save our wondrful world .
Why not do it now ?
elo J
It 's gd to hear fr yu !
Well , in my hoetown thee are about a ittle more tan half a million pple .
he nicest lces to go ar h malls , becuse of h very hot weathr .
But if you eav t city and trve about 30 km , there ae a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
My best regards !
Ths
When you he the skl to read a bok a , in tha omnt , you are serching o a go j , you can fn a lot of job becaus you can dvelo easily wn you copae yursel wi another person who has been searching for a job too
My fourite restaurant is in Modugno .
It 's located in a qet street , so the restaurant is fte ver elaxing , espcialy between 8 a 9 pm .
The frniture consists of a t of chairs , tables and some oas , cover ih red cloths .
The restaurant looks vry elegant d traditional .
Usally , there is no music in h restaurant .
e owner prefers to lae only e TV on , but often the dining room is silent .
In hi y , custors an hae the chnc to have a convesation , without eing annoyd by teevision or muic .
I in it appreciable : I really love to tak to the pple I 'm eting with .
Despte th , the restaurant is dcoratd wit a full set of muscl instruments , hun up on h als .
I eally lik it , because I love musc and I enjoy trying to guess ich intument I 'm looking at .
You can a different types of iza , starters and pasta there .
Everything is delicious n very tast , eseially th pzas : th dress them in many differnt as . I try a different me every time I go there .
Fially , it is not expensi at all .
She finally fet ha h s wanted , ht he could do anything sh waed , and that no n is mo ceer an nothe , hy 're all e same .
he thouhts which people u in her mid were comptely wrog . Se ca n't eny ha toe tought affected her badly , brought her to t pit that he made r hate herelf .
he words they said to h wer deadly nes , they colred her ie black . tl it 's h only time to ove to the th she can do anything , he 's good at everything like hm al , ht she jst did n't want to do it li them al as e just hae te wy
That 's it , not ecuse of being non - clever .
Bein unsuccssful at stuing is a orribe tig , it ffects people badly .
Tht w me . I eer iked studying , I nvr foun mysef in those subjects , bu it was n't a big dea to me . I hated being se as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I s clever enough to study all these subjects a do well in exams so I can get high marks , b the l did n't get tha . Ty judged me for my marks , but aks do n't orm brais or thoughts , marks are n't the oly ay at makes you gret now or in the future .
hatevr . In igh schol , he enor ar hre in our country identifies our future ; e college yo 'll pend your if sudyin in a working fo t knowldg , so I got that I shod do my best th ya so my futu would be btter . A it haened . I howed them al tt I cn do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they se me , n that al my peviou mrks wee n't my best . I got a high score a entered h faculty of Engineering , which was te to college .
Pepe 's thouhts have the power to make y feel the best feeling ever and literally h opposite . Just do n't think about anye 's thoughts t yours , as yu have control of your life t anyone else .
Your hougts e th only ones that will ake the difeence , so take cr oy of hem and eieve in youelf so yo can achieve the retige you 're looking o .
Do n't gi anyone the opportunity to make y gve up , and continue in a successful life . igh .
elo cap !
I am Montaña Toma and I am twenty - four yeas old .
I red this announcement today .
I am itersted in th rk .
I am tudying primary education because I love cildren .
I would like to play wit the children , to do sport nd dce with them .
I could help in the kitche , o .
I love cooking .
My best dishes are chickn and omees .
I hope that we can or together .
I romise ha if I go to the cmps , we wl have a goo time a we wil lag a l .
Hi Lk , I tried t program cled ite an Imprve for a we and I liked it .
Although I do n't have a tacher avaiable here , t program hels a o bcaus the corrections appear at th sae time as y cec it .
I ntend to write ver day to practise my wrtng .
I believ that it 's a good thing to share with everyone .
You should hout it fro the rooftops !
On ur earth , hndres of milons of people live .
Apat fro us . thre is lso a lage amount of wildlife .
All of us need air , water an ood .
Humans alo an houses , ad transpot facilities .
A gea numbe of buildings stand on he lnd ,
even though e lace robably hould belong to anims .
We ild ods for us an me le eay and better .
However , we oget the e important thing : the eah belongs to all lfe .
Our flts n ouss make the other anials lose their homes , n it eads to environmntal deterioration .
We make t tranport easy . Hwever , we take away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
THE PRSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHE BOHERS . HE WA BRN IN 197 . MY PARENTS TLL ME HE WA A OO BOY WHEN HE WA A CID .
THE REASON WH I ADMIRE M IS BECAU HE W DTERMIED WHN HE WO A SCHOLARSIP TO STUDY MEIINE IN RSIA . HE VED THER FOR 7 YEAR .
HE HAD TO LEAN ANOTHER LANGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFEENT TO OU .
MY PARNTS AND I FE PROUD OF I .
W , HE IS E BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL . HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY .
I ie in Taiwan , achung .
How dos the aa ke care of the environment ?
It builds a o of facilities r residts .
For ample , lot of biccles .
Ti are provided for popl w want to go to a place ha is not too far awy .
d it raises another question : mraity .
People pobably desto hos bikes , a aus bik to become es and less .
ut , fortunately , people ivig in his ara al se these ike carefully , so we do n't care so uh about that .
The eond fcility is pubc buss .
Large numbers of buss all around e city .
Whn tudents finish their casse , th tae the bs hme .
Workr , whe thy ar f uty , tak the bus om , too .
n when e weekend is coming .
Family can ae the bu from place to plae , instead of driving .
It mak a father or mother 's life ore convenient !
Third , ots of green aras .
Taichung has plnt of trees in the park .
So wh chilre a playing around thee tre , they n el moe ealty wi clen air .
And let 's talk about te bigger area , Taian .
Tiwn has a complete traffic system .
Train , bus , Ma Rapid Transit , and aerople .
People living in aiwan , no atte whethe you e local eole or not , can use all of these facilities .
And los of it administrations advocate rtecting animals .
od afternoon SA SUMMER CAMPS committee
I am Julia Timerma fom the Netherlands and I read your advertsement about working in summer amps in the USA .
I old really enjoy din this jo in the summr , becuse I ov to look afer children , teach them thns and do port wth them .
Sice I was 13 , I 've bee aching chldren rom 8 - 9 ars old h to la hockey and I am stll doing and enjoying this .
I also woul le to do his becaus I have always wanted to visit the Unted States d I lve sport .
I cn or really hrd if it 's eeded n am very energetic , so I hin an hop I am a suitble pers o the jb nd I wld rally enjoy the j d loong after cildren .
Kind regards ,
Julia Timmerman , The Nethrland
It ws directed by Richard Curti .
This moe is called " out ime " .
The man character is Tim .
When he was 21 yas od , is fathr told him somehin about his famil 's secret .
It 's qute a strange sunds , because his father , gandather , and great - grandfather had tavelle in time .
He could n't beieve tat .
B it 's so imle .
Go to a rk place , ad then ckck the fis .
fer the actin , he cn go to a tme in he pat .
Afer he knew th truth , he moved to Londo fo his job .
He tried to go out with her .
So he used to his aiity to ti ravl for hs faml .
Finaly , he married Mar .
After th married , he ad hi family face a difficult siuaion .
He wants to fix the problem , bt is father says to h ,
" If o ha a gra tim it your family and co - workers , it is not ecessary to ti trve .
Jst enjoy your life day by y , a be thanku or an ordary dy . "
He realied what that means .
I watche this moe severa times fer I arrive in the UK .
It 's good for studing English as ell as for th plot .
If you like a god dam , you ll lov it .
I 'm sure y wou lke this moi .
I am writing to tell you abou he Spaish miitary acadmy .
hs hool is locaed in Min , whc is in northern San near Pontevdra .
The schol is h Sansh instituin in harge of trainin h Spanish nv officr clas .
A it a established in 1943 . Moreover , her are not ony the oyal avy but also t roal mrne corps .
Students have to study o pats , which ar the engineering part ad he ilitay pat .
In he engineering part , there are a lot of labratories , whh help us to easly udestand abou subjet uch as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
In t military part , here re many obstacles and weapons r the mane cos .
Ad here is a lot of equipment fr he vy cadets .
F emple , t lanetarium in a navigation room o leanig out the position of stars , fou small boa used to prtice leadership an navigation in the Pontevera rver , or even the simulation fo eating situations which seldom arse .
To sum up , th Sanis military acadmy has a lot of euipent fo teaching future ficers .
On the other hn , ive yeas in school r not suerfiial because nw here are n oy the mlitary subjects bu also e engineerig subjects .
But , I am reay proud of my shol .
It gves me a lot of knowlege whch I need to e in my futre career .
A l of peopl se public transport eery day in tis world , t me peple prefer to use their own car to go to work , schoo , or whatever .
Some eple have their ow ca , but prefer to ue public tansport .
Today , on the road here a a l of cars , bss , motorycles , d oher kids of trnsportation .
All people sould s ther own crs to go somewhere only hen it 's necessary , becus each car on h ro is bad for our environent .
Al people should use publi transpor to rduce he number of cars on the road
I know a od restaurant . Its nme is " Monlight " . It is located in Abbas elka St.
It is lge , clen and comfotable an has ai conditioning and internet wifi .
It ffers mn kinds of delicious fods , like me , chicken , seafood , a if you want something different , u wi find it there . It is suitable o my class because it is difernt om an ohr resturat .
In my ity there is an old town hch was declared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiful Ci .
One of the most famus builings is the Curruca Erl Paace , wich hs a medieval tower with battlements ( the re of the towers in th ci do t have them because the Mslims ok them out ) .
It is also importn because , during the Ciil Wr , neral Fanco lived there fo a week .
Thre is an ofice it so many things that he had thee .
If you want , yu ca visi it .
Nowadays , e Palace has a vry good rstaurnt wih a comfortable patio were y ca tste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
The present chapter aims to itroduc adiovisual translation ( AT ) - one of the st poplar tyes of translation nowadays .
Audivsual translation bring a lot of dilemmas d onsraints over which translators must agonise .
ut there ar a varety of techniques wih elp to tackle these kins of roblem .
So , I will elabrat on this subject .
The chatr will also ver the definition of the notion of ns as a stylistic feature and w puns e transferre fr one languag to anoer .
As an extension of is , I wil evluate whether the ffec of e un in the original vrsion is maintined in th dubbed ersio .
I live in Sdobsk .
The peop in my own tak care of the environent .
The garbage an are arud each home .
Garbage trcks pck th up twice a week .
Thre e ay small garbge cans aron cafes , tres , and other ublic places .
Ery mornn , a special truc cleans the roas d pavements .
Te advace of technology in recent years ha ben awesome .
he first ompuer was created in 146 by John W. Mauchly ad J. Pesper Eckert in e United State .
In 1960 , coputers were very bai .
They were bigger ad heavir than toy and they we ver expense .
The keyboard hd a lot of utons and te sreen did n't ve any colour .
Computers di n't have any pogrms and as a result were limited , boring and tedious .
These days , computers are mulifunctionl .
o example , thy have Internet access .
WiFi , USB prt , among othr higs .
Thee computers are ry oplar .
The are faster nd smaller tn efore nd you ed a mous to u them .
Their screen hs colou and HD .
Hi Mx !
How re you ?
In my last week , I wen to loria wh my fmiy .
I went to t beach and playe volleyball ith my brother an sister .
Then we wnt to the cinema an aw h Har Potter film .
My brother went to h NBA league nd saw he rens vs Orlando mtch . d ow I am gong to my ous an then I 'm going to invite friends over .
oorrow I 'm goin to lay soccer wh my rieds .
See you net weekend !
IGNAO
In my opion , public trasport has a future bause it is cheaper than the modes of transport , also it pollues less .
h car is a mor comfortable mode of transport than public rnsport , u it is t sustainabl , it ost is hgher , d if a people ravel by r , te cities will be very polluted .
Also , in the big cities , te public transport is more punctual thn the car because pulic traport usall has s n ane , while if you use a car , o ake or time ecase thee is a l of traffc in yo lane .
nther mo of transport that col be commonly sd in the utre is h bik . hs mod of trnspot is eap an eclogial . lo , more a me the citi are buiding a lot of bk lanes , so it is a go alternative .
r travelling to other cities or town , in my oinon , the car will rmain the most used mode of ransort , although new des of tansport could change this situaon .
inaly , I think that e most used ode of transort in the cities in th future will be the bu , ero and ke , and or ravellin btwen citi , e a il emain th mos us .
Dear James ,
Thank you for inviting me !
It was relly enjoyable ad un .
I a especiall delighted with the national usi and Ltin American dancs .
I would ike to invite you to the celebration of my birhay in two eek .
y !
Yu dear , Vitl
There is no fure for ublic tnsport , because travelling by car is so much mr convenient .
Noaays , mor a more people hae their n car .
When they go to work or r other purposes , they choose to rive by themselves .
People do n't need to wat for public ranspot if they are rivng thir own ca .
It is no only conenent , b also time - saving .
With thse benefits , it seems that ther will be fewr n fewer pole willing to take pubic transport .
er r ,
I am witing to yu abut the advertisement in the Mirr dail ewspaper .
I am really very intrested in the job on your umer ca . I have worked for seve mnths in Sai in a imilr ob .
I n spek severa languages , like Spanish , English d Russian .
by the ti I have sudied for a egree in ouralism .
I am available to star to work immediately .
I am loking foward to hearing from ou on .
Your faithfully .
Rafa
My favourite sport is fotball .
I hav plyed hi spt sinc I was a child , an toy I still love it .
Te dream of every pron that pls is sport , is to make it a profesion as wel as a hob , bu very few people mke it .
Nowadays , I pla football twice a week , on Monday nd riday , ecaue for me it has remaied a hobby .
I lik to ly football because , for me , as wel as a obby , it is a ay to stand ack fro the world , from the problms tat I have to face ever dy , and at the n , it maes me calm and happy .
I recommd this sport to eryone , beaue it could be , as it is for me , a mome to distract ou from the world , a moment to pend witot thinkin but tmorrow .
Football cou be e way to me yor fries , ad to pend time with tem .
Trust me , I 'm right .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Aia Pacific ae me a soid bakgroud in the health cre sector and chemistry , as el as a strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my persnl interss in phamaceutical technogy .
Ths undergraduate work alo with diversfied profssonal experince helped shape he specific research interests that nw drive me to purse graduate rk in the field of indtrial pharmacology nd ave me t opportunity to learn and or with the new medicines nd deliery methods , ensuring their safety and qualiy aademic and research opportunies for my terest in parmacuticals as a scientific areer .
Da Kennedy
I am very grateful fo your invitation to th interview .
I am ad to ell you that I am able to come on February 16t at 10:00am . I wld appreciate it if y cold reserve a pakig space f me .
Could o please tel me hw long te intrview wil be ?
ind regards
Andrés Fenánz
I iv in Ept .
It hs a lo of hstorical plas .
T most hisorcal pac is the Pyramids . They were bul re than 000 yars o .
If any tourist decde to vsit e Pyramids , he / she shuld enjoy riding a camel , hore or buggy .
Also , taking soe itures will be a great idea .
The pyrmids are fmus ecause of the wy they were buit . It a a great b by the Egyptians .
any people tink that parents are responsible for the bad behaviour of youg peope d they hold be puihed o tht .
I agree wh ta ol in prt , ecause in my opinion there e sm more reasos .
Frst of al , we chldren are small , they r plit and alwa listen to parents . For exaple , they do homework , go to sleep at regulr hous and me back ho fter school .
This is a time we prent can create behaviour of their childrn , becaue when he gow up , they begin to rbel and do things whh are oo in thei opinin .
condly , other factors ae an impact on t behaviour of ole children lie teenagers , it is n ny ter parets but other people , wo surround hem .
It is a time when children must choose wich peope are good or bd , and hch ay the will go in a difficult situation . F example , wll they rnk alcoo or will hy have u without ay stimulants ?
If they coose ad , they could begin to so doing thngs which were important to thm in revious erids in their lives .
In summary , I would like to point u tt he mst impac for yong eople hae their ow , becuse life is a ime when peoe onl choose .
Parents are ver important , becaue they can suest so solutions , bt fina dcisios mus be tken by ther hildrn .
The Grt Wl is a great mltary costrution in hia , known as a miracle in e hisry of ancient human construction .
he existing Grea al a maily bit in the 5h centy of Min . The Gra Wal a a total length of 81.8 klometes .
It is a symbol of China , alon wth Tiannanmen Square and the Ter Cota Warriors an Horses .
It was lised as a word heritage sight in December , 1987 .
The area of e Grat Wall has been nhabited by ma thni groups sic ancent times .
The develpmen of each naio a their rltionship is he e ont to bserving and understanding he aa of the Great Wl .
This eek was a little bit difficult becaus it was h beginning of classes . I o up eary to be on time fr my classes and to trt wt l te enthusiasm in he n semete .
The next d , Tueay , it was hard for me to g up , bt te simpl fat of eing my classmae meant it w so uch esir .
I arrived at schoo wth all the enery , and I eided that ths emeser wl be better han the las .
Ts , the classes ae just bgun with ew teachers d othes who have alread taught me .
What is difficult is that teachers av already gen us al the homewrk for t wek .
ter , I wt to my house wi my mo nd I helped her mk the al and did th washing up .
After th , I did my homework ecuse I hd a lot of it and it was pretty hard .
So , every day I am kept aake .
My dad tol me to do my best and if hs semester goes ll for me , my dad wil gve me a tblet , because I really ned ne .
So ts is my ek .
Howeve , on Sturay I went to nglish class in the eenig .
Later , my parents , my brother an I went to turn around to relax fro all the strs of the wek .
inally , on unday I rested at he with my family .
vry econ , every day , eery week , every ya , life goes on d humans discover a new ting .
Scientists y to make people 's lives eaier , ut that 's harmful o eole 's health because that makes peopl n mo and get more fat .
In the future , cars will l and be faster .
We wo n't s oi as a fel .
We wi find new sorces of nrgy wich will be lea and chea .
Renewable and new nrgy is lea and so cheap , we a use the su 's rays to geerate lectricit f huse and ars .
Coputers will write hat you think , mobiles ll be smaller and lighter .
Tourits wl travel to other planets . People will lie on the mon d nder the seas or oeans .
Woring as an T is vey excting ecause u need to program everything , it is like a chalenge , although you c do difeent hngs . Y cn be on duty in ur hous and deal with yor boss by cllphne , so do n't be alarmed if your children boter you .
It is a little stressful when yo have a lo of work . I hop we I have my job I wil be in charge of IT department securiy .
It 's a ery worthhile job .
I agree ith that opinion bcause I do n't lik sopping at all .
I hink it 's very sill when you go to the store and y hve no money .
But you wn to e all th ood and aybe buy one of the product .
It looks very stupi .
But if you have a t of money you cn go n buy something yu realy ned .
veryoe a an opinion on ths statement .
There is no accouting fr ttes ad I c not answer r everyone .
I do n't kn my name . I do n't know my g . All I know is ha I wnt to be a great man . I want the orld to hr my voe , to rove th I can do it . I n do anything . I am ot wek . I have woma owr .
Michael went into e teacher 's office , but he found ta his eacher was n't there . Maybe the teher hd ne to e bathroom . Sudnly , the door w opened by a teacher , a teacher wo wa wearing a bikii came into ight . Tis inident ca as quite a surpise to Mihael . She flirted with Michael . chael el excited bu ran out of h offc , bt he regettd h action . Michael closed the or and nw at ht momn he hd mad a mstae .
De Bob ,
I am so pleased to rite this lete for you .
I orked at a locl cinema last summer .
I woud lke to tell you aout ti experience and hw much I enjoy workin in there .
As u kno , my hby is oing to t ovie , so you can image o appy I was when I got this jb .
I was responsibe fo selling e movie ticket and hving a oo time .
Ho about y ?
Bet regards , and lok forward to our reply .
Bill
Dear Ms Kat Asy
I am writing in connecin wt e adveisement r a jb in Green Peppe Cafe .
I uld ke to have th job ad I think I would be suitable fr it .
I hav all te needed traits for hi job : knoedge of cookng , plteness and diligence at wok .
In adiion , I ant to say that I alwys t to do al my dies with responsibiliy .
I am looking fowad to hearn frm ou if you ar interested in my application .
Sncrely ,
im Page .
On upon a tme , a young oy called Michael s walkn beside a beautiful lake .
We he loked into h atr , he found a little ll frg .
After ht , Mchael decided to bring it hoe ecuse the frog as very ill .
Te frog got el while it was at hme o to months .
However , Michael disoered th it w a bad wizard .
The wizard attaked i d he went away rom home .
Michael closed th dor and knew at that momet he a ma a mistae bcaus he lost his house .
It was a hot , sny day . Pter decided to go to the waterfront promenae and have a walk .
He was feelng so re beause of h fresh a .
Sudenly , he heard a hihg - ptched crem .
Then he saw a womn starting to jmp ovr the enlosure !
Peter thought that he ust do somethng quickly to event her rom commiting siide .
He shouted out r help , b no o was around .
So he immediately contacted h police fo help .
In t lash of an y , the polie came .
Finall , he if of he wom ws saved by h olie and the olic thaked Peter for heling them .
The ersn I most dmre is call Ronaldinho , a footall pler who , in my opinion , is t st of l me .
He w only ne golden bl , but he soud have won mr than ta .
He mostly played in th nume 10 even though he also played in numbers 80 an 45 .
He was br in Poto Alegre , in 1980 , and playe in several tam , like Barcelona d AC Mila .
Te skills he s are wonderful . He knows everything aout fotball , hi passs were fantasic , he passed the ll even wih his ack !
Even though ost people think hat esi or Ronaldo Naaro are evn better th him , oth eopl think the same as me .
Thr re 3 bedrooms d 3 bthroms .
e itchen looks small and simple .
e liing room shares an area wt the dining room .
We ha a small gade .
My mom likes groig plans sc as vegetables .
t all started when I found a ok on he b .
Ths book got me interetd nd I beg reading more nd ore . he moe I ea , the more I led it . At ti tim nothing materd to me . I wanted to fish he bk as so as possible . I do not know he en , t I wanted the end of the boo to be amazing , u at the same im , I id not finish the book because the mstery to open up finied in .
In the end , a lady interrupted me n I was angry bout t situation .
Ta was t rean I id not fiish te book .
Nowadays our world is fghting every day against different problems . One day hee is he prolm of violence , oe day the atmospheric conditions , or an othe problems .
ody we cn ty to imagine ow or livs might change in the net 50 ears , if thy will be bette or wrse .
In my opinio , everyone 's life wil see a great improvement , from h economic point of view , t ls from t social and cultural one .
It is own that in he uture there will come a day hn any kind of unrenewable esouce will run out .
Bt I imagine that in te next yeas we ca begin to spread the use of alternative resouces , su as electricity enerate by the light of the u 's ray .
Or in addition , we could use e enry eneated by te enviroment , sc as the wind or norganc waste .
Maye thr will als be rat new dicoveris in medicine tht il mak all kinds of disase disapper .
To s up , I thnk that we shud expect a gret ture in whic a wil egain possession of is hol capabily and , hanks to that , he will chage everne 's lives or the bette .
Tdy I w at the uniersiy leaning w things .
My friends ae ariana , Cristina , Fernand , Je , Pedo and Ian .
ey a good people .
Mariana ovs Pand songs .
Cisina really likes ogs ad h is vy pretty .
Fernando is a yug a , he likes to listen to English sic .
Js is nt at my university but we are od friends .
Pedro is a good rind , he loves to ead boo ad he works wi ou mohr .
Ivan is from Machachi . He is not studying anything bt I am sure th he is a great persn .
We are from Ecuaor and lie in Pichincha .
I am from Ecuaor and live in Macachi .
Machachi is a ne town .
I am 20 yeas ol .
hn I was a cild I wanted to be a dctor .
T years ago , I won a ne p .
There ae 6 peole in my house .
We came from Loja to iv in Machachi .
I gw up in Machachi .
I like to travel .
Lst mnth I en to Machalilla Natinl Prk wt my frins .
It is a fr pak .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla Ntional ar . It is a ondeful beach , the and is ver wht .
I really love tht bea .
I 'm interestd in one sort ; otball .
Because it 's the most common por in t ord as ll as because I 'm ood at football , I play otball wh my frnds every wekend nd alway ply on Tuesday vening .
Also , it 's od r ftness d health .
I 'd like to give yo some advice aut o to start laying this sport .
I think it 's a good iea if you bu soe equipme for football and pactise with your friends before maths at home or in the playgrund fo wo or three days .
Nt , ou n py wth yone with confidence a conrol .
Moover , sometime wy do n't you run in the oning ?
In my opion , it 's usul f playi football .
THANKS
I understand what you mean , bcause cars are so convenient , as o sid .
ou c go nywere , aytime yo want .
o do n't need to wory bout tmetbles .
Also , during yo journ , u ght be le to stay overnight in your own car .
But nowadas , cars a n of the reasons ausing glbal warmg and ar pollution .
Car companies t to srad eletric rs , b it seems to ta a lng ti .
And om pele hav lrady withed to usng public transport lk trains or buses .
Moover , it 's still popular to travel fo og ourney on trais or shi because the cenry you n see fom em is otaly diffeent from that from cars .
For these reasons , I do n't think there is no uure for public transport .
" Annabelle " is a horror mvi which I am goin to wtch this Saturdy .
I am wondering if I will be scared after te movie .
The movie is about a doll called Annablle wch was kept in a seum in Coneticut whre sh is visied by a piet o blesse her twc a month .
Joh From finds he pfect it for hi egnant wif : a beautiful do dressed in a eding des .
Unortunately , in a horrible nigt , the couple 's hoe is invaded by a Satist grou w atak them an lae just blood behind he .
Th Satanists ivoked an vl etity that is aable of the worst things ... Annaelle .
After Mia gives birth to hr daughter illy , Annabelel wants to kill e .
en t prit doesn ' t know how to help the unhappy familly .
Eveyoe is terrified nd finds ou that a demon is attacd to he ll .
In't know h end of te tory , bt I do n't tik that it is a hppy on ...
The am of this report is to higlight how the citizens ak car of te enviroment , in order to give suggestions to keep th ara clean .
In the ater of that , informaion concernig wat pople do , or could do , is going to be shown .
Few people who live in suburban area have t following rotine :
1 Check if or dg or anone else 's pet damges streets or gardens .
2 Diide et rubbish from product which can not be ecycld .
3 Deounc tho w leaves rubbish in the wrong places .
Disadvantage :
If th majority of citizens , ncluding the ons w liv in h city centre , followed tes ideas , hs city would definitely be leaner .
Unfortunatly , deper problm ae linked to the diffiuty that all the inhabitants have respecting ths priniples .
Some hnk that volunteers hould involve carles peopl in many projects to keep heir city attractive nd marvelous .
It is prven that being pt of a prject aways maks people el useful .
I would , therefore , recoend this idea .
Nowaay , we ca see that , inreasingly , public tranport needs to improve he quality of its sevics . People need this kind of transort daiy to go to work , go to school an in general depend so much on public transport .
The goverment can improve ublc tranport by ming a gret inestment lie changing te od vehicles or ne ad incrasng h nber of uses , trains nd uildig re bus stops and trin stations . This kid of action wi hp a lot to improve the qualit of public trasport for th popltion and will make the life of the people easier .
Tody , may people prer to travl by a tha public transport bcuse of the bad quality of servies , and ecaue h bus nd the trains are ful ad any tms r also dirty and le .
Hweer , if tis situation does not change and if our gvrnment do not take providence abut this importnt isue , it will be the nd of trnsprt public d it wil be more convenient to s a ca .
I am writing his letr because we need to improve te school g .
Th y has many problems that we are gong to decrie :
The first problem is tt we do n't hv enough apparatus fo ll of the sudnts .
T seond probem is aout at soe apparatus e ot workn wll because te schol hasn't dne aintenane a sic long tme ago .
For e first prblem , in my opinin , te school hould b se other apparatus , because there are nt noug for a of te tudets ,
For e secn problem , he soltion , for me , is to hire someone to do the maintenance d sy to all of he students to take care of th school 's macnes .
I he my proposal wi be usful to you .
I lk forwd to hearin fom yu soon .
bastián errari
I ork as frelancr journais , peare reprt dling with the whole ituaion in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my eprts on many of the website .
I am als committed to preparing monty report for h newsape supplment " Te Voce of Women " wch is pulised by the WA ; the " Women 's Afair Technical Committee , a I have a ollaboration ith Enironment and Dvelopment , a magazine which is ublished by e Center fr develoment work " Maan " , n other ebsites nd news and mdia organzatons .
e world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a csequence , it caused global warming , which is te mos important glal pobem . It does n't matter to more thn three qartrs of t world 's population .
Currently , we he got ore ha six dferent tpes of ans on ur streets , but as far as I now , it is n sufficient to meet h need of he environment because , nowadays , we prouc a ot of different materials , all of tm overproduced n we ony learn about this in our hm , in u chdhood . Accordingly , I am on of the few teengrs in the wrl worried aout it , so I really do elp the nvironment as ar as I can .
First of all , at oe we rcycle plasi , lass , pper an cartons , ils , clothes , batteres , putting organic matter in a special omposting bank so tat we avoid buring or burying in excess hoe srps with other materials , nd , inally , all the other thins e sen to a spcial ip so tha we avoid dropig thm anywhere . Then , when I ha ti n I e a senior citizen in th street putting her scra in the wong ank , I explain to them hw they ha to rcycle and ow impotan it is for ou environment that we carefully recycl .
A couple of yars ago , I could hardly see any ins in superarket n houses .
Noways , I see bi everywhere a evn a small cil of 3 bin taught to put uwanted materials in the bin .
It is truly an amzin experience an hw much proress my small vilag as me in 2 years .
Hower , separae bins for dfferet categories of rubbish a t povide .
So , we can easily se people throwing everything in he same bin .
In spe of thrwng rbbish in a bn , we also do oe harm to th vironment unknowingly .
As the e dffeent kinds of materals , rubbish , some a recylabl and some ar not .
In my opinion , in te next 50 years , the populaion wil inrease and there wo n't be resources eouh for everydy .
The il be on other planets , or xample e moon , ny ctadels side enomous domes .
hen , I ppose hat in vry country much moe renewable energy will be use instead of ncler energ to ensre a secure futre for the next generations , nd mayb everybody wil use eletric cas to reduce h atospherc plution .
Popl 's lies will be changed even by policy ad the conom .
I hope that in e futre tere will ot be y ars aused by the ecnoic crsi .
I hik ta publc transport has a utue . Indeed , travelling in a car is much or coortable , because you do n't have to wal to ta a u or the underground .
But there 's a thng . No oe has enough money to y a car or mayb two . ha 's why there are a lot of pope wh prefer publc tanport .
Perhaps in he future public transport ould be re comfortable for h ret of the peple who do n't hae a r .
I hink tha here is n't a fute for pblic transort because , nowadays , people uually use their wn private car .
This has soe advatage , suc as it eing more comfortable and faster .
We you trvel by bus , you st hae a timetable an it is les comfortable ta travelling by cr .
However when you go by car ou can take your car wheneer y wan .
Sometimes , rivte tranprt is ceapr if yu go wit other eople .
F example , when you go by c u can go with other peole , so you pay less ney for peol .
On e other and , privte tranpor is damain for th plane and we must te care of the plant . We can help to prevent e plution of th environment if we te public transport , which os n't ollute .
At t omnt , there is more than one car per eson . Tht is a prblem for me because peope do n't tae care the of environment .
Thy prefer to be comfortable .
In concluion , using pblic transport cuses less damage to the enviroment an ot people prefer .
I want to descrbe a famo actr om my counr . He is Sergey Bezrukov .
He prfoms in mn interesting ovies an operas .
Some of them I saw when I w a oung irl .
He has very important sklls for an actor . These re charisa and charm .
What is mr , he is a go husband and a good father to his children .
I think he deserves to be famou because he is a very talented pesn .
Nw he has found h ow company .
I am plannig to visit h company .
One of hi interesting films is bot a musician , and it was popular between 90 an 20 .
Its tle is " Visoky " .
Life is unpredictable n uforesen .
T immense pssiblities of lif ive us the oportunity to expor life bu sometime it leads to threat and dangers to ou fe .
We srely pray for th bes life of o near ad da ones .
Bu insurne is aso a necessity and indispesabe o peace of nd . It ves us srty to live life securely .
It is nt only to save our lfe bu lso secure assets ke houe , cr etc .
The insuanc for non - accidenta dth is nown as general insurne and o life is nown as life insurnce .
But we till ell it o buy it .
A number of outries give attention and provide sure life for their citizens , but our contry is till uner - insred .
The gverment should py a key role by providig trustworthy organiation , surveyrs , loss assessors etc .
To inform people by unnig awrenss campaigns .
To povde insrane at nomal prces , n makig claims hould be easy . ie surety so that people can acep and tus th inurance companies .
e can pla an imprtant rol in it .
It ves competition to national cmpaies . By vitue of which they work poprly mannerly a gie better option to policy holders . Peole n always buy a nomal premium we should inform them abot the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance .
Sccer is one of the most gme in the orld and I ie it ver mch .
I love socce becas when I was hil my broters oo me with tem to h club ad I enjoyed it wh I watched em .
In fat , I really enjoy it when I la soccer for ay reasons .
Firs , soccer is a vry famous ge in the world and a l of ople ik to play soccer d I try to pl like them .
Fo exaple , I c watch a lot of atces a y n I enjoy it hen I watch famous players such as Cristiano Rnaldo o el Madrid an Mssy fr Brcelona .
ecnd , soccer is a very interestig game , because whn I play soccer I ee very hppy .
Moreover , soccer elp the human bo to be ve healthy , ecause when soeone plays socer , h bod becmes strong .
Finly , I like payin soccer because , like me , most of my friends play soccer a l every d and at mae me loe it so much .
I would like to say to anyone who wnts to play occer to be very careful when he plays it , becase it can cus a lot of injuries . B at he sam tme , it is a very nice game .
Helo John !
I read or e - ai , so t 's talk but books ! I usualy rad a book in my free time , eause I prefer stories to short aricls .
Recently , I read four gret boks about Shoh . ey were very interesting . My favouie a : " The ok Thie " . I read it o choo , but I had alrea een the fil of ths ook .
It 's a ey mong ok , but it is n't dificult . I thin it 's for teenagrs , but it is also good or adults .
I love e fact ht in this book there r a lo of Geman words , so I could also mpove my German ( I go to a anguaes hg school ) .
And what about your bok ?
What re you reading ?
I hope o 'll answer me soon .
Bye Serena
Lat Frdy I vsited Blla withut any plaing .
I usull wake up at 10 am , but on that dy my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to Blla with them .
He usully vois me in this kind of suation .
Nowadays , he treats me as botheration .
Tht is wy I ws ve surprised .
T reson he aske me to go to Bala ws becse Noman would feel lonely there as Bahon n her mote were not going .
I as hsitat but ater decied to go .
Actually , I d n't have enough courage to a no to my father .
I t reay very quicly so I did n't do my oring exercises .
We h been told erlier that Abul kaka had got a very nice PAJERO eep fr e office . Nnetheless , e performance of the vehicle was awful ht day .
It staled in h road svral times whie we were on te way there .
So I was feeing very anxious in ae h ar bok down on Aric highway .
Because I a so sure Abul kk ad Noman would prefer Arch highway rathr than th Singair ro .
I do n't fel comfortable on highways or many reasons .
Thos ar t most daerous rod in the country . If there is an alternate way , I always use at .
hat 's wh en I go to th villge I ike to use te Singair Roa ater than the DHAKA - ARICHA hghwy .
My father so uses thi ad .
When I was a youngser , my father and I rde a otorcyle to ist our place sing tis oad .
As I w a i I fel asep sometimes .
Maybe it 's because of hat I have a high regard for the rod .
Noman took th frn sa .
Tugh he was nwillin to si there because Al kk or my father shoud be eated there .
t they insist him .
So we ur were occupin the bac seat uncomfortably .
Whe the car stopped to gt l at a servce station nar ilando , my fther aed me to go to the ver bac seats of the jp .
I thought I shld n't go because those benches wre disgraceful for me .
I fel ike I was being deprived by my famil .
If I were in a better position , it coud not happen to me .
Pope humiiae me in many wys because I do n't earn n moy .
I fid it very piful whe my parens do it to me .
I keep a co head a ry to overcom he situation by thinig ne d I will prove myse . I know ho I am and what I 'm doing .
My thoughts are unquestionably beter than others ' .
Hence , I 'm wating for a good time .
We reahd our home at 1:00 pm an plnnd to return to Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It gve the mpression tht only goig a coming back in a big c was e main purpose of h tr .
Tat s ridiculous .
That da I spn most of my ime with Noman with his over - taling habit .
My usual stnce with tis kind of persn is to listen .
We visited Nagr chak with much anticipatin .
In this season I ike to e he u shie .
The rystl clear and mil sun is a gat favorite of ne .
Whle I a lisening to oman , I ws discerning that I should question ore .
hen he talks he makes my mistakes bcause of his over - talking habit .
At 4:00 pm we set f for Dhaka ws an early ove because of the flty cr .
I fl sleep as soon as we crsed Jhika zar and when I woke up , we h rssed Tra Bridge .
We stopped u car at a radsie tea tall to tak tea .
hen we st off for Dhaka .
We talked bout a lot of things .
Wen we tled to our senrs , I think I had to control yself hogh they tled aout real thing .
They prefer industrialization to nature .
At te same time , they al keep saying that atur s more een and vigorous in thr tie .
A neverending arguent took place and thus we reached Dhaka .
Travelling or moin fr one ple to aother by ca is much oe convenient an publ transport .
By ar , y c go wheeve yu want on tme , with no eed to wait for hours at the sttions f a bu or subwy train .
It is fater an cleaner ad much more comfortale .
F example , if o are in a rry nd wnt to reac t place u re ading to , u an drive as fas as pssibl .
u cn have some other choice , for example , you can to to buy something : wter , juice or a snack if you get hungy durin your journey or thirt .
o can even tk a rest for a while to slep or to hae a na .
You wo n't suffer anymore from e trouble or annoing stuff on bus mo of the time , like no room o you to st , bad smells peol can make , or gettin bothering or busin .
It 's convenint .
u , on the other hand , becuse , recntl , the raffc has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very oiy ; unclean r produced , publ transport has become better o savin t planet .
All over t world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . Frst , the municipal should do workshops in schools n universities provding students wit is ht should lp us to mae ou environment cla . Secnd , ty shoud r awareness campaigns about h envionment ; for example , tellin people to t her rubish in wte paper askts , ich helps worker to recycle it eaily . Finally , to sa healh , we nd a ealth vironment .
I used to fnd a kung - fu sene to eah me .
But in the region wher I liv I a not fun ne .
suddey , a krav maga cla started in a gym close to my house .
I d not tin tic .
I went thee nd sgned up .
I discovered a new ord .
It is goo self defence ... it is objct , simpl nd fast .
Krav maga teaches us o to hande rselves in difficult situatons .
Sometie we are th people that we love .
When omeone wns to hr o relatves or friends , we must do somthig .
Tee are a lot of bd people in the steet .
If it as n true , life would be so much eter .
Th mt exciing day of my life as when my sister nd I disovered that we would send one we on a cruise with our friends ! ht s a very beautiful holiday !
We spnt a lt of tme together ever day ; we iited some fatasic cities in Greece , ie Santorini , Athes and many other .
In Italy we also visited Ba and Venc , too .
Every y we spent time on th beach and in the sea .
Evry evening we went to h restaurant on the cruier .
h meals wee very good and in th morning I ate English breafast or eggs nd read because I wted to change my routine wle I as on the cruise .
I hnk it was the most excitig holiday I 've evr ha and my favourit o .
My casmates and I along wit u teachers and othe classes we to h cinema to s te lm " Fatastic Boccaccio " .
It was an iterestng experience to go to t cina f my clas and see a fl about what I ha studied in the Italian lesson an udrstand better the stories of occacco , one of the most important Italian writers .
Wching th fim , we had te posibility to e e chraceristics of ccaccio 's main characters nd th different places wee the sories ook place .
In my oinon , th ilm a vr ell ma : the registers of h film ( her are to ) ell us five nves with only oe ain protagonist : lov in evey situation .
The reisters of the flm said that they aned to create a film withot time , and they were abl to do this .
e scenr in the im , the costumes an th music are very beautifl and I recommed this film to a of my friends .
In t pa century , we hav seen lots of changes in the wor .
It 's ovius that le nwadays is really dfferen fro 50 yrs a , so we ca prect tha eopl 's ivs wl chan dramatically in t next 50 eas .
Whe it cmes to change , we an hnk of hat in our lves is still inconvenient nd oud probably chge .
ost of the work will probay be done by mahine . People who lak aadeic qualificatios might fn it vr hard to get a job . Kowledge might be in emad if people live in th future .
There are some isus at make me worried . The nvironment is gettig wre . We have to come up with methods to solve tis an save our Earth .
The relationshs between countries e als significant , as we can e discord bteen countries , hing that it will not lead to wa .
elevision entertains as wel as educates people .
These days , popl ae educating themselves by watching the television .
Tlevison o oly provides entertanment , it ll also give lts of information aut the events around the globe .
Chnnels like Nationl Geographic and Animal Planet will tell us he imal behaviour nd t ogins of specs .
Few programmes some intellectal programs will inrase the creatity of the people .
Wn ichal woe up that morning he smelled a stnge smell in te air . He di not kno what wh te surc of that srnge smell ws but , in hs nse , he eeived a kin of ign smething bd h hapened .
Very quicl he ot up and ried to put ht sensation u of his head , but ... h sme , the feelin , the sign ... but " wht ?
hat is that ? " he thought .
He started to watch te ks running , layin , lauhng a ot , the same coup ro yesterday alkng about le , e sadness in he cy .
With a great effort , he sat down on t rss , he felt tired , nd hd a ligh ssation of pain in hs chest , sitting tere with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... hs ae changed is drk , ow he d a clear image of eveerything . When he opene h door of th house , his girlfred was there ying on he floor . Michael remembered everything : he fht , the lies , th screams , he knife ... he bld ; but Michael lsed the door and knew at that mmnt he ha ma a mistake .
Dabees is an inreae of lucos in the blood , Thee e two tye , firt Diabetes Te 1 which is pesent in childre , e paient needs insuln every dy . Also , this diabets is caused by the destruction of he inslin released by th person 's mmne sytem .
Diabtes Tye 2 is present in adults ; the insuln is generated but it does not work in t body , so te amonts of glucose are stored in h od .
Ti diabetes is cause by ba ie of people or because people hv a ba life .
So it is neesary to at vegetabls and frui an so to do exercise .
My view is that ubli trasport is good bcause it hs prevented pollution , wch is god o te pblic .
Many pople hink traeling by car is more comfortable for them .
Howevr , they must understand travelling by car is ot any kind of exercise .
If te plane to travel by pbic transort , eople woul walk to the bs so and g of the bus and walk for necesary hng .
So my opino is ood fr both paries .
Hi ,
It 's Roevelt , hope you kn me .
Hope thi messae finds ou in good heth
On 25th Januar 203 , Vrid ca nto my li .
And I want to give a sprise to Vrind by sedig h a short vie .
If you guys could share a quality , mmory or an eventful tie that you hared wit her through ideo mesage , it oul be a gea favour to me .
Pease record yo essage and send it to my eail addrs f9u54t4g245@gml.m before 24th evening .
I kno it 's shor notice but hope you guys wi support me .
Please do n't tell Vrnda about it .
Thanking you
Roeelt
Hello Maxi ! !
I s waing f your mai .
H e you ?
Wht are yo doing ?
Do u do any sort ?
This ek , I wn to t country . It w great fun because we went to th cine an we ate in a t of different restaurants .
B , I hae to go .
ee o son
Hi reaes of international sort monhl magazine .
I am writing to sposorize my favourit sport , t most beautiful sport in the word ;
basketball .
Baketball is a cmplete sport ; eroic and anaerobic .
It 's a team sort . h ta is made of 5 eople n u nee a al ad a op .
I enjoy this sort ecase I love tea sprs an game wih a al .
Some people say hat basketall is only or tall gys ,
but it is n't true . In h A league in Italy , we av various players who re o ry tall ,
like 1 meter 60 . So if u love this gme you n pay it no matter what .
Just find a ball nd a hoop a ply it .
If you want to sar this sport , fn a frie tht can teach you the basic movments and ow to pass an shoot ,
he practice does th rest .
If you train and y have willpower , notin can top y .
Nowaays , basketbal is spradin ound t world .
I hope tha the nubr of laers will increase and incese ery dy .
So let 's pl basketball .
an ordon ves all spor but he works hard at shoo o .
At the moment he is doing tre A lvel at Camden Colle .
He is going to go to university xt year .
At h weekend he usually pays fotbll or basketball and ti yr he is leaning hw to rok climb .
He goes twice a wek to h local climbing center .
School is finishing in two weeks n next smmr he wns to limb in Scotland .
I had h est friend hn I was a studen at hig school .
We sudied hard togehe to prepare for the university exam , shared u prlems and almost things has relatved with us .
It wa a great me for me .
He ade me appy a sae .
He seemed ie my boyfriend .
The frst year of niversity , I revealed my loe to hi .
Unfortunately , he refusd me .
I had a love affair .
a by day , I red to forget my ove in his uit .
I did n't call , send essage or eet him .
Although I d ell f a lg time , one day , he contacted me agan , so I did n't igore im .
He said that he wanted to be best friends as befoe .
But now , wh can I do ? I still loe hm . My love has become even srongr .
at should I do ?
Shold I show hm my love again ?
Last week , from Septembr 11 to September 21 , we had a ni - vacation .
Fm September 11 to September 14 , I did nothig besies watch TV , take care of my little siste Ellie and chat wi my riends .
Durng e rest of ta oring week , I id a 1000-piece puzle .
On Sundy , my family ad I wen to Caueway Amador , then to Albrok Mall .
After the eams finished , I et he an ad nothig to do , so I thought tht I needed to wth my dramas bcause it a a ek since I hd wathe tem due to the exam week .
So after watching l my draa , I d nothn to do .
Fm September 12 to September 14 , I was too la because I ws tired om the xm , so I spent l day lng on he sofa doin othin apart from watching the TV and chatng with my friends .
Besies , I needed to take cae of my little sister Ellie , who is ery cute and unny and , rih ow , s is aays trying to get up nd stand and walk .
On the rest of the borig week , I wa watching TV , an suddenly , my cousi oud some pieces of h puzl nsie the cabie , so I decded to do my Paris puzzle with my siser , hic had bee le than hlf oe for about on yar , but it ad to uch color in the y , so I did n't finished it a ear ago .
We gan to do it again ad it took us t whole week to finis it .
Whie doing the pzze , I deided to oun how ay peces were lef . After counting them , I realied that five piecs we missing .
I as so ngr , because I was finishing the pzle a five pieces re missing . So I began to srch he whole house for th ie pieces but i n't fn the .
On atrday , I fished my puzzle but with fv piee missing . B I was hppy too .
I finished it .
On Sudy , my father planed to take my whol family to Causeway Amador .
Also , my unc , aunt , grandfather a cousins went wih us .
ter rriving at th Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to ride bicycles r o ur .
I was hoping ta my fter cud teach me to ive t a , but it wa ot posibe ecause we went to Albrook Ml to eat a my father dd n't want to return to Causeway Amador to ach me to riv .
Mini vacations cn be f , t sometime brng , eause yu hav't planed anything fr h vacation .
The best thing I dd was to solve my beautiful Par pzze n go to Amador it my family and have a good time it them .
Mini vcation a a brek r us to have n and god tme with our adorabe ad lovely faiy an fried .
When I was a hil , I usually or le , grey ad red .
My edroo is le and orange , th colours of my ts when I ws a chld were different .
I alays choe my clothes ecase only I know my favourit clothes and , when I wa a hid , my toys .
Now I wear different colours . F exaple , black , lue , grey an othrs .
Maybe they will change .
Pompei - the detryed ciy
I 'm sure yo 'll agree that Pompei is th most important rceological sit in the orl .
It was dtroyed by a vlcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuviu - ths is h vlcano 's name - covered it with a lot of ash so at walls , houses , fod , lothes , boie of citiens were reservd as they were .
You n wal throgh the same streets ad eter the same shops the Romas nterd ome cnturies ago !
Is n't it incredbe ?
In addition , it is pssible to book pecia tours in whih there are uides desed like ompe 's citizens .
I loe the overnight tour , in wich nly fires lig h rins .
There is a unique atmsphee !
In my opinion , no one should co to Italy wihut viitng Pomei .
If you com , I prois o 'll never foet it !
I do n't hink there is no future for pubic ransport .
In particular , in rban areas , o xamle , Taipei city in Taiwan .
Peole who live there know the convenent public trnspor system called MR ; it 's fa , ceape and yu do n't have to find a parking space .
Besides , it 's hrful ad akes the earth 's nvironment rse beaue of the emsson of so much carbon ioxide .
Tt will cause global warmin .
So , it is better to use public transport .
Bt , if y liv in te country , a r may be essential , becuse it will cost so mh mony to buy the tickets if he famly is rge .
So , I think h governen shold hv to ra up a proposal to solve the robles etween t ue fo urban areas and countryside .
And think deepl about the proem of proecting h eironment .
I love my little family .
My famly memers are very helpfl an supportive .
My parens a ey support .
My parents are my best friends d guides .
If a problems arise , i I go to my paents d tl hm he problem , and they slve th problem .
My faly is my world .
My arnts are ood guds .
Thr are my rle odes . Sometimes we go to e or progams , it prorams . Tose are vey happ oments .
My mammy tels me a soy at nght .
Mom makes th spial foods fr fesivals .
My famly is a nuclear famly .
My family is grea .
Steve Ramsay work for the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D d ives in Wshigton D.C. aftr the Battle of e York .
One day , a S.H.I.E.L.D agent was attacked by a ght .
Afte at , Steve becomes an Amerca cpain to prott te world gai .
But he does n't kno he is involved in a conspiracy .
He mees a stng opponent who is a wite soldier he he wants to find the wirpuler .
Walking vry day is wat I joy .
Bsies being excellent execise , it is also the most comfortabe , ecause it allows me to concentrate , to be wth myself , tlking and praying to o wit each step in th morning .
I wake up at 5 o'loc in e morning .
I coider this to be t bt tie to do sport , taking it count th e pollution is own at that ti .
There is n so much traffc , an my sens and ungs erceve n brethe l th smells of the flowers , and the lnd . First , I wal lowy , d then I egi to al as fast as possible to imrove my itnes a I e up walking 5 turns round te park .
What I rely enjo is ling on the gass .
It is during this moment ht I get to tak to od .
I ee that he is er to me , that he listen to every word tha I pray .
oig so , I begin my daily routin , I ce bc home , ve my beakfast , followed by luch , because I ave to get to work at 9 o'loc .
It is an activity hat gos according to the capacity of ac person , an doing it each mning improves ur helt and take away all the bd fo our bo .
Th gah elow give information about seasonal sales of ice - cream in differnt plces : in an ice - cam an nd an indoor swimming pol from an to Dec .
verll , an aerage of 5000 dllars pr ear about ice cream van .
In addition , indor swimming pol sales have a slighly declie from 22 to 20 .
irs , the grph shoed an upward trend for the ce ceam van ad , in 2014,it a te laest percentage of sales at nearly 5500 dolls rom ul - Sep .
No mater hat ya , t lowest level was always in a - Mr .
ayb ecaus in this period of time h eathe was cold , h numr of prchaers is ratly reduced .
We can see om the diagram , the highest eak in the graph as increased year by year , as the low as .
Second , o the indoor simmig pool , it generally appears to be wavy fallig , from 2500 ollars in 2012 to 200 dollars in 14 . We a ine , it will not se sharply , a it is impossible for it to fall sharly .
Most ople le to hav their wn car , because they think it is mo comfortable n lexile .
Yu c go o of yor hos and take your car and leave for your jo an pak very lose .
B I think tht pubic ranspor is th future . We need to pesrve the environment , hi is an imperative f our worl , and h slution is to take the point tht he governments invest more in public ranspot , so peole do n't need to get a r to be ble to hav a jb ad do n't ne it for the nomal develoment of their lives .
so , we have to promote people geting job close to their accommodation or getting accommation los to heir js , because we hve too much polluton . And we could reard comanis that hire staff close to h place of wok , mabe in a raus of 4 kilometres , a we cold reward people that change teir accommodaton to live ar to their b or for going thee by bicyce .
Maybe ti sounds a bit cray , but any soltion will be go , we must only make u mind up to be able to look across .
What fi weather oday !
Wht a fin ay !
It 's Apil now , d srig is finally hre .
he sun hines brihty , te snow meed in the March .
Birds have reture from warm countries .
Thy si joyfully and bul their nests .
People look hapier .
Te feel tird aer a long sowy winter .
In March , we set forwr o wtches an hour .
Summertime was frs converted in 90 .
The das e getting longer but nights are gtting shorter nd lighter .
We put our watches ba an our in October .
It pleases some eople beause they will be able to sleep an hur or .
I ke srig and always wat for it and wait o th ummer holidays with imptience .
Summer is real ittle life .
As soon as I have sa all my exams , I will travel .
As th say in he English povrb " travel broadens th min " . In mmer you can swich off from ou daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
I have't deied as t whr I wll spend th summer .
It s beome a big prblem n .
I always want to se the world , to sw in te Ocn .
However , I am stopped by rent tragic developments in foreign countries .
I thnk it 's beter and safer to go to th lak Sea , to Crma or to Kuakas .
My friends have boght tickts to Sochi alrady .
It 's the best , the ot beautiul and he mos comfortable resort in e Souh .
It 's possible I il join he , because I ave neve be to Soi and everyone shld sit this onderful ci nce in their lfe .
What is my faorit sport ?
Well , I do artial art .
I 've bee oig tht for arund twty years .
Some martia ar ae not really sports .
The 're mre fo self - deense , ut what I do , an my wa to stay elthy , is martial arts nd running .
As ar as watching , that 's a od quetion .
I uppos I oul hve to s hat , in aan , Sumo is my favorite spot for watcing .
I 've nver trd it myself .
I would probably have to be three imes as bi as I am to even bgi to ualify f something lie ta u , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lt .
I hv to strt sayin tht I never imagined simming as my forite port , beaue until my ak injury , I d other ports . I mostly ik exreme sors like downill skng , skateboarding , martal ats like Aido , jiujts or ninjutsu , but because of my ijur I had to strt swiming d n I love it .
T resn why I njy this sport is because I fee free when I am in te water , it is so relaxing nd I have read it is the most complete sport because ou wok the whle body .
If you wnt to sta swimming , I think u shod loo for a swimming teaher becaue if ca n't swim , u need one , and if you ca swim but not wel , if you are nt in practie and now yor swiming styl is n he st , I recommend professionl assistance .
More time hat you do n't ve that assistance , it is going to be more difficult to impre or style an enjoy swimig oe , because if yu realy know w to swim yu wil av mr resistance in the water .
Lat week was a hrd week fo my wife .
She wks at a anguage school at te lcal university .
It is ust th beginning of winter vcatin courses , so he ha be strugled with a l of work an stuents .
I thin tat m be the reason she had Sleep Paralysis lst night .
In rea , we call it ' Ka - ee - Nool - m ' , which means eing presed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
s , e actually felt as if smeone ws pessing down on he chest wth hir hand .
S a not even abe to lift a singl inger tip , as if she h be turned into a tone statue .
h opeed her eyes .
The , she relzed that four indisinct strangers were staring at r , standing us bide te d .
She w so scared .
Sh tried screaming and calling me as I was sleeping peacefuly beside her .
B he coul n't .
She could n't pn hr mouh to say anyhing at l .
Even worse , two of thm startd whispering in her ear , die … de .. .
Well , actully it dd n't hapn .
S just dream a terrible nightmare because I wa nt sleeping .
I was watching a YouTube ip on my iad .
She reproached me for no waki h up despite t fact that e h be calling me so eagey .
B it is not true .
he had n't called me at al .
It wa st a dream , but very real .
Most of those dreamers lai that it is like real .
Tey hnk they relly pned ter eye and wok up sie it is so vivid and detailed .
Oftn they xlain and desrbe e scee in deail like a p on the table , fiends wh are watching TV beside em , a rm ligh d so on .
B nothing is ra . They realize that no cup is on h tal , no on is in the room , and he light is o .
Commonly , the dreamers y tht te :
- exprence it when they ar very tired physicall ad vry sressd .
- feel drowning down when tey are bout to fll sleep ( so he know it will happen ) .
- feel a lot of pressure on thir dy and can not ov in the rem .
- see someoe or some peol tandin beide or rding on te .
- eel the ream is so vii an rel .
- repeatedly deam again if they rarely awake thmselves .
Sme expeiene this very easily an oten .
The mos scry ce I hrd is that the ghost pulled he unr the bed while stabbing her chest ith a sap gimet .
Luckil , I ave never dreamd it .
Hi ! My nam is Cáia a I am a sudent of eectricl engineering .
I am in th third ar at univrsiy , I do n't kno ht the Master 's will be ha I am going to do , but I wt a Master 's rlate to progmming .
I hav man difficultis wit ogramming , bt I hin that if I work ha I a oercom my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to suy so much .
In the st few ds , I and my group did some experiments for our project .
We ued some rsitors ad a source of to ndred nd thiry volts to cotrol h tmprature of watr .
Initiall , we a some pblems because the resistor did n ncease the temperature nough to warm the waer .
Next wek we ar going to prepare some euipment to sle this problem .
But I also ave other tasks .
I want to write a revi of my bok abt Nigeria and ad another boo about oots and hei echanisms .
I am going to try to read hese books to impro my Englih , bause in t future I itend to ae the first certificate .
This is very mortant fo me because he I work for a company I will need a cerifiate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
Hw r you ? I ave just recevd your letter .
I thnk ta you cn to coe to my country if you want , because I will hp u .
In the ist place , I think at you must look on h ineret . Y wl see different cities of thi country nd u a choose the bt .
In my opinion , you us go to Madrid or Barclona ecase they are the mo attracte .
Baceona is big an thee is a t of industry , so there are a lo of js .
Als , Madri is a ie city . u an to fin everything that u ed .
In adrid there are some jos , o , and o wl be near me .
Spnis fod is fantaic , there ae a l of restaurants o yu to t at an I think th h food is more expensiv tan in your county .
If you do n't like Spansh food , y ca go to a rstauant with food fom aoher country , bt I kno you loe it .
On the her hand , ople are friendly , as you know , becaue you kno some Spanish pepe .
You mst come , bcause I tink that yu ould lov my country and I cn always help ou .
I ho yo om here .
Take care
Peter looked at i ach ad knew ha he had to do smehing immediately .
He picked up the keys d qicly lef e hus .
As he was going dow the stairs from the forth floor , his neghbor Mary stope im .
eter was vry orrie .
He needed to arrive at th train satio on tme .
Despite he urgency of taking h train on time .
He a knd and spoke ith ar .
h idow woman , ho was very nice , av a prest to Peter .
he youg Poih man was vr greful ad replied to the wman : " Thank you , it hasn't to ake y present "
Mary sild to Peter and said : " You re welcme . Now , you have to enjoy ur family .
Have a go journey " .
It as a pty for Peter to leave Bh , ut he had to go back to his countr .
Dear Jo
I 'm so glad o e omin to my coutr . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you an hae a onderful summer acation !
If you nt a shot - erm ob , I think a restauan is e be ne fr you .
It o nl ffers a high salary , but also , t employes here r kind .
You shold be abe to hve a great experice .
hn it ome to travelling , you mst not iss t nigh arets .
hre , yu n have a ast of cisne rm a arou the wld , whh will make you freshen up .
reover , oe o hv a bte on a sause , you will all in le it it .
If you stl he any questios , jst call me .
I will hel you as muh as I cn .
Hope you wil ve a good ime .
Best wishes ,
Paulna
Peter looked at hs watch n ke tat he d to do omething immediately .
He ad frgottn to go to hs Enlish clses .
It wa half past seven a i cass had bgn fifteen mnutes ago .
Last week , his mother tol him tht he had to go to hi clsses if he wanted to hn out wt hs friends .
He lready knew tat he ws at , but he could t go now , so he decide to dceie hi mother .
He id homeork ro hi books so his mothr might beliv it .
u he did nt realise sething . His lile bther s watcng hi thruh e window .
Wn hs mother came back from wo , her little son ld her what hs brohr hd done .
he was very angy and she could not belive ht hr n h one that .
After tha , Petr d ot hg out for thee moths , so he ould lean his leson . You st ot lie to or dceie yr mother .
I think that public tranport is always goig to be vry important in our life , because t al pple he the possibilty to bu a car , a because pblc transport is lss expensive than a ar . So for that reao , public transport in te future could eis , ecuse plic transport is a necessity al over the world , not only because of mny , but als o the acilit to take a bs or n other publ transport .
Yesterday I went to th Uler Museum in Bonic Gardens at 2 pm .
I went to the nature sctin , which is interesting as it is about natural apects on eath like t elements , rocks and periods of life elatd to organisms .
he ecion a big and it peseted a lot of iformaton in a scientific manner , om sections had coplte inormatio whle others ad t .
Beginning with e of th complete pts tt I prfered and liked I 'm going to rie abut th e Age .
It was a period of tie in arth 's history whn tmperatures fel globally , causing c sheets and glaces to om far fr t north and oth poles .
Wat dd o learn about debates ?
Me , h was a teacher o young peopl .
eah us abu debates .
o to be good debaer .
He uses a rule fo dbates : proposition + result = psiive or negative ( Why ? )
Every deate s a t spot .
A hot st is a plc whe te debatrs an explain he idea .
Th t ot eps to get re confidence .
Aays in front of your audience .
The result depends on : cofience , olume of e voice , body postue and audience .
Th main ie is to ke te body , ake t min .
Great debatr av to believe in the id .
he ida doe n't ater , oy the argments .
I do n't kno is n't an answer .
An important deal , is nevr to qu .
Always fight if you want .
A deate is combat .
Per had jus got out of schol an he realized that he was ate for hi wekly guitar lsson .
But beor the lesson , he ad to have lunch th h family and tak the dog to h vet 's for his annual vaccine .
Peter had a uik luch in ten inuts , pent another wo minutes findg the bike d putting the o in the bske ; at the et 's surgery , tree people we waitn , so Peter was foced to wai .
Afte an hur , e dog was vaccinaed a taken home , but his mother nedd a botl of milk .
Ufortunately , Anne , is sister , had jus taken the ik , so he was forced to walk to the neaest suermrket .
Peter 's mothr neede a special kind of mk withut lactose , ad the rket near home di n't have it .
So eter h to ma a choce : going to t less or waiting fr s father to get home to t the mik wit t car ?
Afr an exhausting afternoon , Peter ad a t of luck . In fct , hs fathr , Jack , had just cme back from or , so he could go to ge te milk d givi hm a lift .
ih a little dey , Peer ade it !
First , I want to introduc myself .
I am a young woman with a mlanchol character .
I am an introvert o .
I ave ny problems ith my speaking skils .
If I am in ublic d want to give a presetaion , I always et evous .
I do n't know why , it 's always happened to me .
Smetimes , I eel so stupid ecause I realy ca n't speak in front of he pubc .
Second ,
I love writing bt I am not confidt about my grammar .
I mke many mstaks in every sory I write . I us the rog ense .
I al hi mistake " Du " .
Why " du " ? Yah ...
becaus I lov using thi wo .
I have no idea after th sentence .
An xcessive amount of ars on the rad is not an opto as this uld caus problems in most mtropolitan area .
here would be a tremendous amount of poluion n trfic jams .
As the poplaion ros , ou wll see an inreasin problem .
Threfore , public transportation is the fture and mr nd ore popl il be using the metro , pbic buse t .
Cars are no good .
They cause plluion .
u they go fat .
Cars a red .
oo choo daj
Spor is an activity that helps peopl be in an optimal pysicl onition .
I think tht sport is important fr diciplie in le .
My favourite sport is football . It is a compete spo ; there are aggression , mentality d u .
My favourite fotall ub is Naoli . It is the heart cub . For ti team , I fe indescribable emotion ... wn I s my tam , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadess n suffering and ejice when the score and wi e game .
I advise all people ht want to start his sport to ben , because this sport hels to grow and mature .
Woring in your wn compan is very chaleging because y deal wit a t of area , maag al departments and learn about business , management , econoic , sales , engineerng , tecnical suppo and othr skills .
o are responsbe for you worker and customer satisfaton . However , it is ver aisfying to s h yr ow omany is grwing and yor customers returning because hey led your work .
Th work looks depessin , demanding and stressful , but it is very rewarding nd if you like th challenges u will neer be bred .
ea iend
hope you are fine . Please know that I is ou so uch an I hope to ee you soon .
I 'm very apy to know that you wn to co to Egt and work he .
Here ae some tips about he Egyptian pele .
They a so kind , friendly , a stressed because th have a lt of problems nwadays . The level of povery , t standard of living , he fixed cost is inceasing dramatically ad e purchasing power is decrasing .
Te sary or the income in gyt oes no atc hi increase or this inflaion .
So , if ou wn to wk in gypt , you us have comlee inforation aut th job ( location , salary , incenive , llowances , wr environment , position title , company ye , policy , ision , viion )
it best wishs
Sameh Sabbagh
Military ervie is when people are foce by the govrnment to be a part of the amy to sre and prtect the country .
There a many countries wher people have to do military sevce whe they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Kora and Singapo .
Th duration of iitary servce should be from around 12 months to 20 monts .
Al , there are dierent ypes of training durig mlitay service . People generally do a lot of training in bediene or ow to use wepons .
Thus , there is a source of agreement and another source of disagreement , whch is freedm of choice a mental maturity .
As this topic , one of th reasos why everyone houd not have to complete militar serice is becase of freedom of choic .
Sme people may think it is a human rght th we l peole choose if hy wa to join the military .
Otherwise , whn peop ar ored by the government , te prbbly feel t feedo of choice is retrictd .
So sm counties do no force peopl to join the militr .
In contrast , it could be a benefit that iprove their mtal aturity .
If people do military sevic hn the ar jus 18 , they may learn a lot of fe sills as there e quite a high aim in the militay and he chancellor wo rks in the ilitar ma request the soldies tat evryhing frequently be regular .
or instance , they usually need them to ol up a quilt at a specified gle or tere is a specif me tht ou must wa up and go to sleep .
People should not cmplain about anything evn if they sem to be rigt .
u ftr a period of tm , people could develop their obedience , especially yong peple ; the are likely to become more ndeendent people .
To conclude , there are reasons to efect by people sold or shoud not av to do miitar service .
Howeer , the effecs m be diferent , pending on th durtin .
Hi Mum a Dad
Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery wih my cool .
T museum and the art glery ar loated in t cpial ci .
The museum is uge ad beatiful .
I ally le antiques , even thog thr is o much to lk at .
The art glley is nce oo .
Ty he some paintings by Leonado da Vinci hic rlly impress me .
My favourite part as listeng to a guide introuce us to paintng .
I ca n't wait to get ack home a tl you mre bout th trp .
Love fo ou son :) .
anh .
In my city , we do n't have a regular plicy of ce for the environment .
Thr have been mn projcs to improv the re for the environment .
ut there is a big problem : the peol 's ttitues .
In my county , you a mae a t of ffot to ke are of the environment , but th b atttude of our peopl is a g problem .
That is eause we do n't ke interst in e problems of ters .
We think that our athrities ar esponsile for tee matters .
So , we do n't take ositve ations , inividully .
We jut wait until oths clean the strets .
People u their rubbish in bags an thw te awy near their houses .
The do n't spend money on a good ontainer .
Ten , og can eak open th bag and eat the rubbish .
Consequently , te sreet are always irty .
Personly , I prfr to ve a clea street .
It oes n't mter if I lose time putting the bas of rubbish in a good container .
If everyone demonstrated a etter attite , it would be possible to improve our enirnment .
Noadays , we grow up wth the possibility of hoosng a lot of sports .
Tis fact allows young people to do exercise and ejoy theselvs at the sme time .
Ta sports so help to meet the people and make new friends .
The avorie ort of mny people is footbal , whereas my favoite is basketbll .
I started to play it when I was twelve years old and tese ys I still ve his spt .
My main reason f loving it is how yu feel en ou play a match and , in te e , your team i .
Als , I have met eat frins ho pay baketball .
Eey sot ocses on om parts of he bdy , t asketball is h ost complete port .
It is rue that baketball reqires a lot of pysical activity , t a good mental attitude is ver important .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get a point or have a ad day , ecuse the other pyers ca sympthis with you .
If it happens , u must continue ong he st you can .
To chiee this , I commend doing exercise three tmes a week nd olloing a healthy dit .
Aolesence ha always en te harest part in anyoy 's whole fe .
Turning , in a feeing lmpse , into an adult , prceving the ohe side of le , how tough and copicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumtnces .
At this point , you merly ae a brief oo at your whole lf , many uestions sinning in you head , accsig yoursef of eing a lost use , wishng o cld turn te clock bck , but it 's l no good .
Then o fi urself tading ahead clouds of raliy , which sucks .
ife is stages ; is stage of your le is timeless , no w ou .
At some pit , you wish it was l an illusion . Yo nd a time machine ha makes it possible to go bc in im to wen yu could see e uity of life ..
However , here you r ompletely different , made of lif lsons , preferring to ke a stiff uppe l , cowering in yo own rlity .
Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .
Telvisio ca improe knowledge of curet affairs .
Education ds n't depend on current fairs or related concepts .
Television helps us to find the fields that inerest us , lie music , sports , movie or nature .
Thse days , teevison allows us to see vnts a aroud the wrld .
However , there are uite a lot of isadvantags to television .
In particular , fke news spreds aste without much effort .
It depends on the idividual , how they ake us of he opportunity .
Watching TV eems to be top of r list of thin to do fter a ng ard day 's work with a t cup of te in da nters .
TV was and is en as entertainment , but ave you evr questioned whether it is mor than jus entertainment ?
Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
Yo ask h ?
No that is an inerestin question . We can watc anything frm news to Ctfish the TV show . In the name of entertainment , we a aually learng .
The truth is we are always learning , bt how we lern is another mter . The man tes of learners are audiory , visual , and kinesthetic .
TV stimulates two learning styles , which ae visual and auitry .
Sme m rue ta TV just does no ave sufficient content o us to be able to learn . Oths ma argue ta TV is an aming source of learning , e.g. we learn abo new technolog i a mobile pone advt aird on TV .
We lern abot oial vlues , world nw et .
I hae pesonall picked up information I woul not av come acros otherwise . For exampe , I have been abl to lear that th new BMW sen sres , s mbint lghtin , it an pu in nd t of the gara at the touch of a button , it 's coputrised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
So , hav you ever aske yourself wheher television entertains , but can also educae ?
h New Music
Blues , Roc ' n ' Roll , and flk music wre the bais of t new msic .
ro 166 - 1967 huge hange took pae .
Te 3 types of mic were even kown in 963 .
ver music expresses diffrnt feelin .
Tere were some peple who started aying Rock songs .
And after at , evrybody starte to change their tpe of music .
lectonic was born .
It mde everythng possible .
Tn mui changed to multimedi .
And so te l musc changed to the ne music .
Te circuit is charaterised by long straghts an chicnes , which makes it pssble to chieve high speed .
Diers drive h cr at full throttle for over 75% of the lap , loger than other circuits .
In my opinio , diing at hh spee on the long sraight could cause ovrheatin of h rs ' engines ad he c blow up .
Th ruged kerbs could cause he suspenson to rack .
Te falli levs uld blok a drivr 's view and lck up te radiator .
I think uttig dw t trees wic are around the crcuit d undercttin kebs old reduce danger a technical problems on the track and we shuld reduce te long straights .
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered on those which ha an apex mturiy of science .
ddiction to authrittive atue over other lead to the huge pduction of wa weapons , converting the blessing nature of scienc into crics .
espte all of the asitance of science in daily life , it is not withut criticism in different areas .
Sence replaes hman labor with toos , but what about happness ?
Tere is no defintion of happiness in scientism or o coul it et thrug th scientific user manul ?
Very oten , it has been citicizd or changing indigenus cultures through so - called luxurious deeloment that is contradictory to religious fait .
Science is concrned only wih information about the world , whtever it is , and ometmes in unethical conclsons without consierig moalty .
It occupies so pivotal a role in odrn soiet and commands so uch publc mne , it shoud fd itef ubect to criticism rom a vaiey of surcs .
t living in the 2st cetury , it 's difficult to lam science whn we r benefted through i tchnologica applicaons in our eerydy lie to an evr - gratr extent .
My count is prety clea compared to e ctes and countries at I know . lthugh there are a fw piec of paper or plstic on the streets , resident have a great rspect or nature .
In fact , the keep he wods clean and the ownrs snd te loggers to emove dead ree now or hoe that could lead to hazards , but every im you reve a ee , it is immediately replaced with a young plan so that the evironment does not undego changes that ll lead out alnce the system .
For waste management across e counry , en in the countryside , we have in f ecycling pap , pastic , las n waste .
Three times a week , garage rucs come to mpt tm , and onc a eek a gabag collector oms to clean up the streets .
Traveling using n frm of trnspot h becme o of our needs . In the pa , people ued to spend ous witig for public tranport . Now , we can afford an of those mdern ca at te deaerhip .
Th future of pblic transport is faig away . ou might ask w .
The mai prolem is a service . For exple , t drivers e no creful enogh he driving , and that mght be unsa fr pssengers .
Aother disadvantag is t uncla chairs on pulic ranport .
Those e t mi reasons ha could ake public ranport disappear .
I consider buying a ca the best option , so we can fel safe .
Firstly , it is a good ia f young children to do physical activity . Tha is th frst step to doing xercise , tn cpeting in prts ill ecourae competitors to make an extra efort .
Also , jut for young children th e in e proces of rowth n development , pysicl eercise is essential , beause hy can hae a halthier life .
Young chldren tr to make an effort , and wat to win at this age , and if hy train , the results re better n ht encourages th to kep trainn .
In psychic way , if y are adapate form relationships nd mak new frins .
In th future , aduts that are able to otain more acivements and be me esposible , d o cn hv a god ocia if if u ompte in or do sports .
In additi , tress is a cler disavantage of competing , because competitos are trying to wn d hs can frustrates .
t , som people do ot think lk this a take it ore esy .
Finally , I thnk th cometin in spor has some beefit ad dsadvantages , bt wn it is conrolled there e some benefits tat hl you in your hole life .
Der r / Mdm ,
For upcoming enhancemnt , I oul ke to inform you tht here re no onge any pubc transportation services since ravl by car is moe convenient .
Therefore trvel by car is rady now .
Best regards ,
Pen
Shop in the tow
Introuction
he aim of this report is to outline what hpping facilitis there are in our town n ite some tps or turists with different prerences .
Shoppn facilities
Although our on is quite small , hre are a wide variey of shops , su as clothes sops , sports shp , y shops or book shops .
Een thugh t shops are ot large , hee e rearkable oods . For examle , ce uning shoe or valuable bks .
Possibility of the shops
All in all , the shop have a vaiety of goods which cold atrat ny tourists .
If you have a small hild , yu can vist oy sops , which offe many cars and helicopters .
On the other hd , you cn isit ok shops if o r a pensioner and you have a l of fre ie .
onclusin
To sum up , I hnk our town offers many interesting hps .
Morovr , the goods are quite heap .
Hlloween is a radiional holiday in the USA but te original history me ro e Ceic pple .
The immigrants cm with is relious clure and with me it h become prt of American ultue .
Today , this holiday is celebrted around h world and you cn hae fun with a paty or drss up in a costm .
e ictue elow illustrates ho to me bank oes .
Frt is to deign h ot , including background coor , artwork and ecurity issues .
Scon is to prepare eal plas using qualified machinists .
Thn is printing wi special nk .
en on side is prited , hy raise the images slightly to make e opposite side colored .
Lst is the ky te ; inspection .
It is of great importance to inpet t prntd heets .
If the sheet is go or parilly damaged , it cn be packed and delivered by ehicles after being cut ino separate notes .
Otheise , the heets ad not will be abadoed and destroyed in a fe .
The issue of whether there is no future f public transport is a topic that has caued an ongoing argument . In my essay , i intend to discus contravening viewpoit in ore depth .
Fst , some eole elieve that publ transport is a significant art of our life and it 's ore dificlt to re only on o cas .
Hi my ae is Chai . I 'm from hailan . I am trying to wrt an article to improve my writing skills and pe this program c hel me .
My fvorite way to trav is by lan because I like to be fast and , in my li , I te waitng . In my opinion , the pae is t best for me . For examle , we o want to go somewhere you ed to reach tre so quickly , you do n't want to ke a long im . And the plae is e best a of traeling in t world and is safer than ohr ways . ou can s on he pollion of peop o ha ha an accident , how ote an accdet happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't magne it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is fe an sou n as a safe journey .
Firt of al , Televisin has less viwes nowday .
Most popl turn to Inernet websites or applications like etflx or Youube .
Now let 's go back to those days whn young peol stil watched televiso r entertainment .
The we a lot of progas on television .
os people athed th news , ovis , or TV shows on telvision .
so , hre were a l of different hnnels tat we chose fo .
As I rmmber , there wee educational chnnels lie Discovey and aional Geographic .
Those cannls alway contained a l of w technology .
Sme people may tink that only these kids of canne can prvie educational knowldge , n oe people do n't consider watching thee hannels as entertainment .
t tese kinds of channel are ot entertainment and edcational .
But I wo n't suggest tht tse r the only chnnes tha a provide kowlege .
Al kinds of shws can ie ou all kns of diffeent kowlege , eve when yo watch mvis .
But , of course , there wil be sm channels ha ar nt suitabl fr children uner 18 or are st or adul .
I think there is no cannel ht you ca n't learn fo .
All kinds of programs hae something that ou cn hink aot , it just depend on how u look at it .
So television ntertains , t can it ao educate ?
es , of ourse , u ol whe you look at it as a way you want to lern something .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Montere r demanding a challenging because it has a very hi educativ scr worldwide , ut als h so mn ood things . o xample , we have a lot of exchanges l around t word . When ou hav the opportunity to do an xchange , u ave to eal with h language and t culture of the othe country . Th means you have to be responsible fr tudying te basic things abot th country , u all of this is worthwhile because when yu are ther you have so much fun .
I think tat a complete sport is swimming for os people .
It 's good fr hlth d wellnss .
I really enjoy it becae it gives me a lot of relaxation and it elps me to be toned and stsfied it myself .
Usually I go three times a wek an during the weeken .
I advise peopl to start is sport , becus it is complet and makes your min and body fel very od .
When I was fourteen years old , I n a champonsip because , in that period , I wm as a compettive athlete .
It was a real satisfaction and I was happy .
Nowadays , I 'm rlly gratfl to my parents ecaus hey he spent money fo me d I have to thank tm .
I hink his sport is the most complet copared to te ohe sports .
our muscles beme more efficient and one n y gt a lot of beefis f the body .
To : International ornisation
From : Dimitris Baberi
Subject : u ree town
Introuctin
Th aim of h rprt is to wrte about how o twn takes care of the enviromen .
I did ome research ad tes re my findings .
Rubbs
We ha a lot of bins around he rea , so o we can thw r litter away werever we are .
Also , we have recycling bn for paper nd glss .
Cleaers
Every Saturday o local cleaning ea lea e park d now everyone can enjoy it !
Concluion
We do everything to make our town mo green . r ctzens always have w dea that mke a difference to r daiy ives .
It is commn tt more and more eopl get overweight , because of o much fast fod and an unhealty lifestyle .
Now some scientists hae suggested havig warnings on sm types of food and ink .
But is this de a way to rdue he bad habit of consmng harmful foodstuffs ?
On e oe and , I ca n't agine that a little notie on t od a forc people to to eir spping and read h warnings .
if is st moving and time is mone .
verthing a to happen fast .
Frs of all , we ee to ma peope aware of e curen environmntl situation in rdr to take cton to ep t environment .
To begin wit , we he to tr to u the c or e bs as little as possible and r to get to an place on oot or by biycle .
This action wuld decrease t mount of gas emitted to the enviroment .
In addition , h issue of watr is another big proble .
Nowadas , peple r wasting water instead of saving it .
One basic solution r thi is to ry t to take a shower for so long u to take a showr wt a bucket and for ju a few miutes .
Another soltion is to not waste aer while we r washing dishes .
We shold use another bucket for this ak .
Tlkin abu rubbish , it is very iportan to separate it into the folowing tys : mta , plaic , rganc , gass and cardbard in order to make he collecto task asy for h ustman .
However , we also ave to ty not to create moe rubbish ut to recyce most of it .
F example , orani rubish can be ud as ferilizer , the mal srp c be aen to the melting fatory and so a the glass .
Therefore , the envronment is not goin to recover if we do ot decide to pla u part in deing ih this glol prole .
Paxton ha arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
The we Log and he writer ...
ne night , Pxton ws spakin with them abo t crwn that had spoken with an ol man ( o arte ) and aid to him to abut the faily Ages who rotected t crow .
But one of them had died a little hile ago and he a the one who proected the crown .
Paxton goes to the house of Williams Agers and finds e crn in h il .
ut Ln an Th Write helpe to ry he crow again bcaue e shadow wa following him .
n d in the morning , Paxn was aitig r og d th wrter , but he heard that smone s allig him . Suddenly , he goes to h beach an is killed by t shadow .
Publc trasprt is and alwys will be very important for society .
As we 've seen , these as , te nuber of cars is increasi so uh ever year .
As a consequence of an increase in h numbr of private cars .
Governments around the world hav been talking a lt abut the measures that shou be akn to improve e qality of public tranort .
No doubt tavlling by car is qite a o better than going by pulic bus .
Although Lis ft nervous , she realised this was te opportunity of a lifetime .
I was manager at a retail ore .
Every dy , work stressed me and by the end of my shift I was so tired .
I decided to go bak to school .
h program I started at school was vry tough f me , because of my slow English writing .
I do not hv very good English writng skills .
My grmmar d spllig are wea .
I am strgging at school .
I am tyin my best and hope I wll pass my course and get a good job .
Hi Jo !
I 'm really sory , u ca n't come oer bcause my athe is in hospital f 14 ds .
B in 3 weeks I 'm free .
When do yo wan to oe ?
Write to me soon , please .
Mireia
The future of transport is public , because tee il be less trafic .
When the people tave by ca it is for work , holidays or for other asons .
We should use the les car . It is very polluting .
I wil stt with od vehicles . If we do n't do any maintenane , this type wil be daage a we will lse it .
In h future , every pson will use s w car and there ill be no eed f pblic transport . Thi te of tranpor hs a oute and jus takes you to specfic places a y ca n't use it to go to mal strets .
But in some counties , yo a use he underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than od tyes , ie s or ax . Th undergrud is ster nd ceaer d .
Aout polution . It is a g issu in public transport . tie if you y to fix the engines of public transport , tat wl be expnsive , beause with time the lifetim of ts enine will come to an end .
Michael is a 22-year - ld man , he as studied for a degree in elctrical engineering and no he wat to put is knowledge nto practice .
He wen to buy a newspaper to searh for a jb . He looe at all the advertisements bu he never found e oe he needed .
Michael though tht it was ime to do something .
He could nt be at ho ll dy doin nohing , so he tarted to lok for another ob tht would be uitale fo i .
Wn he was a kid , he wanted to ok in a vid games shop , so luckily for hm thre w a j available at the Play Statn store .
Of course , he did ot thnk twi an went to prin ou s CV ecuse the interview was that day . hn he took a shower nd dressed for the oasion .
He pepared something to eat fst , brushed his teeth , he jut pickd up his moble , keys and moey , but he ad n't noticed at he w forgetting his CV .
However , icael closed he door an knew at that omet he had ma a mistake .
My favourite spot is soccer .
It is an interesting aivity ! There is the Fifa Wod Cup o !
There are sme soccer stas lk Messi , eymr , Ronaldo ...... Socr can make you healthier .
Tere r soccer lssons . I have attended leson .
First , he teacher will train us in socer ecniques .
Next , we will hae a scce cometition .
But we uld break ou legs .
We ne to be careful .
ccer is an teresting sport t we eed to be arefu .
My faer is 73 yers old , his ame is raim .
He is tll a smat . He look like a vie ar .
My ater as ay obies , he plays fotball , reads newspapers a listes to the rdi .
In my opinion , amiy is more important than frens , b I prbaby spend more ti with my fends tn my family . I know if I ned something my fmil is always there .
T difficulty is that you raey know if your best friend is a true frend .
Unfortunaey , my bs frin eceied me . I do n't ko w she manged it , but she hurt me .
My cuins are ery relible , ik my grandmother nd my parents .
The famly hs a blood bond , so we have a natural empthy .
Fo all rules ther are excetion .
I do n't trust in some members of my family a I have frins like brothers .
Y ned to iscovr o is your best friend . As yo go through lif , yu wi lea o is who .
For me , my best friends are in my famil , except e .
She
gr up wih me an now h is my sister oo .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the as of Andalucia n is an important crosrads between the souh and the center of Spain .
So an impoant historical pce is St. Katherine 's cstle .
This is an ol castle from the 10th century and t sye is Arbin .
It 's on t of a big hill wh difficut slopes to climb up because th mst important propery is hat it is impregnale .
In the recnquest ge the stronghold ever fe to a direct assault . Finally the Castellan 's army , aft a ln ieg , forced the government to surrender it .
Then , in e 8th entury , the Napoleonic army lived in it unil th end of the Spanish war of indepndence .
T rench army dstoyed it efre going back to France .
These days , e castle s ben restored an s a hstry museum . It so has a great hotel it fo stars or tourist .
I ie this place because I can enjoy god views of my ci .
I prepare lass evey day .
I try to do l e acvities in class .
I do n't hae enough time to practise an do ativities at hme .
I need to pak n particiate re in cass .
We speak ost of the time , so it is od to develop our confidence an fluency to converse .
Planes , trains , an boats are th ways to travel .
I tink te boat is te bes y to trave and I have three reasons for my opinion .
First of all , a boat traels on te sea ad e sea is very beautiful .
Fr instae , when we tavel on the sea , we can e many tyes of animals , such as birds , turle , an fshs .
ex , a boat is uualy ry g , so we cn do many activities on it , sc as dncig , drinking .
Finally , it is h safe way to trave , bause we do ot ha many dangers , ch as crahin , falling , y other kinds of daner in the sa .
Threfore , I prefer a boat o travellin , instead of a train or a plan .
A in l , trvelling on th sa with a boat can be er interestin ad comfortable , in adtion , it is very safe .
I avise you to travel by boa if yu have enough money f it .
Have u ve en rafting ? Do o know ho amazing it is to do thi cool sport ? If u do n't know anything about it , it 's high im you id !
I had n't ever hard of ding raftig until my best friend , Carmen , ske me wheher I ated to hae a whale of a time wth her n I accepted it .
Therfore , we went to join a sports centre whic had taken oe organising this amazing outdoor activty .
Rafting lets you burn all you adrenaline wile you try to get down a river in a mini - boat .
It 's extremely exciing !
In adiion , o 'll enjoy the breathtaking landscapes arod you and yu 'll also s a ast range of idlife on both sides of te river .
Nevetheess , I woud reomend you to wear appropriate clothes and to big sun cem with ou .
In contas , yu could suffer som nasty cuts or , though , be sunburnt .
e 's go !
Do n hesitate to take up rafting !
You wo n't regret it !
My lf now
In my lie I av had b experiences ht he ae me hnge and mature .
One of the mt important experiences , I think , was comn to stdy in Tijna .
It w a real challenge for me to ie alone .
Before I cae he , I was so dependent on my paren ad I had a ot of fe , ut I larnd to overcome all the things th stopped me .
When I was chid I lived in Tijuana .
I was bor hr .
When I was 4 years , ol I et to ve in Ensenada because my fater worked ter .
I s used to ivig with my hle family in Ensenada .
From wen I was born to when I was 18 years old , I ws liig wh them , but now I live in a sall apartment .
I am tudyng utrition at e University . Ta is why I am living in Tiuana .
I sd to lv in assstent hus . It was the first plac hee I led in Tijuana , hen I mod to an aprtment with two friends .
Ever weekend , I us to go to Ensnaa to vst my family , my boyfend n my frnds .
Before I came to lv in ijana , I was really nervous bcause I ad to leave veything and becau it wld be a change in my ife .
To sum up , coing to live in Tijuana was a re challnge fo me .
I learned that you need to face yr fears , to achiee ur als .
I do t rere what I d , because I am dig wht I ike .
Now I am so indeendet and I ve leand how to ve alone .
I li in a small village in countryside with nly a fe pople .
Even if we are a all vilae , we take care of the environment hrouh the u of hotovoltaic systems on h roofs of many buildig , suh as the nusry school and other builing that hve is system to produ energy .
We separate pape rom lass d also plastc .
The garbage truck picks up pper once a week , plstic o times e month ad undiferentiated three imes a week for l people who lve in my cuntry .
My district makes my ville cle nd it usuly tries to me it attractive with new social initatives for the community .
All people in the world have friends . I 'm not an excepion .
Wen I was 10 yeas old , I met my best rend .
We have ee friends since we started to talk , u or friendship ha caned over tim .
When we wre 12 , we paye in h garden with balls and wih the other boys nd girls , but hen we were 12 years od , eveything changed . We di n't want to play in the ardn bcase we peferred cinema or watching TV .
Becaus of age chnging us , we did n't see ea otr , but when we ha gron up me , we met on the eekends and somtimes wre upset about som problem that we a .
With ie we bcame closer fieds .
o , we rgue sometimes but we love each other becae he always tay tether in the god tis to he a cofe or talk abt our lives , but we also sa ogeter in the bad ies , deste bin friends since we ee 10 eas l .
For th ason , I tnk tha friendship is such an important thi in life .
I think the pposie . I beliee tht publc transrtation s a eally hue uture .
It is true that there r a lot of ers that want to se a car a that number is grwing . There e als a t of people that do n't ve t possibilit to ha a r n sme us pbic trsportation fr mny reans , like th pric , beaus it is easer to gt to the ple by ublic ranspotation rather an a ca , or bause of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for peole to drive fo many hours an eve soetimes pblic transotation is faser .
The population is growng so fast , we ned public traspotation . It is imprtan .
Pblic trasportation is cnvnient for some pepl and some peopl thin te car is moe convenient . Final , we ll need ubic ransportation in th future .
In our opinon , gobalizaion is a god hin tat is happening to us , allowing us to interact with te whole world , so we can g to know cultures , monents , tc .
It ings us a o of opportuniti to chnge and , in oe ces , to get a better if in ther countries nd fnd a b ith the highest salary .
Howevr , we ee to change some things in the wrd , ore than thse is to change a lot of thigs in tir wrld countries , bcuse it is not acceptable that in the twenty - fist ceury a prson as to ie on le than a dollar pr day .
Dear Moly ,
I 'm writi about my sumer job at the Cinea .
It was elly brilliant , because I cou see a lot of films for free and I met ll the yug peop of my country .
In e morning , I walked aond t ciema an the os imprtat plae in my country and I tlked bot the films at people could atc .
They asked a l of questions and I vry uny r his .
I coul n't u tckets for the ilms ut I could give a lot of iscount to all my freds !
I he at you a having n like me .
They paid me a lt of money a I was able to buy a lo of drsse , jeans , shoes , books d mke - up .
I saw he e Disney ilm , " Iside ut " d I a a lo of popcon !
I cried a lot in thi film , but it was very imortant to me becaue I lov Dine films .
I do n't se anyone !
ookng forward to your answer
I love u
Marta
First of a , tis is a report that wil expai h the city of Vancouver handles hir rubbish .
Firstly , te cty of Vancouver has a programme calld Go Green Vancouver that will protet the envirnment by separating the rubbish by containrs . At the same tme , there is a cllabortion from te city all of any dstrict tha it il povid 3 continers for eah hus ; one for pape e for ottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
Scondly , there is a programme with the water company to u down on he use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recrculaing to te house without dumpng e ast and so svig our plant .
Fnaly , evry ciy all is imprving he care of the environment because thr is an incentve prgrmme from th government , such that if thy cut th of eer houe by 50% , city alls will e mre money fro central government .
I strongly believe tat grammar is not he most importan element or speaking English . If you kow grammar , you only knw certain rules for writing , t I hnk tht spaking is me important than writing , ecause wen you go to any lce in te word , you hv to be prepared to talk d understand whatever they say to you . In this par you a note tht if y do n't know vocablary , you wo n't understn anything . u here is another topc . Whether you understand or not , y have to ntice the ay that peoe alk to you , a tr to understand wha the peson is tryig to s .
With reference to yo e - al , we dcovered that the price should be USD 2 instea of 22 .
lease be aised of the right aoun on the sttleent dae .
Awaiting your prompt amndment .
Cylin is my favourite sport .
It heps me keep healthy .
It leep me in a positive ood .
I a see a lot of cenry in a sho time . I can buy oos along te road .
Bying a good bi is the first to do hn you start to cyl .
ycle one or wic a week .
It a preent colds .
It is clear that technology as provided us with everal ptios for communication .
Prhaps he larest xaple of ths is that , ulike in the past , it is no necessary to buy envelopes and stamps to sed a lettr .
Instead , eple prfr to email or text to en essage .
Another y this change is evident is that social networkng or applications such as Skype , FaeTime ad Facebook ae widely used to stay in touch with family , friends d relatives
My favouite sport is basketball .
Thi sport is ve easy to pa .
ou nee to ply it in a team .
u eed to ve skill to py it .
Ti srt is bout catching th ball and scoring .
u do eercse to be tong a hv ability in your eg and yor ans .
I enjoy ts beuse I lke it .
I love this sport .
In some cases , yu could have an accident , but that 's t likel .
When I 'm playing this sport I have great moment nd I learn oe and I wil have more experience in h future .
It is n't dfficul and you can srt to play .
nyody a do is spot .
Basketball is recognized by people l over the wrl .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
Dear ir ,
I am writng to aly o the jb advertised on your webpage .
I e myself as a perfect candidate for this position .
I have already en on camps before .
urs faithfull
Mary Pin
Dear Sr / Madm ,
I am writing to apply for the job in a summ cam advertised on February t in the local newspaper .
I av woke f th as 10 eas as a teache in junior school .
Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activities .
I have perience of arranging different sports actiitis or children .
I am er go at cooking as el , so I think I can be hepful in the kitchen also . I am onfiden that my profile makes me a very sutable caddate f h smer ap .
I look foard to heing from ou soon .
Yours faithfuy
John Ade
The memers of my faml e my best frinds .
Because we ped a ot of time together .
And ther is od communication between us .
In my opinion , every family must have oo ommunication , because I think comunication is e of t most imortant tigs in our li .
We ue ommunication al t ime .
Because peopl hve to use ay communication techique to communicate wi oth eople .
However , families that do n't hav god comunication do n't have a god life .
If we want to have a good life , we mst he good communication in our famlie .
Hi !
My name is Ann .
I live in one of the mt beautiful cuntries - Ukraine .
hn I wa at school my friends and I attendd junior swimming scho .
That was 30 yars ag .
I se to have trining twice a week .
I lked that time a ot .
My fren an I always h i crem ad un after training .
ow I 'm a business analyst .
I wok in an office and have no id whe my friends are .
This year I decidd to start vistng a pool a wmming up to three time a wk .
Now , when I wim in the open pool , I am oerwhelmed by positive emotions .
I like swimming a lo .
Nowadays , the option of broadening e nd while traveling is very common .
I think that it is not the only way , ut it is he est a .
Aprt from ha , o ee new places and you have fun . Yu also lear bou other culture , historical facts , you lo earn to respect her people a their cutos .
In addition , you do n't hink abt you problems and th ol thin that you do is have fun a do hat o want to do .
Bsdes , u se ne worlds n their way of le and ht hep to pn your mi , to e he wrld in anher a .
In conclsin , I tink that it is t est wa to open or mind . Not the ly wa , bt yes , the bes way .
Many countre ha trul stared to be oncerne aout the environment d wried abot gobe warming . In schools , teaches are oin their es to educat chldre in w to te ae of their schools an keep them tiy . Also , thy teach em in how to lnt trees in the publ gardens of their towns .
lthogh the government strict so many laws nd axs on te people wh do not pay thir taxes to the oucil for removal of th rubbs fro towns and villges , in the bigget polluted ity in the orl , ople he started to use biycles and cyce instead of riving their cars to redce the ollution of ter city . Also , they invented different ways to plant ven every little area which ca be plantd to keep their cty clean and attractive .
First of l , I disagree with tht statement , because of he reasons I am about to ie .
Oe we stop sing public transport , it is going to cause problems .
r example , if we complely rl on using cr it is going to ncrese the use of gasoline .
Apparently , it is going to cause mre pollutn and more global warmg issues .
oweve , using cars aks ife easier , but when everyone or evey house ws at let three cas , it is oo much .
Although traffic jams , accidens ec .. .
Public transport is really importat a it hs a lo of adantage to hl humanity .
In my inion , every country shoul hae different knd of public transport ;
buses , subays , nd trains .
For instance , a Facisco is a great example of an incredible cty . The varity of chocs of ubli transport is remarkable .
In spit of e cos of these facilities , it is going to be expensive , b it is necessary .
In conclusion , governments shuld or on th , becuse people nee pubi trnsport d te word fo e enironment , life exnses it is much cheaper than having a c .
I hope to se it around h old . Public transport is smething we n ot do without or replace with another thing .
In the ftue , pubi transport ill diappear .
Everyone wl ave his o car .
Cars ill be sfe and speedier than n .
Traveling by c will be t most suitble
w to move from one place to aoter .
Recmmed to friends what country they should go to .
I would ike to ecommed riends to visit Ily .
Fit of l , nowadays , wherever we go we ca find talian restaurants easi .
There is a ot of fo ll oer t world .
but I think talian restaurants e getin faous .
Secod , autiful tourst places ike Veni .
I went to Itay en I w 20 .
It was asome .
There is no rd to describe it .
Venice is a city that is bas on water .
here r no cars , no meo in Venice .
On h ther nd , it col be complited , but nobody complains .
I tnk that 's why his cy can maintain a sfe envionment .
Third , Itly is faos r fashion .
It attrcts many fashionle people .
If yu r a erso who lves fashion , o will enoy going there .
The lt thing is history .
Thi ountr s a lot of hitor .
So it aes me excited .
So if o wt to vit n ountry , I 'm going to recmmed Ial .
Te bggst anecdote , at I have with my friend , as o trip to Disney World .
ere we wre able to visit all h prs of Disney , ke nimal Kingdom , Hollywood sudio n Magi kingdom .
In addition , we were ble to visit oer parks , lke Universal ad Bus Garden .
Bu this is not te nd of our ip . We et on a voyage on a Royl Cariean cruise sip , where all the food a drink wa re , beause it was lso paid .
urng the oyge , we dismarked in the Baamas and Co kay , which is a privat island belonging to the cruis . We went to e bea ad lyed so mny games .
To sum up , thi rip w the bes experience we have had in ou ies , because we mde iends , visited a new countr and we d a o of fun .
All abou me
My name is Lara .
I 'm thiten years l d liv in Stocksund th my w famies ( they do n't all live in te same hou ) .
I ha one tw siste , one lile sister n one little brother .
I hve a dog named Atlas d he is a Bener enne/ Landser .
He is for yers old ( the same g as my little brother ) .
I ov horses and I do horse riding at Djusholm rilubb .
I take car of a horse cald Lady .
My gradpa ive in Span with my stepgrandma , but she is le my randm .
My stepmoter 's m is alo lik my gradma .
I do n't like pider or shoots .
I nt to an awesome conet of points of vw an I oo forrd to telng you ho it wa .
But l me el you it ws a concert by he La Bad n I av aken and I specilly , I was the cameraman .
It was an excelet night .
The oncrt ban at 20:00 and a o of peope came .
We were all excited , those om al Bd mnunate .
Ther . Teir voices have postie vibration through teir usic nd gve o a good feeling .
On te stage the mov vr wel and know hw to give pleasre to te puic .
I feel wonderful and my promise is tat wen I hve a special ocasin to go to a concert suppord by Lala Ban , yo wil be wt me .
As like hi in al my hart .
I . I hope as those reouned by me in this mil and yu feel a sigt vibration fo te concert .
Hi ma ,
re yo busy now ?
I heard that you reall ave a lot of or activities now .
Ysterday I wtched Fast to Furious at the cima .
You know tha I love actn ils like hs .
hie watcing the film , I magine if I was the iancee of dm .
MG , I an ' t to imagining it still .
T ma character is so co , charismtic , an patnt .
You mst ath it too , because yr favorite actr is also in ti film .
He is in a secondary rle , b I am real sure yo wll he imagined as liar as me too .
Wh are the so many cool men in tis world ?
xox
The ltest xcitin movie tat I am lookng orwar to is " Get hard " starring Kevin art and Wl Ferrell .
Ths move is based on racial humor .
A white an racially pofile a bck n .
Kein Heart is in a difficul situaton because he is nothing at all wht this ma epects him to be , but he plays the role anyway .
The mvi is already a success , opening at t bo office wih a $ 36 million endosement .
I am ver excited aout eeig vin Hat and ll Frell 's characters come toether .
They seem to have great chmistr btween tem .
I think if you 're a comedy fn yo wl be excited out seeing this oie n , even if ou 're o , e oie is a must - see .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply r h Summer Camp J .
My name is Filipa and I am sure tha I am he erfect person for is b .
I am usd to chidren . I hav two sisters who are 9 and 11 years old ad I ake cre of them all e time .
I am not us to cokin for this number of people , but I am a hard workr ad I am a fst learner , so I am ctain that I will be a great lp to you this suer .
I ope that yu consider my aplicaion an conac me about the job .
st regards ,
Flipa
Dear r ,
I 'm writing on behlf of M Reat Barczak .
30th October works f Rent to meet in Berln .
I checked connectis between Waaw n Berlin d she wll be at Berlin Ostbf station at 11.10 .
Is it posible to arrange a meetin near tis station ?
I thk in th future it wo n't be necesary to use publi transport . And hy ?
To ut it simply , te e generaon has decided to take their driig licece and I have seen this around me , ith my colleagues , my friens , my amily .
It 's ust a question of time until everybody a a car .
Ths affirmtion : travelng by c is so much me convenient , ss everyhing . r example , if we thin of the me we spnd on waiting for a u to arive at o destinatio , a t traffic is e of a o of hins th make everyone prefer to b a ar . It is more practical and aster .
Do n't fogt the cot .
In my opinon , the pric of a icket on th bus is expensive .
Every ar th pri of public ransport gs up .
We can sto ad do soe mnta arithmetic and we an see h large amount of money we spend each ear .
If we have a car , I believe we do n't spend muc one .
It 's jut my oinion , ecaus thi is my life , so I kno what I am talking abo .
Eery month I buy my pass to ue on the bu .
I am par of the new generation ho in t future will us cars and the pbli tansport will disppea .
Hi Isbe ,
o e you ?
Where are you from ?
I 'm frm Ily . I live in Varese , a beautiful town t fa fo Mla in ombardia .
Varese hs many attrctions among which there is the lake , where I le to go .
My favoure place in h tn is Estensi gardens , wer I go walking ith my friends in the afternon .
Mihael is a nice boy ut one day he me uia .
Julia is a petty girl .
Te spent tie ogther d er very happy .
u Michael omtimes a a problem .
He is proud ; it 's o a od way to be .
On Saturday they fought and Michael closed the do and kw at tat moment he h mae a mistake .
Pblic transport is imortat r everon .
People shoud wal more han before .
Th makes hem healh .
owadays , any accidents hpen when peple e rving ther cars .
Tey travel around all vr the world by ple .
The youn eopl ee happier .
In h argument , the author asserted that the city shul prohibit skateboarding in Central Paza .
The author claimed tt the business dropng is casd by he increasing number of skateboard users .
Liewise , the skateboard sers brought a ot of gabage that affects the stoes in the plza .
Bsd on the uhor 's two concerns , he atement that came to the conclsion tha to prohibit skatebardin in Central lza is not a thoughtful ad wise decision .
First of all , ther is a contradictio in t argument .
If more skateoard ues are willing to go to Central Plaza , the ae mor custmers to help the grwh of busiess .
This is contrary to the athor 's asserton .
From thi pot iew , the decrese in business mt be caused by other actrs , t not skatebod users .
Howev , there are many resos that can cause usines to ro off .
robably , the soes ar too ol in Centra Plaza , ich culd nt attrct customers to walk into them , ad they will have to be renovated .
Furthermre , th products o sale in the sores migt not mt customers ' needs .
The bove reasons could influence h business in Central Plaza directly .
Secon , the author claimed that t sanitation problm cause by skatebord ers is n only hapen by speific person , whenever more customers shoud ing more waste an rongdoing .
Tse probles suggest that there is nt sufficient secity in entrl Pla .
Moreover , the prble woud ae by skateboarding immediately is the skatebard users takg ve pedestrian walking space .
To solve this problem , t ty shou se up more sac an failitie for skateboarding , and separate the different spac r walking and skaebording .
To sum up , th author 's prediction wo n't happn if te city poibits skateboarding .
In cntat author 's conerns , he incrasin skateboard users would rig mre potential to improve busness in Central Plza .
On the ote hnd , he autho should prvid profound discssio why popl wh come to Cental Plaza do n't sop tre .
Th condition of the stores ad safy are wo crucial factos ha affect business in the plaz .
To strenghen the author 's coclusion , the autor should put the factors aboe into he argumen .
I ae a big fmiy which cosists of thre sites and oe brothr .
ut when omparig my famy with my ather 's family ,
I do n't feel hat , ecuse he h five sisters and three brothers .
hn my sister e maried hey have one or t childre at mst . I thin h Egytian faml h beome smalle with the passage of tme .
Ccaine is e most danerous adition .
Fistly , cocaine amags yur senses and your mind . If you take cocaine , you wo n't sleep tht ay .
Scondly , it 's so addictive , bcase h body needs ore nd more , so if yo take cocaine , u wi ave because you 'll be an ddic .
Finally , th conseuence of cocane is deth . If y inhale cocaine all the tm or a ot , yu wl i premarely .
In conclusion , cocan is e ot danerou addiction , bcuse y ie prematurely nd or body is destroy by th cocaine .
Oh , cl ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
Yeah , firs te is OK .
Bu if yo nt , I see som wok in specil Fee free to sho me a note or metion ^^
There is an increasing ren towads prvate tranport so th plic transport will be reduced in the futr .
Ultimately , publc transport will be negligible in the future .
There are so many reasons tat could afec the publi transport system .
The main o is that nwadas pepl ar incredibly busy ih their day to day lfe , so tha th do n't ike to spend thei valuble im waiting o regular tranprt . Alo , ubic transport auses lots of pollution hich is hmful for hun beings .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for prgnnt wmen u to emissions of caro mon ide , which afecs r ood cels and irritates the rspiratory sstem . As a result , tey pefer privte transport ystms to pevet sch hazards .
Fially , the public trnsport system is n awys se .
To illustrate , if tenge girls travel by publc trnsport eve day who il interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a b calleng for them .
To whom it may cncer
I am writing th e - mail because we want to he yr comay to do the accouning for o company .
Principally , we need to have h Financial Sttes , so we need them as fa as yu can ecause , if not , we ill hae leal problem .
I wuld ik to know if yu n gve us ose services a in wat tim yo l ave them .
Als , if it is the cas , I would like to arrange a meeting to give you all the documents you need .
I am looking forwr to your anwer .
Sincerely , Tania Aad .
Dear friends ,
Thank o fo h weekend .
We really enjoyed it !
Your nw house near t beach is ve nie .
We njoyd siming in te a , sunathing , hing a babecue n eein h snet .
Fo ne tme , we would like to invie you to ou woodhouse .
We ho to e yo so !
Best wishes !
e grp shows the seasal sales of c - cem in two places - ne is fm an ice - ceam va while h other is in an indoo ublic swimming po , fom 201 to 214 .
Th line wih represents he indoor smming ool emins fary stad , from apprxmately 1800 to 250 , h period of evry year fm Aprl to Jun a October to December h he higest outsanding acievemet , whilst t sles are downars overall .
Howevr , compared to the ine for the ndor swmmig po , t diffeence of seasonal achiement of the c - cra van is considerably lrger .
Overall , te achievement of t ie - cream va is ette ta the inoo swiming pool , om about 1100 to 5500 .
T et seaso to sell ice cram fm t van is autumn , hil that is one of t worst seasons for te indoor swmming ol .
The dicrepacy between these two places is get .
The best als achvement of the va is 40 , 00 , 550 respectiely .
One day ma yeas ao in om place that a do n't reemer the am of , I oe up one morning earlier than usu , then I went to te kitchen d houte the name of my mother ... b no one answered , and t firt thing that I imagined a tat they h gn to tw . Quickly , I went out to fid them ...
Bt there w no one , absolutly no one . I s scared , I yelled and sramed , looked d looked , but I ad no scess .
Suddeny I felt a wam hand touch my houlde and er slow turned , but the onl thing I saw was a shadow that was hlding a knife .
I woke up and ralised it had all been a bd dream .
Recently , he I was on YouTube , I aw a movie trailer . The fim looked so go , and ys lae , my friends asked me if I wante to go with them to te cinema , so I decided to go nd , luckily , hey had decide to see the ilm that I ad en das before .
T fil is a romntc movie . It is abot a man , Noa , wh ive in a small seaside tn , who fls in lo with a rich gl . But like aways , th grl 's parents did not lie N 's life , becaus the gir 's fater thinks tht Noa is o good enugh for heir daughter .
nd at the d of he summer , the girl leaves , but next yea she cmes again . t this time , he ha a bofriend a this break oa 's hert .
Wa Noa does not ow is that she was in lo with him fo the first tme tht s saw him .
First of l , I should say tat I ike a t of different ind of sports .
One of my avourite types of sport is swimming .
I have ben wmming sine childhod . I enjoy myself wil I am swimin .
Swimming develops all tpes of mscles .
You c swim all yr in the swimin pool , se , rivers ad so on .
My advie to anyo who starts wimmig is to joy ourelf while o wi .
Thank u for yor ttetion !
With the risng prics for public trasort in Londo , commuter r chosing to use heir cars more and mor .
Pulic transport was crete to relieve the traffic in big ow centres nd also to facilitate woker ' commtes .
Nowadays , trans n buses re usuall cked and t ticket fares are very expensive .
I paticularly deidd to rve to do my ay - to - dy tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church n so on .
To whom it may concern :
I ae upo your ad in the newspaer nd I wish to apl o h job .
I 'm a grt people person a have grea knowledge of computers , organising activiis fo cilden and also I 'm a jr . chef .
I hope yu can grat me the opportunity to ve a meeting .
Sincerely yrs ,
Mario Monteagudo
What a ic oem , at east mntion the am of a proficient oet oo .
I so hop to meet a group of old fiends one agin to revive the wonderful and unforgettable shared memories of student life .
Tell me what happened at our fst meetng ?
If it is unspeakably o pubc readings , thus menton it in h emil .
Tanks fr yur god wishes as well .
Hi my name is Robert .
My faouite sport is basketball .
I really lik this sort .
I as 7 eas old wn I played it r the first tme .
My fst atc as when I s in scoo .
Our team wo th matc .
We we hpy .
My advice to anyone who wants to pla ths gae , is ta you do n't have to be tall or fs , when you play ou hav to hink a lot .
I njo this gam becau he most impotan hin is team rk . You have to undrtand each thr .
It 's raly important to be tall because you wl score pints faster and bttr .
My favouit payer is Marin Grtat .
He is a Plsh basketball layr .
He is eally tall , he is 202 centimeters .
My history of basketball as very sho .
I ca n't give you much adice , but one thing I kw , em work is the ost important thn in tis game .
To bgn , everything is vr dificut here .
In the first plc , my couny 's politics are bad , d people ave no work .
In t secnd place , ther are very important people , and they ant to have a lot of moe .
Young peole want to fd a go job here , ut they are woring in MacDonald 's or Burger in fo a low salary .
If you wat to work hre , yo must know languages , f example , Englh , French or eran .
u mt be a person in charge and a worker , and you wil be able to find god work .
My family have a copany , and if you wan , you could ork wh the .
I wish yo lo of ck hee .
If o have y probes , you ca call me ! !
I il wt for our call .
Televisio plays an essential pat in our lif ; we un it on nearly every dy , ice it can make lf mo inteesting .
Television entertains us , it ca ao edute .
Tere re wo pnts to prove it .
or one , a show boadcas on telvision my enlighten us nd give us ome enlightenen .
Teleplays re n just fr fn ; they can have a deep meanng . A short sory tells g , ut lik a useful ook .
So , why ca n't television ducate us ?
Fr another , there e many different types of progrms which a broaden ou views ; they give details of education , pu other meaninfl information , such as documentaries , tal shows an so on .
Tse programs r t jut for killing tme , but for educating .
Tlevisio is just lke a kaleioscope , ter are arious materials provided for us .
To u up , teleisin ntrtains ; it cn ao educate .
Sra as a t of good retaurants .
The Damasus restaurat at th centre of the ity is quite a ni place to hve a ea .
It has all inds of food , even really fay fd .
You can enoy having your breakfast there wt yor family , beaus hey have so ay types of foo .
hi restaurat also h mes for children , whc ey can snd hei tie playig with .
It also inlude a ue car park , so u c ark yr own car r ree .
On Friay they serve special food for those who do n't have enough moy to pay .
It 's a ery nice restaurant whi I like the most .
h invention of t car mae people 's lve easier .
No No longe do ey have to solely dend on pblic transport .
Thoh public transport is haper a oe could get to know many people , n increase e 's network .
ut public transrt hs a fixed schedule a on a by da not many can reay enjoy thi journey .
Pulic trnspot ca n't hel when ne has to travel suddnly or to go somwhere that it does n't ps rough .
At hose ims , a ca is conveient to use .
Ev inreasng crow in cities and traffic pobles ae icreasing .
h ome of the future .
hes days , houses are vey different , but in he future oses wil be
perhaps th am .
The future ouses wil be differnt no in terms of achiecture , but in terms of functionality .
Diffrnt people wl ee different functions , options d functionality in he fuure house .
This wll be like in ancient times , but in th past the houses were the ame al round .
Th progress of technolog is ey st .
From : hoes , team vehicle , firs petrol and gas a to fuur car wh th ful wl be electricity .
The lat film I saw was " Th Enormos Islnd " , so I am going to eview it for he tudents fm cub .
Th film tt I selected star Scarlett Jansson a ra itt .
e fm w produce in 2010 by the well - known director Stanley Kurick .
T fil tels us the sry of Moica ( Scarlett Johansson ) a e routine if on " Cretacro " , an eormous mysterious iland locatd in he Pafic Oca . Te problems start when Moica flls in lov ith Marti .
arti was a solitay and uit uy who moved to Cretacro to relax , bt he chang hn he met Monica in the main resarant .
I wrk in a cofe sh in h cit centr .
One of my main responsibilities is preparing something by 7.30 am so I ge up at 6 every mornng and I eav hom or wk at 6.45 am .
I finish wor at abou 5 pm .
Ater ta , I go to English class 3 das a wk .
In adition , I spend my fe me doing Yoga or cookng good meals for my fmiy .
My hobby
Books , books n again books .
I elly like to ead everything I can catch and I wil av a loo in every book to s what it is aot .
Often , I like to ad biogrphes , hitory boks a novels , n I rlly like Jane usten 's books .
I hae all r collected works at home ad I ejo a l having a trip wih hr charactrs in ah and l around . I lke to red chlren 's books and I ad lots of fun with Betix Potter books an all her ittle animals ; with Peter and l of thm .
At home I have lots of book re d in my ounty , bt I like to go to h library and sometimes I go a ave a ook in harty shops ad at boot sas , because I can fn lts of ice oks an pay a very good price for hem .
When I eed a ok f my Eglish clases , I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
A few monhs go , I ead s Misrabls , by Vtor Hugo . I read this book whe I wa in high shool , but I did n't think abou the subject .
But n I really ejoed it , n my best friend bought me a iket to a theatre to s the musical show , whc was amazng . F s cople of hours , I id n't move . It w a brilliant present .
This Saturday , I started a e bok by rancine River , te boo is called h Warrio . I han't finished the first haptr , but I in te ok vry good .
I hae ea ohe books by ts writer a I rely ejoyed them .
Public transport in the nr ftre
Nwadays , tee are any modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , u it is a rality that peole prfer to trave by car .
Current , travlig by a is oe seful han public tansprt ; yo ca move around the city nd reduce e tim it aks . Smeties y an share your car with friends or famly and this way of travelling is cheaper .
Teacher , I no travelling by car is h ost convenient .
However , I think you opinin is similar to wha our forebeas thought , because fo them , societ was nevr going to t the transport we have nowday .
It is difficult r us to imine a world in which tere are n cars lie we r ud to seeing .
Nevertheless , I believe that technolog wll mae ogress in h future .
Moreover , we still he a lot of things which we can and mst iproe , ie securty , comfort and ecomic resources .
On te ther hn , we hold knw that evey means of transportation may be changed in 50 years .
Mayb we will invent flying cr or lectric bikes .
o al thse reasons , I thnk tt we should be pruden en we asess mans of transportation .
ccrding to Wordswrth , a ot is no an ordinary man , he has a grater sensitivity n knolede .
he power of mgination makes him become a teache : he hs to sw men hw to understand their feelngs and e nture that surrounds them .
Th pot is seen as a propet , he has to impov people 's moral life and rive them to the ruh .
He is the only one who an produe pety in a simple language , thanks to imagination an mmory .
I live in a bg city nd I ve the opportunity to see a lt of tourists during he yar .
Smetimes I give them som informion about t name of sreets or wer e ain muments are .
I ae no particular problem heping them , t I oten he some doubts abut suggeting a lae to go shppin .
The reason is tt in my cit there re a ot of god spping facilities for toursts .
An xample coul be to ve fr entry to e Campidoglio museu if o buy a local nespaper .
As , there ar oe well - known brand ready to give a ecial pize if yu buy a souvni atr 8 pm .
As you see , there r a lot of opportunities for touriss to sed their money in my ct .
You hav on to coose what is t st o yo .
ou wi not rgret it .
Hll , I really want th jo , because I 'm a hay pson w enjoys natr , travelling roun th rld , and having a t of fiens .
I 'd like to ok in th team ae , n shos , and tl stors , because I like to talk to people , nd I lie kids .
I an peak English and I really enjo doing so .
My town makes gre efforts to tak re of h environment . he have put ny bins in the streets to keep it clea and he revent private transport on my days to keep e ir cea . They pla trees to absorb 2 and releas ogen , they buil factories aw rm the houses of citizens to prevent the respiraory deases wih ar a reslt of r pollution from factories . So , not oy my country itsel ut lso individuals folow a prope prcedure to keep th evironment clean .
Football is my favorit sport nd I ejo it ecaue it is an agressie game and n .
The game starts wi a all at h centre of the field and then one of the two teams kicks it .
Th goal is to get th ball nside e opponents ' nt usig oly ou foot .
In 14 , The Scam , oe of th ost expnsiv paintings in the world , was soen fom the National Galley of Osl ( Noway ) .
At fist , the police detectives thought one of h spcil gngs had stolen th painting .
Then , resarcers foun out that Pal Enge , the st amus art the in Norway , s the eson wh had stol te painting .
He nly neded 50 seconds to ste te painting .
When he stol the painting he wrote a note saying : " thank you for your good serity " and hen he was arreted he declare that it was ry easy to steal he painting .
3 mnth a , he wantd 1 milion dollars fr the painting , bt te Norwegian goernent sai no .
Finally , the Norwegian police got he painig bac than to a plice investigation .
I hav developed organizational and tim management skills hrouh my work with diffrnt companies .
In partiular , I am highly skile at welcoing and direcng ustomers .
About my personality , I am outgoing and ethusiastic .
I as have problem - solving skll .
In my previou job , I was paid the complimn tha
hnever tre ws a problem , I col noice it n could sole it quickly .
I cn prvide extraordinary servc with a smile , en if I was in an unexpected situation .
With these qualifications and personality , I believe that he will roe me to be an idel candidate r 5-tr Cabin Cew at Qatar irways .
2 Attachments
Wastng ime is a uge issue in r lives . A lot of knowldge is relatd to time , uc as histoy , education ad health .
We discuss a special opc abut ‽time . hs famous quote explains my previous iea " tim is a wor ; if you do not ut it , it wll ct you " .
Many people do n't ce about wastig hir tim even when they e usy .
Actually , in my life , I consider it as te ing of my sytem , who controls the whole of my day .
Tee a some eopl treat time lke soethig of ther own , he ha the igh to wase it and te right to look after it .
On the ote an , sme people let tim control her ive .
Howver , we should ha a balance beeen bt types .
She wsed it . Sh cn not gt it bak .
The is a time to love and a time to hate .
Also , there is a tie to eak down and a tie to uil up .
Imagine how o wol ive if you d n't hve knowledge of t thn cled ' tie ' .
I wl tell u my negative atitue abt time before I tk a lesson fr my brother .
I i ot ae abu tme . I us to say , this is my ife and my ti .
t his changed afte my brohr arranged with me to organize or ie .
He oud lae me at home or I had to p im wo iyals r every minut if I was at fr him .
en I asked him to take me someplace , I can not ont how many times I syed at home because I w lt .
On tie , enictual
I think tht there is a fture for public transport , because tere are still peope o n o affod to by a car , even hogh travelig by car is much more conveient .
We have to consider that people need to earn suficent money to support ther families ad be able to buy a a .
I 'm Sara n i 'm 24 ars ol .
I 'm inteeste in hi job becus at the moment I avn't g a job .
I 'm a ar - working peron and I lk children .
In th workplace I 'm a reponsible person , I am nver late .
Also , I always work with children ad I have a teacing qualification . I'm a friendly peron n I hav a good CV .
My experience of ths job is extensive .
I bean to rk 4 ars ago in a special children 's chool .
Ts job is great bcaus I alo earn a ot of things .
I li to do ports aciviies nd educional activities .
My favourit acvities are out in he open a .
I ie to preare my acivities a week beoe , then en I have to do this activit it is quicker .
I think that this job is r te children 's enjoyment , so I 'm te right erso because I like aying with th .
In terms of mkin bank notes , te picture below demontrates the process of making them .
here ar many 4 steps : desin , preparation , printing and inspecting .
Tis essay will eplain thee diferen steps .
Firstly , personnel desig the bacground colour , th artwork a the security features on te bank notes , which is alo dn in ocess of ohe card , suc , suh as notes fr supermarkets .
Then , in the prpration process , skilled machinists prepr metal plates for pinting .
After shets of bank tes are printed , there are diferenes and specials o it , it use specia i , nd print color on bt sde , an images ae slightly raised .
Finaly , inspectors at h bank manually heck l rintin sheets and divide them into tee categories : " bad sheets " ae set or disposal , hre thng re securely destryd ; " Good quliy sheet " ll go for packaging and distribution , were seets ae cu , packed and dispatched .
Hever , shets tht a " partially damage " will be inspected gai and separaed into oo d bad sheets and sent for further ctins .
I 'd lk to write on this subct because it 's a very impornt tpi .
My favourite ort is fotbll . I like it so much . It mean a lot to me . It meas partnershp , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
The whole wrd ts togthe to upport ter favourite teams & t boy play it in he trees together .
I enjy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium & suprt my team it my flag & cheers .
I advse nyon h drem of being a embr of t mos famous ams to wrk on imslf a o n pay ootball a lot to be proessioal in ti sprt and hw a ot of matches & followed by capain supervised on him
This issue is not clear - ut on both mon and b satisfaction r important in deciding on a career in ou ie .
I tnk ha , on balance , it is mre imptant to r to get satisfaction .
First , happness coms ro inid o mid .
We wk eight hou a day , so if we ubmege in a bloy pon o a ng time , we could definitel mak urslves frustrated .
I wld coose a ob th satisfacin .
In my own cas , I work as a co - cook in a diner .
Cooking hs been my avorit in my life .
Cutomr satisfaction rngs me happiness .
Although the heat in the kitchen an burn us , the smile on the customr ' faces gives us the best curae .
lso , e satisfaction of e usomers uses me to work harder and be better at my job .
J satisfaction cou make us to purchase perfctin .
T eter I can eform te mor I can earn .
As a result , job satisacton is a ood way to g paid beter .
I beliee I could someday ecme a chef in my ow restaurn d serve my customr a fablos is .
On he whole , threore , I fel that it is bt to go for a career that we will enjo if tht is possible .
ear Paul ,
Wht 's up ?
I 'm wrting to you with great news .
I want to tell yo abou the concert which I went to las month .
It as the best concer of my life .
As you now , I adore Madnna .
She can mak a very exiting show and surprise her an .
h peple of my cty ae wring to kp it ean .
They he puhased green bs and they hae done raffiti tt sy : Keep the city lan is all .
They also ave a paygrond where children a play and moms cn sit on benchs and gra when randparents accompany their grndhildren d a red dek painted th om dlls ha say ,
Wh is my city clean .
I wl talk about passion in life .
Pasion is the best tig ou hve to cheve your goas .
Passio is something tt makes you apy in your if .
When you ave the desie to do somethi , something yu aways drea of hieving , somethig touches you inside ot ny when you do it , but aso wn u thnk aout it .
Y hould calm own nd gt away om he fas lifestyle and decide to do something or apy for a o which makes ou a great n , and ten you ill find ur assion .
The Home of the Future .
At t moment we have a nice house with a garen .
Bu ht will there be in the future ?
Possibly , we will live in spac or underground .
In the future , evrything old chage .
It could be anted with ne colours .
It could have flowes .
But I think hat nt many thing wl change .
roably , houes will be smaller or bigger .
Tey wo n't ok lik b ite balls .
A variety of negative iacts apear as a result of apid uanization .
Urban flooding is oe of them .
Not nly t growing prportion of iervious sufaes , u aso t " fas " geen infrastructure conribues to it .
Mountans of studes have demonstrated tht green infrastructure is an economcal , beautiful and efective strategy to conrl stormwar .
However , rban flooding keeps raging , een when t amot of green nfrastruture lfils th tormwater - conrol needs in some areas .
What is the obtacle that stopd these green inrastructure from providing h ecosystm servi of mitigating an eliminating rbn fooding ?
Each prso has a favourte spot and so do I. I rely lk soccer because it is exciing and I c learn ny thin when I ply it .
As you kw , soccer is a srt whc a many pople in a team , so it requres us to uie an assist each other .
Most grls do n't le this . I think hat it bings us energy , we nd to do exercie , ave a easonable diet ... nd so on .
I hope ta u will ry it someday and realize it is te .
Our mistakes ke us btte than bfore . If in life we id n't make any mistakes , we ould n't suceed . That 's hy mistakes r very important in fe and I believe ur mistakes mprov us .
But on te other hand hre just one mistake an yo coud not oe back or arranged yur mistake
This rtile is about at I thnk aut e effiiency of pulc transpot .
Wen I lived for more than 12 years in t countyside , I was depnden on buses and tais .
In the mornin , I neded to get to scol and , in the evning , public tanspot lped me to gt home .
I am of the opinion hat more frequent and mre regular transport is needed .
Spontaneous activities were impossible as yo always ad to pa in advance .
I oul haly wit fr my 1h birthda .
I do agre television advertsng directed twar ung childen should not be allowed fo several esons .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on accout of e fact that young children re still vry vulnerable .
Kids around hse ages ( 2 to 5 yar ol ) do not hve a mature critical see and anything c asily persuade them .
F instance , when I was hree years old , I used to be captivted by all h ys which ere presented in TV commercials ust because of the way hey were resented .
One of hm s " he ultimate m steel " , which w abou a hundred dollars .
Secondly , I am als opposed to h allowanc of ts advertsin because of the vere consequences it has on the arents ' and child 's relationships .
It is common to se parents aving issues ith teir kids because of this kid of commercial .
Mny parent ve an unhelthy relatinshp , or even a wrecked relationship , wi their is .
On xample is what happened to my cousn Patricia he h ad her first child , alle Sopa .
e day , Spia got really exitd about an advertisemet for a barbie doll and he could not thk about anyting else than aing hi toy .
Unfotunately , my ouin did no he enough oney to buy it , but her daghter - a thre - yr - o kid - did ot understand it an g angry ih Patrcia , not speaking to her r three wees !
In conclusion , I am strongly in favour of th statemnt . Advertisements fr young kids , not only upo 5 u upto 8 years d should be obidden becae of he d 's vulnerability nd te risk to heir parents ' relationships with them .
Finaly , if he advertisements are stll broadcast , it is esentia some educational politcs comes wih hm , valorizing d teacig is aut undstanding teir parents .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I rea your advertisement in my newspaper last wee .
You hve asked fr a waiter in your cafe .
I think it 's a geat jb r me .
I 'm very taente at wrkng wi peple .
At scol , I learned to ok and to ai on tables .
so , I can work long ours .
In another o bere , I worked 8 hours per da .
So I think , it 's no problem for me to sa and work th hle a .
I did a one - wek inernship in a restaurant in my village .
Tere I aw ho a nture lk this wrks an you wo n't have to show me the whole b gai .
I 'm reall nteresed in that job .
By the way , I li na to he cafe , so I hv a short duy strke an will come punctully every time .
Yours incerely
Niklas Laktos
Der Ms Ashy ,
I am writing in respons to your advertisement wich I a in " The Daly Magazine " last eek .
I oud like to be considered for work in yu cafe during the wekends .
I am a twenty - year - old stuent currently studying to be a ef .
I consider myself to be a esponsibe nd entuiastic pson .
I am really interted in dierent kinds of fod and I love to ook .
I have some xperience in this kind of job as I orked in a restaurant or tw years .
I am used to dealing with people an hei orders to eat , d also , I am used to working long hurs as I am tuding whl I am trying to et a job .
If you eed ay futher ifrmation , please do not hesitate in ontact me .
ours faithfully ,
Yoana .
My town is very beautiful ad I li it vr muc because hee are not any diry trets in it .
The overno of my it is seeking to develop it and he said it wil be h apital of the delta actually in 30 ears .
h people in my tn del wh rubbish by healthy metos . The citizens collect e rubbish and throw it in big boxe f awa fro the city .
Tanta wll be an attractive city ad it will be an important tourist destinatio in the futr .
If you e looking or a movie to ee , I recommend " Nemo " . It 's th most bautiul Dsney movie .
e story is about a couple of clonfish wh ae atacked by a shrk . Ol te ad a one baby g survived .
Te baby 's name was No .
Whn Nmo ows up , he oes to h irs day at chol , ad thre he is captured by a man .
Th only thing they fon was a pair of gogges th said h home of the n .
Nemo 's father knew a fish clled Doris that anted to helpe him . hy cos a t ocen to go to Nemo 's location to ave h , hile Nm tries to urive in a entis 's hous .
They finally ee n are happy aga wth a t of god riends .
I think you old oe it .
Wh love , Stiago .
hi qustio is awkwrd o me becase I do nt like sort .
Wn I was young , I tried Badminton , Suah and Teawondo .
I do n't do sport o .
I try to keep fit , and I wlk one hour every dy .
It is a fact that pollution is e of the biggest concrns of the modern wrld .
The reason can be atributed to increased consumerism and lack of awarene about waste manement .
In he following paragrah , I am gong to analye ths sues in a detale ay to provide a soluto .
Dear Tom
I fly understand wy it is so difficult to dcid wich activity is more important o u .
I thi I would have te same diemma .
Hwever , ometime we need to sarifice omethin when we do n't have enough me r everything .
As you ow , I am a person wo likes sport d music , b if I d to dcie whh of tose ativitis is more imprtant , hn I would choos spot .
I tnk physial activity cn give us me beneits in ou life .
F example , if you are active evey day , u ca keep your healt in good cndition .
ports activity also ake us feel oe lexible and ready to ace eey day .
In conlusio , I thi o shold gi up our music classes .
Regards
Milaj
Truly , there is no ftur for publi transport .
Nowadas , cs are me affordabl an ee .
lmos evy sing ousehold has oe than one car .
With the developent of technology , people will use ter means of transport .
Bearing in nd hat society is alo changing , popl will tend to choose a place of work which is near thir home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
We a witnessing a great development in wrking from home thes days , wch wil also ea to few people using public transort .
Three Suggstions to be a Doctr
Do you ant to be a octor ? an peole arod the world wnt to help people , so they choos to study medica .
If you want to be a doctor , you sold do these thee things .
First , ou have to stud ar ever single day at hi chol .
When tdy hr at high school , ou will be
By lookin at h curent situation of peole 's ive , we cn imagine the cages ha ould ccu in h future .
Pople re not interested in physical xercie & heathy food . ntead te r very intereed in eanig moey .
Wth no physial xrcise & helthy food , people are damaging their health an famil relations .
No Nowadays , noby has enough tie to pnd with fail . Intad , hey prer to make more money by working extr hours .
If peole liv th same y as now , in te future , people wil be considered as working robots nstead of humn beigs .
When I ws a jnir hg schol student , I enjye playing basketll with my classmate .
Fr seveal reasns , I raly liked to pla basketball . First , paing basketbll a train yr muscles and make e oy ealtier . Second , my classmates n I al know hw to win a game from basketball because baskebal is a team sport .
If you play basketball d njy th game , you jt go to the asketball ourt it a basketball , and try to throw the ball into e basket again d again .
Do n't foget to play with yr friends .
Three paradigms result frm the ttempt to characterize paish tourism research epistemologiclly through e stud of te AECIT Coference proceings .
he are distinguished inly by the disciplies frm which they ome : markein and manaement , economics nd geograhy .
t eeryon s a car , so public tanport is needed in every country .
Public transprt eps people to get to wor on ime d els to redc pollution .
Also , o l inom famles , who cul n't affod to y n cas , public tranposition will hl them to survive .
Pubi transprt also duces the daily traffc .
It heps pple to keep on rck in their schedule .
Hello , I ie people and children n I like to ply and have fun with chiren . It 's ry ol .
I 'm a very happy person and very interestd in ooing and al ings about the ichen . It 's coo . My dream b is coo .
Hi Michael ,
Hw ae you ? I just want to say hello .
Curently , I am in Synagma square in Aths and it 's tremenously hot wether ! he sun is lieraly urning ! I 'm going to hav a meeting with oher international volnteers here in an hour .
I am lokig forwar to it le a small k ! :)
I d te pleasure of viiting ote Sparta in Omon square on my frs day in Greece .
I spent lat igt at ti hot .
I watched a Grek TV ow .
Dear Dana Gy ,
I am getting in touch th y to inform you that from Noember 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract nurous tourists rm different place .
Tre ll be leaflets , crtels at its disposal , in which it wil be possible to fnd museums , hurche , exhibitions .
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital . Therefore , they will ind typical menus wih products from Extremadura in t restarnts .
I recomend you to visit Caceres .
The bet hin it is what stay o viiting .
If there are any questions , do not hesitate to ontact me .
heil Gimén
Ára Manager
Can we reall cofirm that there is no uture fo publ ransport ? If so , we wi hae to drve a ca istead of byin a ticket for ulic transport a going to te ofce , the cit , or he a so on using private transort . Hweve we sould also think hat in th centre there is no arkig f cas or the is o enough for al privte cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives a spend less , simp because we are able to ve mone an time .
A compaiso bewee eople who like to us ublc tansport n private transport shows ht the ormr can save money and ime but te are also much oe relaxed than people who se private traspot .
Fially , I do n't think that private transport is uch btter han public transport .
I hope that those pole who wroe is article can change their thinkng and can likely to wie a ey usef atile .
I lie volleyball becas it is par of my life ad of th li of my mher . It is my faorite sort , but I like other orts too , same I do n't play volleyal becaus I 'm bad , and my frinds that I know , do n't le people wh ae bad at volei .
I'm wach thm aying . They 're really er goo , but when they play other schoo , they 're very bad .
In h odern grwig word , the basic nee of h general public re increasing da by ay d eir exectations of quality of life hav aken on w dimensions .
When we ere children , we used to s public transport for oing from one ace to another because that was he only chea ption available .
t today , thigs ar hangin n echnology plays a sgnifcant role in our lvs . The autombile instry incresed its vertical and aving a a ha becoe a necsity rath than a lury .
We n e nwaays , more and re people ould prefer to u heir own car instea of buses or taxi because th feel comfortable and mobile in it .
A cr a hep a ersn to go anywhere and at ay im in uh les te compare to public transport .
I believe at as on as e automobile industry develops n technology in cas , peple will be mor keen to use their own ehicle instead of public transprt .
There are many reasons respnsble fo a etter understanding beween parent ad chld .
The first resn is one othe than th generation gap .
Wha is moe , parents always conside hei child te best .
Parents often compare tei childen to others , an this also plays a ro in this se .
As far as I know , o to bttr understanding between parent a child .
Accrding to e present situation , it is a ty that their relative influence happiness famil .
Terefoe it is importat ta we should think abot this proble .
The su up t abve argument , we houl take oe easurs and have a positive attitude .
On te e hand , we old take a communcation forum . It could share veryoe 's thoughts .
On t ter and , we should stand in ohr poin and tin about thir reasons .
Only by takin aout you opinions wth ou parents n you rve al t problem .
Frthrmore talking wth parents can provide argued it them .
All in ll , if you ere to do this , your parets ould ot blame y .
Wellness depends on three iportant factors : sport , nutrition n slep .
The factor ta we are tking about is sport .
port is very mprtant or the health .
Srt increases r physical perfomance .
her e a lot of diffrent tpes of sports but oe of te is the most popular in he wrd : football .
Fotball is a simple spor wher he players mus kick h bl it he opponents ' goal . In thi sport , you principally improve the leg mucles , bt l yor body moves .
Hover , football is vr competitive .
All the states in h orl have hei o legue .
h bs three ams in th ational leage c te part in h champins league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asa ) nd so on .
These as a lot of chilren wih to be professional playes n te pactise this sport l t time an everywhere to improv thi techiqu .
Hover , a lot of them ca n't rch his oal for a lot of reasons : no money , height ( all ems require a tall payer ) and so on .
Ftball is great n a o can py it anyhere ih anon .
Football is a sport that group a fun a lot of nations .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , computers can no repace huma , because tey do n't have a brin and ca n't feel anhing .
Compters do ings th humans ca n't , or tht ae very difficult or take o much time .
mputers ha to be t rdrs of uans .
Computers pend on humans r thir existence .
And it is oing to be this way for l eternity .
Huans are the best ! ! ! !
The graph is taken from he wesite " Statistiken s Deutschland " .
It depicts the growth of the populatin in " Gmany " .
The diagram sws t deveoment from 1998 to 04 .
The graph comries onl Gema pele and no migrants .
Y c see it se sharply in 2003 .
200 was a low , bu it rw aain .
In 1998 , you are be to ee that it decreased slihtly .
" The Exorcist " , the fil .
" e Exorcist " is one of the ms exciting an astonishing thrillers that I have se in my life .
Th acto ' erformances a suble , and thy make yu feel afraid throghout e lm .
he special effects e amzing .
Even thug is destacable the fideliy wth the tet of the vel .
One thing that I id interestng , is at hi film is atempoal . I ean that y can watch it in any decade of yr fe , and it alway ees like a cntemporary film .
Tis confirms " The Exrist " as a reat fi .
Nowaday , with the deelopment of socety , a lrge number of forests and wtands are eplced by towe lock n transpor netwrks .
Thi wil ase thee probles for us humans d aimals .
First and foremost , it a cause conamination of h environment , which can affect ou health .
Throh this comparison the author wants to show hat te pagan spring festival ma look lie a celebraion of Christian belfs , but it is n .
At Easter time , th important ting is to consecrate Christian tradition . In ontrast , the pagan spring festival does n't fus on consecration but rathe on celeration .
My town takes ce of he environment , ecause the eopl of my town y to plant as many trees and plants as ty ca .
The peole of my tow t to plant plat in the centre or aywhere th is too polluted , so they try to keep the i at recommended levls . In the morning , a t of pele go on foot to wk or to schol , or ri a bike , or ty take the bus .
eole try to me local factories ou of t ountry , where tre is less air pollution , less smoke , fewer cars and more foets and plants .
Travelling by car is convenient , but for most peol , public transpr is very imporant and much need .
Not all people ca aord to ak jourys by car . A ar is easy d cozy alo , but pubi tranpor is fair and is very affordale for al clases of people .
ublic trasport maiy meas publi bus . Peple ued to trael long distances by public u . It is possil to carry lrge nubes of peopl to dfferent places by s .
The co of ams of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - ree wh oldn beach pier , for hic t output is a blck rapant bea hldin in it ef r , on e lft shoulder a golden ax , under wo lver stalets .
I lie to drie my moped , ecause I love sped , and it 's fun to go ut and die wit your friends to a bac or mabe a B arty .
I rve a Zünapp KS50 . It is an od oped fom 1975 .
Helo
My name is Mustafa . I am 23 yar ol n I am a Stuent in olage . I have been lokig for a j u I hve n't found a job
I hope ha my ountry becomes a great country a better , an I hope to get married to someone o I lo .
Thank yo
Wy do culturl differees sometimes cause the division of a country ?
Recently , Sotland really has ' Hit e world ' because sme of e Scotch av tried their best or he Scotand referendum .
Although I ew ha there was ome conflict betwen ngland and Sotand , the vote really shocked me .
Hwver , jus as I tought , re th 50 percen of Scots votd ' no ! ' , so Scotand dd n't separate from the United Kingdom .
Public transport is here to stay .
- It goes witout saig ht cars are much oe covnient ha ate rans , but I can not agree with t oerall statement , although I do abhor sing public transor .
I have ee travelling ith both for yars , an I reckon everyoe ends up needig public tranprt one da or another .
I wod be a a oliviou thinking vehle ownrship is granted beforehand when youger .
As a grown - up n , I know full well ow uh me affordable pbic tranpor is , lbeit less ta before .
Dear uan , we moved to ndon for e holidays in Deceber , to a he a beautiful house wi a g garden , a garage and a tennis court .
ichard 's faily lives opposite .
ichar 's paents are oo neighbours .
The a doctrs at a srius hospitl .
He iks goin out with friends a goig to artes . Rihrd s gt a trtoise caled " Pe " .
In ths area there are a lot of clothes shops and supermrket , bu ther r n't any sports shops .
e school is near d it is n't necessary to take a bus .
I 'm so happ wt the holdays . I he I meet go peopl an vist bauiful pces .
Lv , ee yo soon .
The rapid adane of infomaton technology d the deelopmet of Internet networs enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
The connectivity derived from the Inteet povides an invluabe business too o olie banking .
It influees cutmer behavio relating to banking services .
Te custoers fo traditional branc banking movn toards usig electronic delery cannel like ersoal mputers ( PC ) and mbil phoes is the mo fundantal chng .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Li , C.ad ao , J.E. ( 2003 )
Cpared with h pt when we uses horses r transportation .
Did people have h same opinion th there w no future or transpot , and we c nly use hrses ?
The reason why we have suh improvement is tat the tecnlogy and innovation ave hanged u life .
Cars relacd the hre , a ven planes have replaced the car o on distnce transprtaion .
So I tink there wil be a future or pbli transportation , n ths may be because of upted techologie .
My favourite sort is soccer , because it is the most popua sor in te orl .
After school , my friends and I go to a pk to play soer . We play f two hurs .
Whe they were in t hospital because Fenanda fooone , th gave e ome hicken soup with a lale , so she cou drink easil . She stared feelig mu ette so they persuaded e o an Daniela to lae Fernna at their house so se could g some rt and so s cou t moe chicken sou , because th wate Fenada to feel better .
Danela 's mom and her returned to the pk , to continued picking up t ras from h gass .
Late they wet to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda , crying , called Daniela 's mo beaue she also felt d wt th chicken soup , ad she wanted to know o soon tey 'd returned to her house .
So Daniela 's mom d Daniela arrived home at 11:0p . It was ark ad hy wou n't be able to see Fernanda . An tha ti h lights wr turned off , and thy tid to p em on bt te ights dd n't turn on .
Ty went to sleep , n the next morning the lit ae on , an thy w Fernanda standi in fron of them very tird of waiting for them , so e got ngry with th and ent to her rm and e d n't cm out of her room .
Her mom red to tel Fernanda that he arrived ery late because they ha a ery perplexing poblm . So h mom told he that they me out of h pk at 9:00pm . It w sil lt bu not to at , so they were on the stret and t police arivd beause th polie thouht that s h a globe of wine , n er othr tod t police th se dd n't he cohol or wine in r car , nd the police id n't beeve her a hey took the to the police station so thy cud cek he car , and aftr about 10 minute , the told hr that she d n't have anything . So they nt fr there to eir house and it s late , so hat 's the reason .
She hd evaded the police before tht , but s did n't ha anyhing in the car .
hen Fernanda cam ut of her rom , she starte loing in her o 's wallet to se if she d aything abo th olice or something and s did n't have anything so she forgave hr .
B Fernaa summoned up h courage to sk hr if h s tellig h any is , ad r mom od her that she promised tha wa n't a le .
llo Maria ,
thank a lot for yur response .
He is soe infomatio abot us .
We are a aried coupe , both 32 ears o , living at the omet in Flims in Kanton Grauünde .
I am originally fom Ukrain and lived from 2009 till st ea in ermany , a an is from Colomba , and has en in Switzerland f 3 yar .
We 're movng to Züri ecause of my hubnd 's jb in the newly - opene hoel Kirchgasse , riht on th corner from he apartment .
And I will strt studyin at the Belvoirpark hoe school , so we 'll wt to rnt the aparmet for at least 3 years or even loer .
We 're looking for a nice ew hoe , and so , we ar very iterested in keeping your pce iy and aing care of it as if it we o n .
If u 'd ike , we oud g refences from ou rvious lanlrds .
I op his inoration is enough for a start and we ca hve t possibility to eet u an intrduc orelves in pern .
This ek we ae flexible a could come ov rm Thursday to Saturday , and only in th evening the ays before .
ooking forward to hearing from you and wishng you a ce da .
Kind regards
Kate and Juan
If I told yo to chooe betwee travelling in a car or by b , which ne would yo pck ?
A lot of people nowadays would ke their own ar , it 's easier n flexible .
t why ubli trasport ae no ftre to stand and eep going ? that 's because of peole anging their minds . Ty starte to like having hei own way of traveling . Pivacy is also an mportant rason . Peopl need to have a private means of ranspotation .
That 's y hee is no futre o ublic tasport .
I romisd to earn ah for the whole week .
But every time , I get toule .
I know I have to learn , b to start lering is n't ea .
I do n't want to sudy , but there is no way ou .
I have to .
My fvorite por is ootball . he main reason wh I ik it is because , wen I a younger , I played with my riens an we got together to ly every day .
I remember thse ers nd I would like my children to practise it when tey are older . It is an interesting sot .
My fvouite team in ain is eal Madrid ; t bs tem .
If I were a footbl player , I woul like to play in this team , bt I thik tat it is very ificult , because ly the es players get to do it .
Nowadays , I ie to do other sports : tennis , baketball , ... but I prfr plyin fotbal wit my mts on weekends , and then we rnk some bes in th u to celebrate the vtory or h defeat .
These moments a vey special ad I hope to be able to enjo th o may eas .
Fially , I recommend this pot r chidren in order to hve a healthy life , get together ith her friends , n frge for alcohol an drugs fr a wle .
I le spor and I belve playing he is the best ting for having a god life .
I am hr to wrt a composition about pbli transportation in omala , especially th capial cit , Mogadshu , here thee is little pblic transport cmpred to r neighboring countries . Thee is a sarcity of public transport and ere is one type and model , which is th vn , a vy distcted ros , whih may cause cllteral dmage .
Sometimes , passengers an drivers ace risks n rd blocks , which usuall hpen when the Somal government leaders are travelling acss th city an een aroad .
So , hing a go infrastructure hep a lot and costant peace and th people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
Thanks .
Hello finds , welcome to Pert . re we have a l of shops .
Wa would you like to b ?
We av a vr nice hoping cnre .
If you an , you can b a lo of things there .
1 . Is it possible to go without a compression maine ?
ill we be able to comres ducts manually ?
2 . I 've noticed tat the machine 's cot is higher an it as previusly .
Please , se us t actal strip marial price .
3 .
If we want to rduce spiro dcs and other articles in the fuue .
Do we ve to b a specil new machine ?
As f pubic trnsport , yo cn save fl as well as redc pollution , but it takes more time to reach t destination ,
hile if y hav you o coveyane , u can sv ie and , moreover , it is safe .
The ost important thig is , there woud be heavy traffic on the oads and the traffic would move very lowly .
t keeng in vw of the envirnmen , we sold choose to s public transport .
S SUME CAMPS VACANT
Dear all
I am writing to you bcause I am inteestd in h job at the summer camps .
My name is Andres Costa Souz . I am a stuent of Digta Mdi at Tehnologic of Monterrey .
I like goi to ap because I love nature and I love meeting new peole from around h world .
I consider mysf a friendly an cheerful perso because I away ve a smle on my face .
I alys have a lot of energy .
I ha exerience orkng ith cildren . My xperience is from two years in umer camps around the worl .
I worked on sprt eent as an organizer .
Currently , I am wrking in te raig Tec of 5k d 10 in Cuenavaca , Morels .
I do not have expeience orkin in a kitchen .
Howeer , I no hw to cook every id of food .
I lk foard to a resonse nd pleae feel fe to contact me .
Yours Sinerely ,
Andreas sta
98fhdf.fmn34@homail.com
23 45 890 .
I liv in Bhbaneswr wi my family .
Aout fifty thousand pope live in the cty .
It is a clea and environmentally riendly iy .
The ty has is own pubc tansportation syste ad waste management system .
Peopl h live here take care of he city 's environment , so the ct is a clean and green ace .
The cit contain about tity pblic park .
The parks are ull of greenery ; these pks are also ed as paygrounds for children .
Trees in the parks re t suffiient ccordng to the requirements of r city .
Ten yar ago , the local governing body of e cit decided to plant mre trees ad it asked avic from he ciizes of th cy about h proposal .
Everybod t interesd in e proet .
We planted trees ear the sie of highwas , unused ad , and outside of the it .
Now thee trs are grown up .
It gie shade , hlter to anmals , and purifies the i .
The tree also stop soi erosion in the rny seaon .
Or city s a wel equipped aste management system .
ac ouse in h city has two types of dustn to kep reclable a non - recyclable items separate .
In the mning , a wae collection truc ome d it takes ths aste away .
hese waste aterial are processed in an environmentally frieny wy .
Te last film I sw ws not ew , in fact it was " The Others " .
" h Others " is a ilm tt is about a fmily that lives in a ouse a in this house many strange things happen .
he principal character is Grace , who is h mother of he two children , Nichoas nd Anne .
Th hsband of Grac is cale Charles .
In t fim , tere wee servnts . The were Brta ils , Mr Ttte n Lydia .
This im is about a family tht lives in a vy big hose .
Chares has to go to the a and Gra and her sons stay in that house , ut he are not alone . They are with Beha Mills , Mr Tuttle nd Lyd .
The problem is that h mthr strte to hear ny weird nois an her sn re not making te , so wo a resposile ?
Her so have a poblem which means tat tey ca n't lok at natural light , and n dy , Grace ot up bease r children ee shouting and ryig . So s et to eir bdroo n the curtains wr not here . So se wt to the ther room a t urtains lo were not there . So se starts getting more nd ore nervous . She goes and tlks to the srvant , a sh et very angry and she tells thm to gt out of her house nd they do t care so h pcks up a un ad the old lay retuns her kys .
Then any thngs happen , and then thy discover hat te servants were not te osts .
Of course I recomed this movie , because it is vry interesting and in om pts it is funny too , ad Nicle is te principal chaacer , so I lve it !
I do nt agee wi ha journalists do , becaue , to me , if I were a movie sta , a faous man who a one may perfomances , I oul not ie to be ursed by ouralists evey hou of the day .
In additio , everyone wants to have a moment of rivcy and because of journalist , apaazzi , they n not have a momn to relax , tutorn for hildren or dependent on wt lse ou ant to do , and u c not because of journalists .
And another reason why I am so right in wht I said in t lnes aove is that you feel as if u are in a gae tn people are lwas these peple n destry familes ecase ey delae fal inrigue sometimes .
Smetmes te aue te rit to be a journalist with a rts of qustion , wit no rsponse , or have a partial response to tese famous eple n say ha journalists have a stressful job fr some people .
And fnaly , I wuld ike to y s , I am aganst these peole , or they might til change thr style an everything would be OK !
My fance is 28 ear old .
He is youn a handsome .
He hs hrt , light - bron ha and dark es . He has a ight beard .
MTASSEM is a tall gy , abu 5 cm , d is weight is 71 kg nd he as a hit skin . He los goin to e bech and he les swimming . He wrs casul clothes , suh as shirts and jeans , wic are moty blue , gray and black . If yo see h , u nice how elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice d a lovely fianc . He lvs hi job as he is patient en doin his jo . he is a hard worker a he as an amazing luh .
We you sart tlkng ith him , yu wl be insied by his knowledge and is way of talking . He has the talent to ovince
.
He is an orderl an clean a .
He is h type of person yu ca n't forget easly .
My family r my es friends .
I have a fther , a mother and three siser .
My parnts e on patins . My eldes sister is 37 year ol . S is marid ad he h 2 children , Zyad and Yassn . r name is Eman .
My second oldest siter is 34 years old . S is single a she works as a customer service agn . Hr nam is Shymaa .
My ongest sister is 29 ear old . She is arrid an e a 2 children , Jana a Sah . r name is Asa .
Asmaa is th best friend to me in my famiy .
I alway fe hapy that Gd has grant me a good number of family membrs who aways care abot me .
Even hogh I always ought th doing ny tas wi family was pointless , after my marriage I understood e importance of a faml ho always ant to make me happy .
I ve a itte odler with hom I love to share my feelings . He aways gives me a ne h after I return from e office .
I feel proud to g h wit full of my emotions and I forget all the stress built up in office hur .
In th past , I d not are so much in respect of ving god amount of sck , I always enured abt aailability d lvd to get anything new for my swt home .
I do not know y tis kind of feing aroe , but whatver it is , I ejoy my days with famly members .
ello Pierre ,
I ould ik to tank you r helping me .
o sent me a lot of infomation , u he st importt was about te culture .
My teacher said that I have done a antatic proet .
I 'm ver happy .
Kisses ,
Maria
owdays , the number of endngered pecies has increased .
Aactivist of animals rights claim that h resn is keeig anmals in zoos .
Bt a lot of peple say that a o can rotct endangered speces frm illegal poachers .
So ht should we do about that roblem ?
To sum up , ere ae a ot of ceary trong arguments against keepi anias in zos .
In my opinion , eole shuld build so kind of wildlife pars . Ts solution ll all
pople to wth aials in their natural environment , and ms imporanly , will allow
animals to safely reprouc .
It 's a eall expesive olutio , but we must do that for
ou future genertion .
Noways , the nmber of endngered speies h increased .
Aactivist of anmals rghs claie at h reason is e keeping animals in zoo .
But l of peoples saying that , the zoo a protected endgeed spce against illeg poachers .
So ha shol we do with that problem ?
To sum up , there ar lot of cleary strong arguments for agnst keepng animals in o .
In my pinin peopl should bulid sm nd of wildlif pks . is soltio il llow
eope to watch animas in teir naturl envirnment , a most importantly , will allow
animls to safely reproduce .
It 's really xensive olluton , t we must do that r
our next gerations .
My twn is clled Assuit . The People er hae no knowledge of hw to dea with their rubish . peope throw thr rubbish everywhee . On he oher and , we ven't an kind of law that can lmit tha atin . I men rubbish hrowng .
So , if we still do n't do anything ew , our ontry wil still be unattractiv .
Hums prefer a luxurious life .
Public transport is a bi uncomfrtable .
Wit e comn of cr , popl s public tansort more rarely .
Everyone prefers to ave h / her own car , so the future of public trnport is vey dark .
This is an alarming issu at nees to be addrese as so as possible .
Because if eeryon es his / her car , polluto will icreas and that will eventully affect evey living being .
T " Casa varo restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a smll iy in h north of Portugal .
here we a eat mny tye of dihes , but h most popular ishes are " costl " and " bacalau na asa " .
Th rstarant won a Michelin sa in 21 .
h restaurant is ery well situated ith a big car ar and beautiful landsaping .
As you enter the pace , you re welcomed by a magnificent setting , a o of photograph of the restaurant 's sory an yo ha a wonderful view of e kihen where yo n see t chefs working , so ou a s th qualiy of the food .
h chefs take gret care in secting e best quality ingrediens and the servic is geat .
lints do n't hv to wai a long tim ntil the dish is redy . While ients ae waiig , they lways give them bread and wine .
The price of t food is xpesive , but nthig pys a good mea .
At e en of h me , ou have to sgn a book to recall in h utur .
Dear S SUMMER CMS ,
I am inteesed in working on yo sumer ap roram .
My name is Abel Ferreira ad I am 14 yars old .
I speak English and I really ike to work with ki n this is my dem job .
I am a uitable person for the j becaus I like to tak care of kds and I have h aiity to be mpathic with other people .
I hav go ablities , ch as , organizing activtis an heping the kids to keep their roos tidy .
I wil wait r you answer ,
bel Freira
The charts blow gie nformation about t os important rasos fo studying amon students of different age grou d the amount of support ey receied fro emplyers .
he irst chart is the reasons for studying according to age of student .
For arer has 80% ; under 26 years d suents selected it . Fr e ove 49 years olds , ly 20% of people selected it ; ut if you compare this with interest , it is totally differnt ; under 26 yeas ol have only 10% ; but ove 49 yea ol have 70% .
Hover , fr 40 - 49 years d it is th 40% r carr and interes .
The other chrt is abou ployer support . Under 26 years old is the hihest becuse it is almst 70% , e ecnd highest is ge 26 - 29 years ld ; it a 50% ; the lowrst is 35% and h e of the group is 30 - 39 eas old .
The bet laces for young pepe to visit in Sweden is Stockholm ci and a few mre places that can be exitng .
In Stokholm yu can do whatever you wn . There are laces or everyone to enjoy .
Y can viit e old city and ee od buildings and the casle , yu can e the beautiful vw from brides or the wate .
Yon peple migh like to tk a ak in king gaden , wee there are skra tree .
If you like night lfe , you n go to som bars and night lus tha are open tll morning .
But the ae wo plce ta I meant at te beginning . They re a big zoo caled Kolmorden and the bigges aquapark in Scandinavia , wich is cale usa .
Dear ha teacher ,
As a student at a local schoo , I ould lik to say that to cancelling th field trip
is n't god o stuents .
Frs of a , by gettig studet u of the classroom , studets tae a beak from the school routin .
Furtermore , goi on iel trps gives students a chace to t thng for themselves .
In addion , field trips are an important pat of ou chol activities .
Ths is wh I beive tat fil trps are good for kd .
om
pro in Kalithe .
Hi Adm ,
Nice to writ to Yu !
Unfortunately , I saw y last an day o .
Do you now I ame back rom Budpst ?
ou know I was ere on a trip .
As y can imagine , I isted a lot of monuments and cathedrls whic I old se and fnd out omethig e bout them .
As I discoeed , the river Danube is the loveles of ivrs .
It 's even t longest river I eer saw .
An y ?
Ho s ur tip ?
Was it as go as mine ?
Write to me but what yu were oing there .
Bes wishes , Jia
My name is Maria .
I am fo Spin .
I le in Tarazona , a small town near to Zragoza .
I have en an architect since 2003 .
When I s stdying , I lved in San Sebastian .
San Sebastian is a own na the s .
Wn I was eighteen yer old , I left hoe .
I ive in a hal of residence for two years .
After that , I ived in a fla .
My flatmate is my best fred toay .
She is Azucena , an nowadays , she lis in Toulus .
My husband ad me ofn go to Toulouse to vst Azucena .
If zucen d not iv here , we would not ko Toulouse .
I like Touluse ry ch .
It is an old city with r uidings .
Toulouse buildings are built it briks . ed brics .
Th ost impotant street in olouse is Bouevard hasse , nd it is ner to the rer .
he river in Toulouse is the aona .
Hello Aison ,
How a you doing ?
Susan ol me th yu need to kno a coupl of tigs before your vit to Spain .
We have cuoms , uch as siesta , Semana Sata n S Fermíne in Pamplona .
Spanish people love spending time wt ter family and friends .
We a sociable n wecomin people .
We usually eat home - made food .
It 's hat we cal the Mediteranean di .
It inludes vegetables , ea , fish and oliv oil .
In our daily life we wke up ery in th morning .
We take a shower , we hav rakfast and we go to ork .
Plse drop me a ne as soon as y ca .
st wishes .
Isabel
Pete looked at is watch n knew ha he had to do something immedatel .
At that moment , he knew h decision was gong to afect his whoe ie .
He touht abou h he cud sove his proem and finally he decided to break u .
When he was ecapig om he prison , he bumpd into an old frien caled hrlie .
Charlie s the oy man ht coul hel him escape .
hy do I enjoy my fvurite spo ?
So , I hik my favorite pot is goig wakng in e contrysde .
I ve it en th temperature is a lttle t ol , b not oo much .
I can relax when I wk alone nd her he sounds of h birds in the trees .
I live in a ittle village near a fost , so I can go alking hrouh it every day .
ere are so many animal d whn you ae qet , o can e a deer or a fox .
And soeties I tak my caea wth me , because I lo photography d there ae so ny great motis .
Rstaurant .
Thre 's nothing like eatg !
We all agree on that . Eating fod is o of the est momet in our day , it 's like t world tps for a few minutes in which you a ust enjoying your fod .
But there 's a difference etwee eain a god meal , an eating by te y .
In this opportunity I 'm going to al aou different co restaurans we could choose o gong ot at e ed of lases .
Michael dcied to oen the door nd go ck to her . He tought better t thing he did not wn to leave her again . He liked her . He knows himself an he want to know her . He s ep all h feelings hidn for a ong time .
What was e reason ?
he reason is , three day ago , he had ben working whn a gil at hs work sed him wheher he had a ilfriend and he id " I had one , ome on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then s just walked ay without aying anyhig .
It as strange to Michael .
He remembered tw years ago whe he a en working and he decided to return home eay . Whe he was on his way home , he sw his girlfriend with anoth guy . They were hugging .
He arrived he and he jut thuht n thought ll night . It a the send ie tat she had been unfaihfl . nce then , he h been alone .
his mornig , he had ot gone to wrk and he was sitting in a pub drinking beer , whe a ir came to im . He knew her , she was Aiail .
is girl wa an acquaintance of his .
Thy wr tling abu their lives d he remembered h he m her on the bus . Mbe she hd always bee the womn of his life . He looked at her eyes and sile he wanted to as r hther if it ws nt to late to stat to e to know her . ut he decid to leav the pub . He walked to t exit .
Finaly , Michael closd the dor n knew at ht omen he h ad a mistake .
I a a terrbl experience in this Chinse N ar , because Norovrus inected me ! At first , I had a high fever , ut I thought if I took some mdicne I oul be fine .
Therore , my condition tk a sharp tr for e worse .
I coud n't eat nything , even on e ea 's e an I was so tired tt I could n't play poker with my cousins .
Though erything was depressing , I stil ha a wonderul inter vacation wit my family . We et to Foroan Aboriginal lture Village(九族 ) to visit t loomig cherry blossom . ( I do n't kno it varety ~ is it rm Japa??XD ) The cherry blsom a ey bautiful but tere er so many people .
Wn we we to Sun Moo Lake by cal car , he nd was so strong ! I fel a lite nevous though th sceny ws amazing .
Al in all , I still ha a memorable vacaion .
Hi Luke ,
I tried at nw prgramme on the inernt fo English learners cald rite n Iprve from Cambridg English .
I lkd h way the page ell you your rogrss n ars your mistakes so yo ca fix them .
I oe to se yo oo .
Jorge .
We a approving an incentive aunt of Rs .
1000 per month for K rli n Rs .
1500 p onh for K iakumar r worki as an ting Territory In - charge .
We wi review ther performance in 6 months and , accdingly , il decide on y upward / donwar revision in teir salay .
he copany lso reserv its right to disconinue the incentive amount if tir perforance is not found to be as per the job descripton .
My living room is the bt rom in my house ecaue it is big , comfortable ad beautiful .
The are some images of my family on the wl .
Thre is a coffee table ade of woo wit a clear gla top .
Also , on the soas there e many colorful cushions .
ere is a bookcase nex to h ockin chair and he I hav free time I sit on it and rad a bok .
her re thee sfa around te coffee table and it is so cofotable .
When I wt to study f exams , I go to the ivig room and sit in fron of t TV .
In addition , tee is a small blackboard or my ittle broter becaue my mother ats my bother to learn rabic and English letters .
There is a sall ry rpet uner h coffee table ad it protects things from breakage .
For this reason , I spend mos of my time the .
On the othe and , te ecomic situation plays an important rol .
It is vr ommn ht h d economy of sme cuntries frcs their people to emigrate to another country .
When tis phenomenon occurs , mst of the migants ne to learn the e langug to apt to e new environment .
As a consqence , they orget their fst anguage .
Another importnt point is the necessity of aprova by some indigenous groups or eple that emirte om t counryide to e cty in rdr to e a etter lfestyl .
It is not a surprise that this sittion is something th is becoming more frequent ver y .
We a facing a crucial moment due to th extinction of most of t digenous anguags .
Publi trnsport wil be worse in th uture than travelling by car becas it is uncomfortable and lo .
In Spain many pople will travel in their own c or by car with thr colleagues or rends . This mode of tansport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
If yu travel th other people it is as expensive as pblc transport .
In my pinion , by shing a a we will aive at work on time n whn we fish work we can go directly he .
I thnk pubic transport is n't t future becase an pope today liv ousde the big citis in the suburb .
Th apartents in h cties are muh mo xpensive and people prefer to travel in their cr .
I tnk there is no fure or publi transport , because traelling by c is so mc me convenient .
But it 's better to travel by car pooling .
Peole wh need to go in h me direction meet ea ohe and s only one ca .
Thi is conveient in tems of the ost of traveling , becaus every cost is divde between te participats n it is an opportunty to et other people .
Hi Jo ,
My contr is a vry nterestin plac . We he a t of acint and mystical places .
u can tael to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khva and other istorica ities .
Our national foods e really dlcious .
I think o cod n't rk in my counr , because it 's illgl fo foreigers .
Da ick
Thanks for or letter .
I was very ld to read abou your ns .
You told me about your usual weekends an asked me to tell yu bou my weekends .
At the weekend I usually go to the city cnre th my friends too .
We et near a fat food estaurant and fte that we decide where to go .
In the ci centre we n go to other shopping cenrs ch as : " Passage " , Europe " , " Scorpon " . Ls weknd we visited Passage .
At this shoppig ceter I bought a new bl sir .
After that , we went to our favorite art - cafe .
We le it bcase the ce has a beautiful desig and tasty fd . Aft ht , we went for a wk on embankment .
It is al our plan .
Hope . Hope to hear fom y sn !
All te es ,
Lia
First of a , thank ou pofessor for teachig me in t meantime . The entire course eally beefted me , especialy at he firs meeing , about British English . I still dd not reall undrtand , it make me frustrated , bt radally , lte I found te beauty of the anuage in Brtis Englsh . I think it 's a because of e ual problem of American nlish , ad so I really apreciae that you cose simple txtbooks an it 's easy to learn , and u e ealy very creful an vr humoous . You 're always creful in ronuncition correcti for eac student , ad usi a variety of reading sils lets us immerse ourselves in readig .
I oe to listen to ritish English , but it 's reall hard to tudy , becuse we l earn Amercan glish in Tawan , so wen I ha the opportunity to in be conat with British nglish , it 's ul - of - tone cadence always fels prticularly charmig , and British culture exdes noble empeament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable legnce .
An h strengths and waknesse of both segmental nd suprasegmental , I thin it 's mab he earning habit . When I ear sentences , I use many varieties of ne and manner to say e entences gan . Therefore , I an easily nterpret illustrtions instructions e emotions an feelings .
Only possible in segetal pronunciation , he ocasional misd a fw nots , suc as -d , I did no notice ti becase when I deliberately stressed -d , I ond h tone an mood more likely to become vey weird . This is t biggest rblem I 've ncounterd in pronuncatin teachi .
I 'm o teachig Engish in my new school , but in he future , if ther is t chae , I will definiely gie it a try . espcialy in the curriulm laned some teaching tips , the biggest gi this course is to read picture books to read ad recod , becaue tha and English pofciency is not ust training , ut ill note tha stregthen thir pronunciation an intonation , and hen each tme per feedbck alo coplted th listening exercises .
If I have an oportunity to go back to teching ngish , I tik I will try thi skill to get my student to do the rerdings heard training , then make their English better a beter .
My vllage is in the orh of the rgon of the Extemdura .
The population of my illae is about sixen hndre people .
It is situated inland .
The first stop fr mos visitors is the church because the ocal popl clen and take ae of it .
Te ow hall put containers for trash in he sreets nd t workers fro the on hl clean te streets .
Besides tis , everyody ceans tir doors to keep them tidy .
What 's oe , all e eople , onc a year , ant trees al ve the village so that it is ore beautiful .
To begin wt , nowadays more and more peopl prefer travelling by car ather han by bus or tin .
Crtainly , it is oe omfortable to tave in our wn transport wh yu family or your friends . ou a stop nd have a rest werever you want .
Yu can chnge yur plans and chose anoer roue .
To differentiate between ld computers and ompuers today , we would first have to describe each tpe of machine .
I start by dscribing the o computers wch we w in the vieo , wich we a fe siml machin ( at te time thy were created ) and they lled an enormus roo .
On top of tht , these machines onl worked when you wre an order to he comptr .
These were xperimenta modls .
Viually , h colors on the creen wre lak and green .
Currety , in the 21st enury , compuers have had a vy long technolg advance which rang from the software a the size of the inenal memy ( bige than old computers ) , th sz of the computer ( whic is varied , t smaller tha te computers of the pat ) ad their hape , e weight of he ( they e more lightweight ) and variation in the colors of the screen ( visully ) .
Finally , I ca say that wt the assge of ime we change the way we e th world , evolution comes into ly , not oly of technology , bu ao of society , religion , etc . ,
ssential in the lf of people , bt sow wl be factr hat humans will t be able to mdfy and it is better to let them continue as they ae .
Sometes famous eople want to be alone without any journalis .
In my opinion , being aloe means that yu hae somehing to tnk bout , for example , to tink aout u dds .
Journalists follow you nd they do n't allo you to ie like nrmal pepl .
To tell o th truth , I like being alon very often .
To be on my own an watch ohr people lie .
I always wear a mask , I can be myself nl with my los relaties d friends .
In te ed , I an to tell yu ha we a nt robots . veryne derves what they wt .
My opinion is the opposite of the one expressed in this composition title .
I do n't ave a cr .
Every ay I take pulic transport .
I live in a city , nd or many people like me , the most convenen transport is public transport .
With a car in the city , we have som problm .
Tre is hevy traffic and difficulty finding a parkng spae .
very day , the population spends a lo of time in traic conestin .
It 's a very oo wa to trave in t ciy .
One problem with cas is he hh price of uel .
I lke public ranspot d I love my plnet . I thk he best methd o reducing polltion
is to e public ransort .
But that 's on my personal onion .
our address :
Date : 17 January 201
er xxx .
Today I will tal abot my ummer camp job . People of all ae need to work in summ camps . My nme is Patrick . I am 13 years d .
I would le to wr in t sumer camp to do ercise . Every sp in th UA should do t summer camp jo . I am the right prsn to work tre because I 'm vr fit a I wold ov to work in te kitchn , because I am h right chef fr the summer camp job .
I wou be really very prou to work with you . Yu wl see my wondefu lnch d dessert . Please give me tis job .
A representative to carry ou an investigation so hat the on tas ce of the environment .
One thousan eople of ihteen years an ver re qestioed in my tow bot their ways of takng
care of the environment .
The investgaion eeals that youngsters re more tan ever poer to
sae h world from wast and pollution .
In this case , a reresentative put all times the published in the tri , the bus and the shool
announed the w hey ak care of the twn .
In addtion , the ivestigation an bring within comany in
town showing the wl power changing of th habit .
The is a svice representative hoe occupied e rubbis shred planning of day .
Acording to the enqry , a representave works with a cycling copan .
Thr are srvies which can clean n pick up t ubish eey day .
I 'm goin to wrte about my apartent .
It 's in AL - Slaymanyiah district .
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Stret .
It 's on the second for .
It ha three bedrooms , a it a two livn rooms .
Als , it has a spacious kitche .
In addition , it as a nie and three bahroos .
My apartent is ery beautiful .
It is dern and spacious .
It 's near the msqe .
Also , it is er Bandati Mnimarket and AL - afa Hospia .
About 50 eers to AL - Salam Mall .
It has some dsadvantages like , it asn't a private parkng lot .
Also , the street were it is hs a lot of tafic .
In addition to that , it hasn't gt a divr room .
Finaly , my apartment is very beautiul , and it has a t more advantages han s disadvantages .
It h a great lcation .
An Unforgettable Lesso
Tee are various kinds of different thigs that hapn in people 's ive , some y be normal nd nohing pcial , whle others y be so meningful and unforettble at yo wl remember them o a on time .
Have o vr had this in of experience ?
hn I was in elementary school , I tok part in a speaking contest , b I failed , an I was broken - hearted .
Becae I seldom practiced it .
Bt son I made up my ind , thinking that I could n't be so decadent forever . I waned some chane , hopg I wld be bette te xt ar .
So I practie it day and night .
No matter whehr it was sunny or rainy , wind or warm . And I also asked my acher f help .
ventualy , I was thr in the contest .
Through this time , I lrnt that wining n losing are not h mot significant thing .
The mot important ting is tt u can arn a valuable lesson from failur .
Practice ca make perfec .
nd neer give up .
Resolve/ detrmin / isistence
My country has wnessed a tremendous change in the at e yar .
10 years a , I wa a child , nd I culd sldom at mea for dinner .
Bu w , I feel comfortable wthou oo ery ay .
People 's health
Nowadays , young people 's alth is n't as go as , for example , wenty years ago .
ne reaon for the change may be due to the iestyle that peole have .
Currtly we usually do less xercis an befre , because we s ur ca to go evryhere .
Whereas our style of fo has changd a lot .
We do n't a at hom and it 's ery commo to at junk food ever eek .
On te othr han , chilren e us to etin only what te want , because in general , they do n't like egums , vegetables , frui , fish ...
Thy like eing junk food , hambrgrs , Freh fre a sweets a , what 's ore , they do n't do ny exercise .
A these tings oud be ver bad o thir halth in the future .
So it 's vr important to iv em a healthy upbinging .
To um up , it is very imprtant to be conscious of o fd affects our health .
That 's t reon why we ha to do more exrcise , eat es fat and mre vegetables , and teac our children to e etter and healtir tan they ae use to ding .
My opnion of self - eployent
I ner ve ated to be sl - emloyd .
My dad and my grandfather n their own business r mo than 20 years .
My othe always told me that my dad nver had ime fr her nd my siblng .
Whn I w born , my ad decided to qu i compan to get mo me for i fail .
Nowadays , the numbe of cr oners has been increing in my coutries , especially in developed conties , ue to th coneniece of travelling by ca .
Thus , some pole laim that he soil trend teds to redce h popularity of taveling by public transport .
As a result , his develpment is highly cotroversal in poitive and egtive way .
Toda , rivate vehicles hav beco the ride of people 's lives , which meas if a person is in tei private vehicle , they look as thugh they ha a higher status in societ .
So it ha become a fashion to use pivate vehicles , which creats a lot of problems . A big one is t trafi problem .....
Now he traffic prolem is the biggs problem . e only solution to this using te public transport system as much as possibe .
Bt nw uin pblic tanspot is see as something for people of lo status , so there is no fute for ubic tansport .
To tackle this problem , we ave to areully thn bout it .
Than you very ch .
Or fe keps changing ever dy a we notice a huge rane of changes in each decades .
The lifestye , tecnological equimen and h design of ars and houses keep changing annually .
We c acept tat our life wl be quite dfferent from o in fifty yer .
Chngig is a natual habit tt makes le mr enjoybe f us .
It brings happiness an beauty to us .
o example , we an knw the ye of a car mdel by the chans that are made to it , which mae you idiotif the small ew details in every moel .
Even te kind of ouse painting can be changed over time .
No it is more colorful n deigned in different ways thn it was in h pt .
We ca not so changing , but we can gie changes to provide special benefit which makes life eser and more comfortble .
Uing the chagng metod wold imrve t eucation system in many was , especialy for eple with obstrction .
It brins hop to their lives ad makes them taste lf in a a th ey h neer dreamed of .
In conclusion , the hnging of ou lfe ca help us to explor different benefits of hangig vey decade .
It service the educion a entertnment aspet of u lvs .
My town is very , er big wt a lot of peope .
Moe than 12 ilion people live in our town .
I ca n't y my town is the bs place in the wrl .
The ecological problm hav been very bad r e at few years .
Fst of l - te ai .
The enmous number of cs and the traffic jam cause pllution of the ai nd smog .
he ura authorities can n cang e situation cardinally .
But there is active construction of new rod , road juntons and imroving of ras .
We do n't separte our ubbish .
All rubbish is tke away witou separion .
ut peple a interested in it and thi year I saw announcements out days o receiving separate rubbish .
r lawns e also a problem .
veral years ago we ha wodeful lawns wit a lot of local pants and grass .
But he last time t stree - cleaners mow a the young grass .
N o lawns are diry and withou grass .
But I hope our town will be beer ith our help .
I ejo wathin tenni on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , beause where I live we do n't he ht kin of spt , so I cn ony watch on my TV .
u I hop one d to go to a tournament , trvel to Spin a wtch my favourite payer , who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
Th fit tme I atchd hm play eight years ago was the sa year that I started wtchin tennis .
I ke how e players mov aoud te court nd ow e audience applauds them every te they i a point . Although I 'm n on the cur , I n fl he feeing of the game . It 's really awese .
Once in a whil , I enjoy watching tenns when ther is a competition or tournament , besides watching an enjoying it , I can lso learn how rea h ae is , what s rules ere or what hapes when they yell at e mpie for no reason . You n learn all tes details and wait for a future y to put them io practice , or helping the players is oe of te things that I wt to make real .
My advice would be tha if yu want to play tennis , you hould just go ahead nd ply it , n wait ti others do it , cause you can do hat o .
At th beginning , it could be a lttle hard , but ta is the am with many other spors he you start , so just ep in mind that ou cold play tenn wi the mst talented paers from all or the old .
Tvelling by car is muh mre convenient .
In fact , I agree .
But , at about harin a ride ?
Riding a horse is an old - faioned way but stll interesting .
Public transportation is excellent ; yu sv money , tak care of the environment ad ae friends .
owadays , Easter is associated more th spig 's arrival tan with religious rituals .
People are more lely to tke cr of the gardeng or shoppg than participate in the celebration of Good Friday , hih makes the author onect aster with a paan sping fsival .
Flamengo is the st eam of Rio de Jneir .
Flamengo was champion in 209 . In 2009 Flameo ad a great te with good playes , but now it is strugglig to finih the competiton in the first 4 teams of t chmponship .
My mot is dry d has an awf metal taste , my head aches , it 's still spinning slihty ad here is a terible ringing in my es .
A of tse make me feel nuseos .
It ust be the aftereffect of whtever ths lwns in msks ave doe to me . I at to shut down al the noises around me , espcally those whispered shous coing rom ehnd .
My bst friend .
My est friend has alwas been lie a iter to me .
Our mums wnt to hig school together , alough they ever talkd a lo .
The first me I m er , se isulted me , bt I just did n't pay atteion to wat s had aid to me .
It wa in school , when we er ony three years o !
Depite tht , we tartd to talk more a me , ntil we were what we ae nowadays .
e always helps me with haever I need , nd h 's amazng .
She 's always happy d laghing , and never gets agr wh I get agitated !
he 's incredible ; she is like th sister I never had .
On the other and , h ha never been a talkative girl , so it 's uuall me who is always talking a lot .
ven so , o she is staring to tk more oten , and when we state hig school we made lots of new friends !
In e ftre , I 'd like to contiue bei wih hr , nd alking an having fun as we do togetr ow .
I could n't imagine a lie without her . h 's t best person I ever met .
My wn is located along the middle oat of etnam .
It is a relly beautiful place and ha a lot of attratons scenery , sch as h rea beaches bide rows of trees , h oviousy regularly wether ... Therefore , takig care of the environment her is a vitally important mission of my town 's tae .
hen receiving an alarm about th pollution of aer or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the athrities must repoible for this cue .
Thy ten notify all the tn 's citizes about pendng a fr ay on clearing all the rubbish on the ech and on th roads of the town .
Then , they wil gather ll the rubbish in one place and burn or ry it .
Finally , the overnmnt usually encourages on h aio , tlevision etc .
It means tha torsts an th people of the ow have a rucial duty to protect the beach , he rads etc .
On weekends , I usually wear lohes according to he wether .
If it is very cold outside , I pu a jacket on , t if it is very ho , I wear shorts , sandals , a lighweight vest d unglasses .
Somtime , when I hve to dress wel , I ear drssy stuff , sch as skirts , dresses , high hel and a sort of classy hirstyle .
When I stay at home , I ca er pyjamas all da long ( f xaple , when I 'm ick ) . Al , ther are days when I ant to go to te ech wit my amiy , and so I ut my bkii ad a summer des on .
Rig now , I am warin jns , bak flats , a gray shirt and a rple a urquise hoode .
Hi a ,
I am so gad to receive ou message .
In your message , u said tt o neeed to find a famous person in my country and needed soe sugestions from me .
I pe that I can ve o som help r your project .
I wul like to recommend a famous person wo 's nme is Mr. Chou .
Mr. Chou is a faous dctr in my country .
He started th hospital system in my coury .
Bs regards , a lk forward to your reply .
Bob
In modern ie , we re on transprt to et to work or tvel everywhere .
It is convenient to tael by private a everyone can ford it , so that everyne has a private car nowadys . Some people suggest private cs are goig to replace pulic transpt .
I ca n't agree wth this point of ve fr te easos below .
Firstly , t growing number of rivte cars causes a bg problem with taffic js . People spend exta time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
That wates people 's time ad makes people feel exhausted .
t to metio , it 's definitely hard to ejoy traveling on holidays .
Secondly , privte crs e the main easn for air polluton . We should conser the potction of the environment for he uture of humanity , t only ar about th convenince we a see for w .
On t ther hnd , public traspor sytes can reuce the numbr of pivae ars in h busy aras , f exaple , buse a trams .
People c ravel through t city easily an safe .
For instce , Melbourn , th second ciy in ustrali , where there are trams through the whole city area .
Therefor people do n't need to rive ars to trave in the city .
T last poin is that peple go for long joneys by public transport .
Public tansport brings raxing hoidays and efficient business trips o peop without bng weary after a long drive .
For the resos , it is unlikely there is no futue f pubc trasport .
On the contrary , we ned mor publc trnsport to impro ou traffic systm and find a better way to proct te environment .
Alisn ead the ote and it ai " I 'll be bck at 8 pm " .
It w 11 pm a e boyfriend as n't in their hose . She started getting confused a temerously .
Aer waiing for 20 minutes , she deided to cal the police ; they said " wait fr the morni , maybe he ent somewhre , we ca n't help you o " .
After that answer , se was n't sasfied , so she deied to start cling all he hospitals in he area .
it as 4 am and e hd no answer .
Alison felt dsperat . h ntced ha her usband 's car key wr in hr huse , so he w wking or smeone had pick im up . e piced up t phone and he clld all hi rop of friends . Nobody knew anything an o they were ared .
he ws terrified . Sh staed hinkin out the possibility of dat .
She gt into her car n lked for her husband l ov tir small ciy , Petonville . Afte half an hour , she saw him sleeping in a square .
George hd lost i mmory , and he could n't ce bc .
owaday , ty are iving a happy fe and every day Alion hs to make him emember tir life .
No uture for public tranport , it is on of roblem if that ac .
Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , trin but trai ore conform tn else . I always us the bs in e city .
If yu to travel om city to ci , public transort is ceape hn other modes of traport .
My fvorte sport is football .
I tin that this sport is very hpy .
ls , ou coul learn to be more friendl .
In my opinion , if you want to start to do th prt yo could write a te . Moreover , I tik that it is od becase it uld help you to loe weight .
The statement " pulc transport is or uture " a en an interesting polical dscussion for years .
On one hand , public transport is go because it does n't polute so mu and yo an move around the whol city .
Youg people use it a lot .
We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenge wee to use ther own private transport .
But in ft , you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lo of thigs or en you are in a hurry .
In cocusion , public transpot is ver gd and if it disappears it il be a b problem . It is tr that sometimes y need riate transport , but apat fro hat , pblic transport is used a lot by peopl of all ges .
Traportation is er importat in cities and vilaes as wel as in sub - lines .
May . Many people ae no vehicles , they only dpend on public trnspor for soe rasons .
Any Anyway , in some cases , a ar is ver useful to each the destination very fast .
Public transor proves all te information about routes they follw and give an idea to passenrs abot he pace .
Some Sometimes it ay be very xpnsive de te far .
I 'm a committed , esponsibl , and organized person .
I ie ew challenges to improve myself .
I tin tat I have enough eperienc o te o .
My sklls d accomplishments seak r me , becase I 'm qualified for this j , I have h requirements tht are requeted to apply to work hee .
If o choose me , I comitted with myself to coly wth verything , working in a imey mane , ecase that is w I am .
The most important thing r me is to ave me work experience and surpass my achievements that I gained lng ago .
I await yor esponse , Tank You .
First I would like to introduce myself . My name is oquín utiérrez a I wat to tell o h my favourite sport is football , wih is a sprt hat I ave practed ice I w ix yers ol .
I like ts sport very ch becaus it mus be playd with a group of peopl and is moe fun th oher sports wic you play alone with e otr oppoent , like tnnis .
I must confess that , he first tme , I did n't ike it very much , because I w a t shy and It tok a lot of effort to integrate ih t ther layers in h team . But th the passage of time , I liked it more d more .
Currently , I play in he first division of the club River Lte from Argentina .
I wou like to advis children ho re takig thi irs sep in this sport , that it is with perseverace n effort that you cn achieve great easures .
In the past , I did som exercise .
I hav wm in a swimming pl a I hae so ycld on my bicyle .
I ve rn pstairs so an tmes .
They 're healy acivitis .
I also went to he montains with my amily .
I a a lt of fruit last year .
I loved the ppls !
I always wt to schoo on fo .
But in smmer I we by r .
Lst ear I gave some of my ister 's dolls to a charity .
I visited me frens of my parents and I wrote soe letters to a fied .
ow , his year , I 'll do moe exercise . I'll go with my family to h beach and wi in t sea .
I 'll eat beter . I'll al mo . I'll do good things and seak more with my riend .
Have you ear about slam ?
Wt are your media sources or at ?
Cn you ask yourself why we are her on earth . To entertin or for what ?
Be hoet th yoursef .
irst , I wuld like to tell yu that I do not agree wih this statement . I could even sa that this opinn is the opposite of e prsen and future situation .
As f me , even if traellin by r is so uch more cnvenent , mot eople wil alays travel by train , railway , bus n other types of public transport .
In my piion , ople will travel by ublic transport or frequently , because hs ye of trnspot is less expnsiv , mr reliable n even more environmentally friendly than travelling by a .
On te oter hand , we ca a ht it is rally uncomfortal to tavel by public transport , u ca improve eve tis in the fture .
We c discover nw was of travelling , take me cre of our public ranspot and modernise it , so pole will be motivated to trvl on it .
My trust in future echnology is so enormous tat I hope there will be new environmentally frienly n caper ws to travel around ur wold .
If this happns , pople will be more soial nd empatic , not only about peope 's emotions , u also abut our environment , an they wil treasure it .
To bgi with , here r two ways of cuting own on polluion wich lad to global arming , ich has bcme a real threat to our lives day by d .
Firstly , star to use renewable enegy .
To illustrate this , when we s renewable nerg , we reduce emissions , so , our natal resorces wll be coserved for o future a o childre 's futu .
Fr example , by sing win energy or solar energy fo electricity generation , we will use less el , which is implicated in emissions .
Secondly , we shul improve our regultons that impose rules on eope to rduce the us of thng th cuse a lot of pollution suc as using big vehicles or bilding g facilities such as ig factois .
As a reult , ways to cut dn on pollution . Fo instance , when one peron uses a car for 6 people n many popl do the sam , ta causes a lt of pollution . Because of hat , we ed to impove our reglations to ae eope use small rs to cut down on pollution for a better futur .
All in ll , usin enwable eegy a improving our regulations are w ws to u down on pollution for a better futue .
Anther thing we c do for a better uure is avoidi r .
Because w destroys mnkind and countris .
Many wrs str ecause eople do n't know or respect other beliefs vry we . Ths , we ned to learn abut oth pole 's belefs if we are to lie with th .
For example , the fght betwen Muslims and inds in India or in e Lebanese cvi w .
Seondly , do ore cooperatn between coutries .
For xample , popl should cooperate in intervening to bri peace to the wor , to stop war in many areas like h United Nations is doing .
For exampl , e United Natins s aken h decision to ban mandatory weapons agains South Africa because of raial persecution policy . In brief , knowing each other and more coperaion between countries are to ways to avoid war or a better fuur .
F tt we need to improve our regulatons to make people e small cars to u dn on polution fr a better future .
Al in al , sin renewable enrgy ad improvin r regultions are two was to ct down on pollution for a etter future .
My mos terrifying dy was January 23rd last yr .
It was a normal Thursday .
I s at schoo : while I was listeng to the nglish esson I fet a severe headache .
fer ten minute , I askd the teache to call my parents so I culd go home .
At home , my dad n I ha luch , but my headache did n't stp .
At 2 p.m. my mu decided to go to the hosptal becaue I could n't undrstand anything and I ould n't talk .
At t hospital , t doctor ut me on a drip a fter om hou I fel btter .
I wo n't ever forget that day !
urently , a vey sgnificat rblem f ts soil and ecoomic pact is the cotic public trnsport in Lima .
To solv this probem , Lima hs ee making ln - tm strategies .
Lia is one of the cities with e east rd cture in the world .
We do ot rsect traffic ruls and drive only with he intention of going as fat as possible to our destination . Ths ote causes raffi accidents d congestion .
For this eason , pepe re becoming aware of te terrible robem and are larning n teching via culture to n generations .
In ddition , public institutions a promoing this and alo prate companies rete avrtising to increase awareness .
Lima is among the top ten cites tt have the messiest public transport in the worl .
Thi is due to the fact tht ia , in he beginning , did not ae a plan to design t public road nd highays , ad it hs ny been improvisin to build te without y criteria to transport s populato .
Currently , this iue is so imprtat hat goverents re investing and woking to crat slution , uc a ero .
I think we hav rely become are of te chaos of ubli transport an we av begun to design a implement strategies tht , in 20 years , il imprve ur relit .
I believe pblic transport wll he a fuure , because this transport is rlly necesary o pople .
In all cities of te word , people will ned public trnsport to get around h ity .
Peole think ta public transor is only the buses , bu public transport is e ues , the taxis , tras nd subay .
Maye travelling by car is so mu more convenient , but there e a ot of cars a those cars prouce a lot of fumes a he ntural wrld is dying . If we do nohing , e natual orld will disappear .
I wou like people to take public transport for traelling , so we will be ae to resce th countryside .
I usally tak ubic tranport to go to te niversity , because public transport is caper than a car .
I used to use my car evey a , but ittle by little , I started to take public tranpor so that I cul sv mony .
it espect to th internaionl dispute over the Diaoytai Islands , e Republic of Cin should cnsistetly xpres wilingness to esole e ssu in a eacefl mann in in wth e principles of the UN Charter an inernaional la .
To th end , it proposed t st ina S Peac Initative in 2013 , which called uo al parties concerned to take h stps outlined beo :
( 1 ) exerse restrint and rfrain from tang a antagonistic .
( 2 ) shelve controversies n se up dialogue .
( 3 ) observe itenational law nd resove disputes thrgh eaceful eas .
( 4 ) sek consensus on a Code of Cnduct in h East hia a .
( 5 ) establish a mechanm in collaorativel eploring d dvelopin resources in e Ea hina S .
One da , a litte Egytian b read a book about Umrh .
He read abou rites of pilgrimage and Kaba .
Ate he fiished te book , he wanted to go to th Kabaa n do rites of pilgrimage .
He lose his yes .
He imgine he could fly like a draon .
Lucly , he remembered he ad the dago costume and he woe it .
As he jumped dn the sairs , wings flappig across Cairo .
He fle to Sadi Arabi .
Eventualy , he saw the Kabaa .
As he t closer , he saw a lot of people aond th Kabaa .
They ank Zamzam ater a ore Umrah clothes .
They wr doing rie of pilgriage .
One there , a man , aise his hands and called to God .
It was amzng .
He ad nver seen anything so fanastic . But all too soon , it as ime to leave .
He jumped and fpped d wave goodbe .
It h been a fun day out , but unfortunately he had to be home in time fo bd .
Aftr he hd arrived at om , he fell aseep d he started to think of his next aventure ..........
hs new book as l abou aris .
My neighbourhoo is a ve pleasant ra , it is quite big n it is so green .
e popultin is estimated at around ten thousand peop .
My ighbourhood is srrounded by a large rge of mountains which have scei vew .
We he g a lrge shopping cente with soe local sop , you cn gt pnty of hing that you wa fro it .
One of h mt amazing hins that will tract you , is tht it ha a safari , pa which is the ost enjoyable thn . At the sae time , it introduces ou to wildlf ithut yur nding to go out of your ty .
ll the aenities that are necesary for your daily fe , uc as a fantati cool with pfect eachers nd a modern bilding can be found here .
ranportation is no an iue , because it ha t ny us anes and bus stops .
It is n quie and it is an active city in diferent ways .
If y ie active cities with enormous acivit , I think it is an ecelent place .
My fvurite spot is admnton nd I always get up early to play it every ay . I le it becus it is e best w to lose weight a improv or health ; better than meicne .
I thik pepl houl get exrcise by starting to pay som fvourite port instead of wathin TV or playing games .
The purpose of ti proposa is to proid details about shopping faciiies in my hometown , Vg Tau , and gv some reommendations for ourists .
+ Local shops :
Te have a long tradiion datn ck to the 18th century when Vngtau was a smll commercial port .
N oy are th well - known for their log tradition , t ey are also famus for the hospitality of te inhabitants living re , which attracts doestic n frein tourists who come her to see he famou sigh as el as shop for souvenirs .
They are located clse to the local art galley which taks about 15 intes to go to on foot .
They ofer a ie range of chics , from ouveir itms such as pictures d jwelery to local specialities , at a easonale pric to suit the interests of different pope .
You can bu them as a small present fo your family embrs or rends .
I assure yu ht tee should be ih - qalty nd varied products hee satisfyig your need .
+ Shopping ma
It is convenietly situated in the town centre , hch aks 5 inutes to wal to as th crow flies .
A lot of products , such as cosumer electrnic , foods , nd souvenir are sol er .
Compar with loal shops , prducts ' prices in the shopping al are considerably higher th those in loa shop , but it offers a wide variety of products .
I highly recommend loal shop to our tourists or their ceap pris n the hospitable manners of residents here .
Dea Mrs. eer an Mrs. Schnappauf ,
gd morning firstonc .
Now I 'll introduce myself .
My name is Yusu Hamid . I am 17 years ol nd I attend the stt seconday shoo in Scheßltz ,
To be more precise , I am in th graduatig class .
I ce frm Halstadt , in the close vicinity of Bmberg .
I hve 1 older sste n 1 younger brother .
My hobbis are meeting Friends and hangng ot ith them or playing asketbal in my are time .
I 'm easily excited and nrvous becuse this oral exmination il determine whether I can do my A -level at t college of urthr ducation in Bberg , which is hat I realy wan .
My favourite ort is socer .
It 's played by eevn playr who try to score a oa within ninet minutes .
her is a grass surfae , but it 's lo played on atificial grass .
I relly enjoy layig it becaue it 's very exciting because anthng coud happen .
I usually play it th my partners and my fieds , whic ake te gae vn more fun .
I ihly recommend anne to play soccer , becse i 'm sure that they ill ejoy it very much .
It 's als a complete sport becue people wl improve heir heat n fitness .
Te first thing I wt to ay is that peole s the car like a luxury object , no as a mode of transport .
People spen the firs salary on buying a car .
So , normaly , the use of a cr is for pasure .
Peole do n't u h five seats of the car to travel .
From the pnt of vi of the environment , hs is a bad idea , beaue it uses a lo of gas pe person .
Th cites are rowdd and thee is a lot of polltion fo noise and exhaust .
A e problem is in th small ton , because ty are not desined to accommodate a lt of cars .
I think ta e mi problm wh ulic transport is e communiaions beween villages and small tos , becus they only exiss between the i ciies .
Some countres ave a god communications etwor and peol us then ainy becaue publc transpot is cheaper than the car an quicker .
It is a problem of mentality . If we hd been born into a socity that used ubli transport , I thin that woul be btte n we wld s it nomall .
In my o wn , people do n't use pulic transport . Some oths o , the council set up a public ike servce nd , three nths ltr , they hd to cloe it .
It is a py .
How can you celebrate nw year in you country ?
My name is Asaneh . I 'm from IRAN . I cam to Lodn 4 onths ago d I an to talk abot the Iranian celebration of nw year .
We hae 3 special ys during te celebation of u e year .
They are clled :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Noouz
3- sizdehbear
chahrshanbeh soori :
It means Tuesday nigt of week n akes pce on the last Tuesday night of the ye . On ts nigt , people make a bonfire and up over the ires a say to the fire : I iv yo my sign of sickess ( yellow color ) and o give me yu healt sig ( red color ) nd at so special ods .
Norouz :
It eas new a of h new year and taks place on 21 Mach ( frst day of spring ) hs d is very important or us becuse we cea ur ouss ad buy ew clothes jus or e yr . h major thins on Norouz da is at sin tae and including the sen items hch start with letters " s " .
We gather arnd t table on this day and wi fr the spring in he last moets of the yea .
Wh the new ya starts , we hug and kiss , wishing each otr happy ne ar n presents are exchanged .
Duing te olday , eple go to e eir family , friends and rlaives for a ye of sho visit .
Sizdehbedar :
It ean tirteent day of spring . On thi d , peopl go on a icnc and spend the da ot of teir ome in nature because they believ th e nmber thirten brings d uc for tem .
Te television n entertain , nd lso ducte people .
There ar so an educational rograms , like Animl lane , n so an ohers .
Sometimes , me TV hos ar so grat tt they help ou in cerin lasses , for examp , Ania lnet an help o in biology . The History Chanel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , tlevisin can be as god as books , d ca als be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is omething fun , so you can ean n he fun at the se im .
Series can as help you to stdy . For me , it helped me a lot beause I love series d me q I watch hae held me in shol , such as Beaing d , which helped me in cheisty , and so many others .
Last year I aw a movie called ' ' Si by Side '' , and it talked a little abot life in anciet history , a by coincidence I as doing ths subje in school , so it helped me a ot .
In my inion , television c entertain and it c edcae people in different ways .
16 May 01
Dear ompan ,
I am writn in response to ou avertisment for SUMMER CAMPS .
I am very interested in the job , because I woud le to work for yu this smer .
I could trt wheneer ou lik .
I wored as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worke in aoher retaurat in Londn , but I wold like to loo fer children , because I have studed to be a teachr .
Also , I have worked in other summer cmp , which are unny Camp , Natur Camp , etc .
My CV is enclosed .
I beliee I am suitable for this o , because I njy working with children nd I now how to cok vy well .
Aso , for me , h salary is not a problem , becue my motivation is to learn .
I ok forard to hearing from you .
Your faithfully .
Juan Anoni
Everyone sys tht our lie are going to change in h futr but that is wat everyone says .
iht ?
In he future , I really wat my grandchilren to be happy . That is all I sk for . I ma be youg , b I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the net 50 years . I ea drming es no hurt .
I sk myself every day h can I suviv in hs ad world ?
I do not know ow to swer this uestion hoestl , bt I guess I will neer know .
I thn ht public transor has a great future ecaus thr are me popl who use it ever time .
However , I thnk it is ve expensive , but with a decrese in the cost , thre would be mr people .
Nowadas , having a a is very expensive because you have to pa for a t of things .
Public transport would ha more of a fure if it were better distributed .
Personall , I use public transpor more d I hardly ever use private transport .
ja Caiforia is bigger than Aguascaients or he beaches and ouris cities .
The transportation is ractical becuse nt l places are seac , u car , trucks and somemes boats more .
h tourist will never be ored n il ave a lot of time to visit t ciy .
Baja Californi 's weath is not as cold as Chihaha 's .
When you go to the beach you hae to cross a lare aenu to g there on oot .
I have a very irin a when I go ad go straight to bd .
The last few ays en I was in aa California I t very ltle tme or shopping nd going to the beach .
Dea Jo ,
How 's it gong ?
Well , I think you have coen he best da , because thee are
more lacs to vist in Ialy .
Fist , I believe yo shud tavel fr the noth of Italy to e sot , in
rder to e all the be plces that we hv , like Milan , Rome an
Lee .
Finig a j in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
eoomic system is in cris , so it 's ha en or Ialian , hnking for
foreign people .
Bu hat 's o l . Since you kow two languages , maybe you culd find
a sume jo in a trave aeny , bcaue they ne somene in
reception w an speak another angage apart from Italian .
I will find someone who nows t agec 's manar , nd you will
have sent me your CV fer the weekend , because he will suel wan it .
I 'm vey gld to hea om yo aai ,
ttoe .
Etore
I think the car is mre convenient tha ublc transpot .
In a c , you do n have a timetable to consider , yo 're fe to leave , to go home when ou want ... not s ill in nw , rain , cold .
n without getting stk in the cit because of delays by driver . On pubc transport tere is t possibility that you 're standing for the whole tri , there is alwa a ot of eope , it is cold in he winter and in the summer it 's to ot .
ips are longer on public rnsport thn by car ,
although I do not know if this oud always coos the achine .
By eading t history , we can now that oe sasters happened ery ye of Jaiwu .
d there is no excptin this year .
There ae bee sveral seriu natural or man - mad disasters this yr .
In Tain , a sious ai crash caue by bad weather happened first .
A terible explosin rsultng from arelssness followed .
A storm of fod probms broke o next .
Arod the worl , up to three ir rashs hih esulte ro beng hijacked or shot apened .
There wer al conflts beween wetern countries and ISIS .
In my opinion , all of us hould be careful with l the details when we deal th everything to prevent disster .
Additionally , all human beings should stop fighig an devote themselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
Last t o lat , we shuld do everythng according to or concience .
Hoe that t nxt ea will be etter .
Frakly , it seems that the town tht I have been living in a nt tae cae of the eviroment .
It is es to e whe we walk arud or when we go for a walk .
In gneal , we do n't cr bout anythg ; wer , recyclable thing , even our a conditioning .
This is such a chronic probe throuhot my country .
Hee in Brazil , it is ey difficu car aout it because it demands serious actin n sklls from u gvenment , which unortuately wo n't hppn so .
Athough Brazil a oe through sevra changes in the last 40 yars , the main one hasn't starte y , and I am talkng about education .
r government prefr to ee o ppulation wihout informton , ecuse it is asier to manipulate their mds .
A why am I talkig about it ? I am talking about it becuse t foundatin of environmetl protectio is o mindset . Js wih knowledge and information , we ll be al to manage actions to save , proct and improve the enironmet , nd instead we he th rrent result .
So , if we believe it is an importan suject to care about , we ed to ve fst and our fir ep shold be our electon process .
A house is made of wal an beas ; a home is built wih le an drams .
This aphrism is famos n true .
People try to build bi and luxurious hses b hey foot about the in thi .
It is warmth tha is neful for us .
We can ave a realy god house wher there is a lot of furitre , pace and ornaments .
We c chos xpensive thgs f th interor ,
but ese thns a not important if there is ot a comfortable atmosphere .
We have to invet our oe , dreams , patience , d as a result , we n creae the best oue ev .
Buling our house we mae the mt important place f us .
So we have to folo our dres d create a rm nd cosy lace .
In his report I am oing to talk about ow my ton takes car of te envirnmet .
irs at l , I asked the cncil about this gat problem which is polution an the way to ove it .
He is aware ht the increse in polltin is a ig proem d that measue must be taken to ry to sov it .
Tee is no easy wa , ut it is eessary to do it .
n te town , he tri to mae people aware of the situatin n hey take care of he environent .
On the other hand , the questo is whether th oluion cod be eogh or no .
The " green " organstions wn to beliee e problem is serious and tt radil political soltion are needd .
In my opinio , we hould be conscientious and sop it . If we do n't sto it , fer , it wil be to late .
Me n my amily .
I love my family , we ardl ever argue !
I do lots of actvities with them ..
F example : we go to the restaurant , we go to s my brother 's footbal mathes , we e or stay at home al together .
We omeimes give resents at parties , like birthday parties ...
Th bet resnt that I av eceived was ... I do n't remember !
Anter thing , in my home there re me rle : my brother and I tdy ou oom , we lea the bathroom afe we use it , we ca n't e on the sofa .. .
I alwas try to obey the rules , t I sometimes break em because I 'm lazy !
I do n't argue with onl one member of my famil .. I ometimes argue wit my brother about teevisin hannels , ut we make up immediately .
Wih my parents , I arge aout schol , how I use my mobile poe , how I spk to them ..
My last agumen with my family was yesterday .
I 'll tlk abou t Kngdo of Saudi Arabi , and Riyadh it in particular .
First , u should know aout the wathr . We have a very col winter and a ot summer copare with th ohr countries in the Mdde st .
If you wan a ciy th sea o should choose ay city in the wet or east of Saudi Aabi .
Ryad is the aital Ci . It 's in th center of h Kingdo of Saud Arabia .
A te stores and malls clse at midnight , as wll as fr the fve prayer breaks , because we ee to go to pray . Fr rk , yo need to knw wha e eld yu want to ork in , is so I a hp you to serch r a ood job mtcing you abilities .
After what I ae told o about my counry , I hope you ik it .
I will write about my village .
My villag h around 700 residens .
My village is betwe a river and a mountain .
It has a lot of eauiful thngs , lie an old church fm he 5t Cntry . Th chch is in ruins , u t ne churh is ao very beautiful a cmfortble .
My village has a wl of son . This wll as built by esdents of te village in 75 .
Another interesting plac in my village is the suare wih its spring .
Also , the e t supearket , r and returants .
o an yeas , peple have used ublc tanspor to go to work , to study , ad to trvel .
So , we s rains , buses n biks to get from place to place .
Lt us examine the adantages an disadvantages
I think tht pblic transport will have a future fo man rasons .
T c ould be broke .
A mn could hav some problems with his health .
For example , if mn had a brokn leg , it migh be hard to drive a car .
lo , fr some people , it cld be cheaer to travel by bus , especially for a tourist fro a foreign country .
Sometimes it is better to travel by bus ecause of horny road .
he bu is a democatic form of rnsport , which is use by studens , kis , adults , ih and or people .
hen you e travelling wh a big company , it is the bst decision to travel by bus .
This is because everyone has a plae on h b .
And it 's fun and xcting to travel with a group by s .
Nowadays , people have a stressful if , so we ca n't spd time aiting f public tansport .
We might thik that there is no futur for ublic transport , because mo peoe use their own car .
Using your w car , you cn take the decsion of hat timetable is more convenient an at route u ar going to ue .
It 's moe comfortable to go ywhere in your own a . Th probem is e polution that this li brings us , a also h parking roblem .
If everybody os in teir own a , ty ave to ar ad maye he place is full .
Also , traveing by a is so muh mo convenient becuse you do n't have to top in each tw , so using your own cr aves ime .
Nowads , peop re rlly worried abt their jbs due to t big financial risis in whh some people ve lt their jo nd others are working in rubbish jobs o little money .
Becaus of ll th , the qusion is too diffiult to anwer .
In my opinion , h ost mportnt is thing enjoying ur work because we spend an aerae of nine hours in the office or in whatever wr tht we do . As a result , if y do n't eel comfrtable , yur life could be ll .
Th truth is , that t deal would be that all peple could work in ter dram jobs and , of coure , make a ot of oney , li o xaple , Hollywood actors or footbl players . ut that is almost mposible .
In summary , fo me , it is eter to njoy yourself at wr evry dy , although you do nt have a bi slar .
The most important thig is to wke up eah y with a big smile n work rd .
Te Scrch Trials is on of t bs films and thrillers ht I hav eve ee . It is so exciting to see l e thing tat hey do to srvive in t otsie world wih al tos people ht are nfected wi a vis and the reason why they p thm in the glade for tem to be immune if some sick ersn bites tm .
e of t most amazing parts of t ilm is when Teresa calls Cru to go or tm and take them agan to th Crel buildng , and like ll of them , does n't want to go ith them . They start a war and te tae Mihno with them and at the end Thomas dcides to go aft them d he ves a great spec to al th people who go with them and ep im to t ak Miho . d wha I really want to see in he net film is whether homa is mad at Teea ( I never liked her ) and if they et re n t wod gs back to normal .
Ecotourism Baclar Quitaa Roo .
It is a beautiful place were people can go to hae an excelent tie and enjoy e forest and lagons .
There a cabs whe ou can have a gd ime in front of a bonfire nd eep in a beutifu ro ae of ecological materials .
On th tp you ca do many ctivities , lke clibig , imming , pddlig , rafing ad enjoying the place .
It is a beauiul place to go in your free te ad get to know it .
Hi , I am Marianne Wilesen .
I think I am the right peron fo hs j because I have a lt of motivatin an a good level of Eglis .
I wol ao ie to t this job because I ove t A and I oftn do babysiting , so the company of children de not frighen me .
I am a good cook .
When I was younger , I wen to summer cp in France . Consequently , I know which activiies I can propos to children .
I hope I have convinced o .
Best regars .
I love English ut here is an interesting uject I wa to study and it 's Mathematics .
This sbject is beauiful d incredible . li it ry much .
I an to do this cous every day if it 's possibl also now .
I wat your help .
a yo help me somehow ? Pleae . I want to study this subject .
Thank you vey much .
Anna knew tat it wa going to be a very special y r er .
The d bgan as ual nd ere ere no sgn of trouble , but wen s wke up a went downtirs she sa a do u the dog was an unusual color .
suall he do was a lu coo b at tht momen it was e
Recently , I saw Tarntin 's new film , Django Unchained , d I have to say ht I am looking forward to watcin the ext one .
He tok wn eery isake he made his in ls films .
Firstly , Djang Unchained remids us of the hard lfe suffered by black pope in h ps troug a gra introduction wihout dialogues , hee black people ee unained wile te am bak to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched th an aazin soundtrac as identit Tarantino 's films .
Nowdays , in many countries , yong peole ae looking for doin sports to be it d ry actie n hee are mny sports to participate in .
On he ne ha , thr re some argumnts for sport , especiall volleyball .
he I play volleyball , I totally forget ll my prblems and fou on nothing bt vllyball ad the intensity of th gm . Thi is a game I like to play .
he ki of stress that pshes me to wo hardr in rder to ge go at what I love .
In addition to ths , it puse me to keep on trying so that I n ge everything right .
It 's all about wllpoer a the absolute dsie to get beter .
On the oter hand , there ar a ot of famous players of volleyball ho have d knee igment injuries .The most frequent cau of injury s landin rm a jmp in h attack zone .
In dition to this , injuries wee or frequent during games an during traing .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among ih - risk sports acordin to he requency nd gravity of our urgial indings . My advice r someone who is startin this sport is ta yo will be refrhed after yu pla his gam and it aks you do you work in a elaxed way .
I blive there are umrous possibiitis o pubic tranpor because crs and public ransprt play completely different roles in or society .
Firs of all , public transport probably mets t neds of eole who harly use or do n't s their ars to travel .
In Japan , wich a o of e largest population ovr 60 , man senior cizens prefer uing buses to cars .
In addition , a w generation is growng up and they do n't own their own cars because thee ae few opportunities to travel nd becae of the high cost of having a car of their n .
Second , public ransprt proids a quick d easy wy to vsit unmiliar places .
It is not necessary for us to kw in dvance ow to get to the destination whe we re usin publc transprt .
So it preves us from havin to pen maps to cnfirm very inle rute .
Lastly , we n use less resources by sing ubli transrt .
en it cms to or environment , te use of puli transport coul be a solutio for educng the emission of O2 .
For these resons , I see a bright futur or pblic transport .
It is byond doubt the taking cae of the envioment is regarded as a turning point in r lie .
It is upstrea ta irrigates our economic life , ad her is no doubt tt negligence h th abiliy to destroy man gd spects of ou lives , d r government is dng its st to put an end to negligence ,
b we also ust cooerte to save o tn . On the oe hand , we ms Presenation an awareness progra fo all peple ,
and we must t thw rubbsh in te street to ep the area clean , and we mst Maitain clean tres to keep the ae attractive . Thus , we can mprve e national income by atracting many peopl ro oher tows . And we must teach chldren tat cleanliness is necessary for heir health and at their chol te should tow ubbis in the waste bsket and anyne who thow it on e roud wil be puised . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our tow .
The atura enviroment is being esroyed . That is a problem people fus on equently .
May countrie bil ore and moe bilings . This affects pope 's quality of li .
Biding more large buildings c destoy people 's and animals ' livig nvironent a me animal may become extinct .
Governments ould take some measures to del with bulding mr buildings . We wil destroy he natural enviroent .
her is no utur fr pubi trnsport , beaue travelling by car is so muh more convenient .
I do o agree with this statement bcause in ig cties there e a l of cars . If all t people in a city use their ow car at h am time , tere wil be a hug traffic jam , so travellin by car is n't muh more convenient in ths situton .
her re mor problems in big cities . One of tm is parking . Thee re a lt of area in a ity wer it is very diffiut to par an you only av 2 options ; you can park in a private c park and py a o of mone or ou can aste your tim searching for a parkin space .
Good evnng ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to talk about my favourit spor .
Have y ev heard of ocky ?
hi is realy my favourite sport .
And I am fond of a Rusan team .
We are taking part in a championship thi ea .
It will take pce in Minsk .
We ar the best tea of all .
And I am glad to w a championship cu .
I am waiting fo the ina of ts game .
I want to give advice to cildren .
Do n't be afaid of hocky ! Yu r use to stting in front of a comput , but e bes hoic is to t up nd go to the hocke clu .
Helo !
I am Xy . I am 18 years old and I am a student .
I like to sing a I cn ply t guitar .
I am a voluneer an I ok as a babysittr . I a cook .
I am cheerful ad hrdorking .
I a pak Engls ry well .
I have experience of ths rk , becaus last year I wored at a cildre 's camp in Lodon .
I njoy fun with ildren .
I hink I ' m a perfect candidate for tis job .
Please contact me .
My email address is xxxxxxx .
I look forwad to hearing from you .
Yours faithfull ,
z
Hi Chis how are you ?
I am wa asking to me if y wan to go to a pary with me ?
What do u tin ?
Te pay is next week at Julia 's house , ad it is going to stat at 5:00 pm .
My aorite sot is wimming .
I stared swmming at nine yer ld .
I gt firt prize in a match .
As a esut , I thin that I he sme talent for swimming .
Snc then , I et my teacher at the po .
She tauht me a lot of things , and is h most important fgre in my life .
She is a doctor . She told me tat swimming uld let my body more better .
From hn on , I felt my isease decrease ad el relax .
onequently , I ned to swim oft .
First of l , swimming can hep ur healt .
The rsearh sows ta wimming can decrease disease .
Seod , sim can relax yousef .
When yo are in the water , ou il eel lax .
Third , sm can hlp ou ma more frind .
Yo can go to a swimmin club . Tha is a way to meet ople with intresting of same .
Yu ould t this sprt nw .
Running
I am fond of runing !
Many people thn runng is a waste of time or that it 's very ifficut , but I do n't agree .
Firstly , you will be stronger , endurig .
I started it hree kilomeers for one jog .
Now my average jog is 8 - 10 kilometers ad going on 40 - 50 minutes .
My best resut is 15 km , but I ues awhile .
condly , o il be healtier .
I have fewer colds .
en if I have a cold , I wil et u and will ru 4 - 5 km .
ftr that , on the next day , I fel etter .
ou years ago , I often h cld a ng recovry periods .
ow I hv more enrgy d bettr health to become happier .
Thirdy , you will be more confient .
I strte runing for years ago .
Case of my le was ht .
After ehabilitation , I contined to feel pain in my foo and I still limed .
I decided to put an d to ths ad , ne gorgeous morning , I started running !
As a rsult , I no t en can be hader an ca be se .
Ate these moents , you start doing things that many people hin impossile or even uelievable .
My recommendations o beginners .
1 ) Improve yoursel in a gadual way .
I advise starting ith e km .
2 ) Work systematiall .
o to three jo in a we is he norm fr beginners .
3 ) Grow up .
First wek one km , the second , ne km and 300 meters , et .
4 ) hink aout your inital physical condition .
Dear Mr Kate Ashby
I am wrtig to ply r a job in Mrs Cafe .
I found an ad for hi job on the Internet .
I wul lik to tat wrkin in or caf , ecause I am ry interested in coking and eveything conected wih it .
I have exprience of wokin in a cafe .
My advantage is that I am ve open a frienl .
My last o was working as a dear in a lot of shops .
I think I am good at dealg with peple , patcularly in he fo sector .
I have traved a lot , ecuse this is my hby . I have leard abu a l of food in mn countries .
I am sd to working a ull - ie o .
I am prepared for lon workin ous . Tat 's no problem for me , ecause I am young and I lk wking an spenig time ith eople .
I ook forward to ew challenges d ask .
I belive I would be an ideal candidte o hs posiio .
I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
I am looking orwar to earing om o as soon as it is ossible .
I hp for a poitve response .
Patrycja Vigh
Dear Peter ,
w ar you ?
Do you he a plas o next Sunday ?
We wt to go r a picnic to he pr near my house at 12:00 . My husband inved ou to ta .
Do you fancy coming ?
If you a comng , let me knw if o like meat ?
se y so
Katy
Is Physical Educatn necessary in schools ?
irst of all , It is true that not all peopl lie doing sports because they ae hard wo and a t stressful o .
We can ao say hat thre ae ohr ore importan subjects han Phyical Educatio , le Boogy or History .
However , hysical Eduation is necessry ecause it make pople es lay .
Despte the fct at sprts r hard work , doctors e alay aying that orts improve our helth .
Schools hve hysical Educaion to each this goo habit rm our childhood .
In conclusion , Physica Education is neesary in schools because sport improve our helh d mak us eel od and heathy .
I would ik to make a eservaton for xt month , fro 4t ma to 8h ( 4 nights , oubl ro ) bt I have uestions about your bookin polcy .
I man , fter readin th erms an deposit policy , I understand I ust y o the first ngh at the ti of boking a t st of the stay should be paid upon arriv at the front dsk .
lus , if I ncel the reservation 48 hs bfore arrival I wl be charged 5% of he full stay .
I understand this part , but if I ave to cncel the reservation , how houd I do it ?
By pon , by mail or on ou websit .
To begin ith I would lik to say that doig a spor is very important to keep us slim and halty .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising o a long tm , ice I was a i .
I like swimming bease it is a sprt ht makes me work my whol ody n it is also a rall complee sport .
Nowadays , it is relly importat to know h to swim becuse wn we a on hliday we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or eve in the a .
I ik oher sports such as football and volleyba , too .
I would give the advice tt this sport mkes people helthy , bt it also hels us to ae ew fiends because , while we are training , we av people in our tam w we can ta to ad make friends wth .
Otherwise , it is a spot where you do nt hav cotact wt your friends what elps not to mak injuries .
To concde , I tink ti is a really good sport to star with wen yu a a small chld to gn experience n , ea aer yea , become better .
No woner we s that sport is so importnt .
It keeps our bodies in good condiion .
ctually , there ar w kinds of spors .
The irst one is indiidual sports an in this kind you prctse your ae alone and yo a e only playe on your team .
he sond ki is team orts .
In this kind , you are on of a team and ll the team pl as ne person .
lthogh om people prefer individul gmes , I refr tem aes .
Because the each us e meaning of cooperation d leadership .
Team spor ar very important d they inlue a lo of knds .
My favourite tea ort is ootball .
I ply footbal every day wi my friens at a lu .
I fi fotbal interesting because it eaces us a lot of values su as cooperation ad ons .
I can alo have u wh my friends when I play it .
I think it is the most interesting spr .
Famous people definitely deserve to have a rivae lfe without urnalists follwng hm all the time .
I thi everyone should hav a private life .
In or world tere a many personalities , mor or les known , such a film sars , musicians an so on , b why ca n't they have normal lives ?
he also have families , the also see , have fiends , and ht 's omal . We c ook at them ke th are liens .
Honestly , if I wer in their hoe I cold n't stnd it .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , becue somne ll tae a photo of it , d I wo n't have peace .
Actually I have to admi , that fm stars , politicians a her famou people hae to ont on fame .
hy must know , peope il noie tm , walkng along the street .
They ca n't cmplain , because it 's the way of life ty hos .
In my opinion , everyone deserves cam .
Dear Sr ,
Wit rference to our advertiseent o e umme cp job in te urent , I am writing to yu to apy for it .
In he advertisement you state that you need a peson who has kils relevan to working with children .
I wod like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all knds of activities for hilden , fro canoeing to smming competitions . Also , I workd in a summer cm las year , where I coul pt all he hings hat I ad learnt into ratise a it s a ry pleast experience whih I wul ike to have again .
Beaue of ht , if you wat , I will send y a letter of recommendation from my boss at that camp .
In addton to that , I am wl organised in the kitchen d I ca cook a lot of different dises .
I oud be very grateful if you woul conside my application .
I look forward to heari frm you as soo as possil .
Yors faithfuy .
Hi Paul ,
it 's reat to ear from you .
veryting 's OK .
The conet was just flubrgasted .
What a pity , that you were n't hre .
If I had known about e thing befr I wol hae invited all my mates .
It really was amazing . I think , it as a breakthrough in my perction of music .
hat 's more , I did n't hav to pay for the icket , because it was olunteer work - cling he doo fer people tat came t of e onert hall .
The good hig bou it was t ac that th band ( actually I do n't even remember it name ) was layig wt so much passion , ht no o probably even thought abou leaig the place .
In a wod , doing nothing wa th bi advantge of this knd of work .
her wer man this ta just stuned me at one moment , when the nd started to play ...
First of al , Bakn music turnd out to be oe of the most irresistible kin I have evr hear .
In my opinion , muic like th shoul be payed mo ften on h adio and other ms media .
The b thing about it is that the ad is not popular , n not many people have eve heard of it .
h mass media do nt ant to introduce ti kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstram - pop uic .
Se you son !
ake care ,
Jim
Dear Sir ,
Wi reference to your advertisemen posted on th eb ( Careerst IT ) a w days a , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my applicaton for h following ostion : Gradat Project Engineer , wih is beng ffere at your cmpany .
I have nver worked as an enginer , bt I am experienced in electronics as a hobist since I was a chid . I have my o lab equipmen an I he esigned and assembled several circuits .
Please , fel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to oain reference fo me : ( 5wYU8kZ1S6@uovi.es hoe : 34 123 45 67 89 . He spaks English fluently ) .
I lie in Spai at the ment .
If y consider my appicatio , it wuld certainly be a great ob opportunity for me to gain exprience in th engineering fild an develop my professional career .
I am ot orried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to sh my skills .
I would agree to or or the minimum wage or working in pracie .
I hnesty thk I 'll be vr vauble to yo .
My ability to learn an wok , togehr with my enthusiasm , a core strengths that oud be of great help to your company .
My dgre is adapted to h Eurpan Higher Education an it 's val in th whol EU .
I hould like to ank o in advnce for granting me an appointment for an interview an lok forard to herin from you .
Yus faithfully ,
Many pople ll around the world love fotbal .
Football is sc a eauiful sport beuse it is really fn in a lot of ways .
ootbll is my favourite sport ad I thnk it wi aays be in my ife .
I love fotbal because there 's a lt of enjoment in it .
I play foobal fo Waitkere colge choo first eleven as a defder and I njy playing in that osition beuse it is asy r me to play .
I used to dream of playin for Brcelona bcause Brcelona h good players I ik . For emple , Lione Mesi .
Wee I was born the was n't any chane for me to practise football so I could become really oo like oher lyers .
But en though I wil neer ge a chance of payng for my drem eam , I sil enjoy playig football . I can play with pople wh are god and I sll have fun .
I advise oug kds to ran hard ad play footbll because it 's a o of fn .
If yu start playing ootbll at a young age , ou rely get better at football .
The ast hotel I went to as ne of my best hlidas .
" T heven " , hi was it name , a a ie small hotel nar the seasi in te soh of taly , near Paestum , to be recise .
When we arrived the in July last summer , te owners welomed us ith a magnficent baket of feh fruits in t room nd a variety of drinks in e fridge , all include in t rm 's fee .
Ever ro in the hotel has a balcn which verloks te sea , so eery morning , whn ou wake up , you hear he sound of th waes breaking on the beah .
Ding our sty , l e taf wr friendly ad alys available .
Ev hough all h mals were elcious and plntiful , you cul also rnk or ea peial sack while you we on the nny beach .
I wuld ecomend ths hotl to anyone because there u will completely elax a it will rally sm to you as if you were in heavn !
My Favouite Sot - Football .
There is prhap nothig more plesant tan when ur favourie sport is as althy as it is enjoabl .
I believe at ny people old agree wi me , as footal is e st popular prt in e wrld .
Since I w five , I have ejoed lying football with my friends in front of our blok of flats .
It all tated vy turally .
T ball was an oject which proided us wh lots of un while we kicke it nd d frendly matches .
As time went by , football reaine my favourite sport .
It sill gives me rat fu in th incredible comany of my riends and it kes me fit as wel .
The bes time for football is a sunny day after rcent rain wn he ground is nice and st d the air is fresh .
Football is a geat sport for eveyne , Men , women , children , adults , even edery people enjoy it .
As someone who has played this pot for es , my dvce to people starting this sport is : get e right equipment , find a friendly tm , n enjoy th game .
Soon ou il lso njo your improed conition and tter heath .
I definitely recommend ths spot to anyon o was to keep fit , hve fun with tei friends , and ive a hapy life .
Der Jo
o ave you been , my find ?
It has been a lg tm since I have seen ou , nd you always wanted to vist Tain , my beautiful country .
I heard aot your wantig to have a tip to Taiwan . I would lo to hp u if you came to Taie .
Taiwa 's clture is l about etig .
At any te of ay or nigh , we ca se people eating in all kids of eatng establishments ; from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
I wol hw you e restaurant which is my favorite choi .
We also could go hikin in te muntais or go swimmng at t beac , so ou wol have a god tme in my contry , Tiwan .
On the other ad , you anted to lok fo a jb . ybe you could he a par - tme job in a cram shool .
A o of childrn usually do n't kow how to study English , and ou could help them to et there .
If you are inteeste in my idea , I woul help o to find one imediately .
Your friend
Nick
om nd I ae been taining for a long time .
We knew we had a compettion ad tat it w a relly had ne .
Te oher eam was professional , they had won many competitions , they wee really good , but To nd I knew ta we could win .
Our competition was on Monday . We had one day lft .
We ma a scedue with ll o training da nd hours .
Anoth d was strtig , another day of training , our last on .
We had to make the st effort to reach the pit we wnted .
Winning . We knew it had a cost , b n ha we could achieve .
On ha last day of training , we started with a lght u .
om w really tired d it was eally weird bcaue it was n a hard r . I knew it wa because of erves .
Ate t r , we continued with our dail routne .
Afr three hurs of training , Tom an I ere extremely ehausted .
I tld Tom I waned to talk bout ur ahievemnts befoe we wen om .
om said he s really happy and proud of us .
He also taned me nd told me hat if it as n't or me he would n't even he thught abot playing tenis professioally .
It h ben a ver lng and trig day , bt Tom el he h acieed somehig really good .
Der Summer Camp ,
I am a university sdent .
I 'm 18 ear l and I 'm interestd in working in your umer ap .
Two months ago I worke in a kindergarten .
I kno ho to look ate kds . I ve have wo little sisters nd I te care of hem .
I ae experience wih kids .
I can also do dferent activities with kids , or xaple , singing , running aron h garden , planting trees , raing , laing instrment , etc .
At chol I learned how to cok different types of dses and desserts .
I can teach ids ecipe tht hey can ok .
I 'm h rih perso for the jb because I 'm rlable nd experienced .
Bst regrd
Karen
Sport is an important thing for l of us bcase it els us avod iease ad become healthe . My favurite ort is swiming , so practising ths knd of sport is the st ecause it helps me fe fresh d relaxed .
oeover , daily ercise is a ve good ide which elps us to oid becoming verwight a to ke ou body healther . So I alwas want to advise people to practise this spor or othe knids of orts to avoid diseases .
T moes .
Durng the as monts , we hav seen a huge nuber of ew movies isued by ma famous Europea an American filmmaker .
The two I have enjoyed the mt are " Th Wolf of Wall Street " and " T Scrt Life of alter Mitty " , or mo simply , " Walt Miy " .
The first one is basically based on e tu story of h in chracter , a fnanial boer , w is played by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he ecame ch by braing h ues nd speculating on e sock market .
I would define it as an action move .
Wlter Mitty , in conrat , eals wt the ficinal toy of the mai character , an arhiist , ose life is changed completely whn the company he works o is taken over by one of s cmetitors .
alte Mitt is played by the xcellent B Stiller , who hs no arrvd at the top of hs career as an acto .
Far from h moise ad reait of Te Wolf of al Street , Walter itt ofers the audience a delicious portryal of te main chaacter 's lie d advenures , thruh whih he will discover his tru self a will start a new ie .
Alhough presenting a more lively plot , he Wof of Stree is t able to kep e attention of h audiece like Walter Mity doe .
I ust say at The Secret Life of Waltr tty is a ell - cotructed movie that I strongly ecommend to anyne wo wnts to sped a get evnng watchin an entertaining movie .
Dea Sir or Madam ,
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writig this lete about e advertisement for a jb in h U Summr Camps .
I am 32 years old and even though I lv in Bazil I have fluent English .
In ordr to mpove my English skills and also have a chance to meet nw pople from l around t world , I have t very excied abo that position tha is availal .
I think that I can hlp you with seeal cms activities , becuse of my background in volunteer wr . I he experience t ol in the ktchen but also organising nd managing some yuth sports gas in my neighorhoo .
I ould ik to nw re information bot ow to proceed with aplyin and when hs j il commene .
I am looking forwrd to ering from you in a e days .
Yours fahfully
Rebeca Csa
It is undoubtely true ha in today 's modern world people ommte to wo mosly in thir prvate veicles .
It see mre convenient to tm to get aound on thei n rather ta be tied to public tranport .
It n be argued that pbli transpot systems have been losing their popularity in many ws .
Pople fe that they an e to her destinations on time if they driv their own a .
It is re in ma cases , as ublic moes of transpor ke buses , trains n tas , have their own pecific routes and stos .
is m cuse people to ge to tir paticular detnation ate .
Secondly , public transport sees to be getting more expesive day by day , which hs reduced t popularity .
Pele threfore fin car ore afforable o tm .
In moden society , cars have bece cheaper to bu , which in turn s heled people to av them .
Mreoer , many car nance companies hae ade it asy for eery individual to purchase a c .
In conclusion , I woud say that , due to recet progress in society , there as bn a cnsiderable increase in car ownership .
It can theefoe easily be predicted that tre ill be no oe for puli transprt in the future .
I think that when y want to becme famous becaus of something tt you do ( fo exmple , writing musical ) you hae to acpt what comes with it .
It 's te that sometimes paparazzi cross the line nd invade their private propeies , hih I find awful .
oever , thr are also those kinds of people that becom famous for ding nothing or just being rich , as is th ase with Paris Hlton .
Tat makes me wonder o realy deserves fame ad h do n't , but ame is not te same as beig remembere .
We c s that people ecome amous when they die , so , ornalists are instmental in creating a negative or positive opinion of tht person .
They e just eope , but n like u or me , or at least , I do n't have a fabulous Frari to comfort me when I 'm a .
" Nowady , oler pepl are disadvantaged because hey lack the abilit to use technology confidntly . " Do ou ree or disagree ?
e difficulty of learning something .
In r old , it 's impossible to live without using echnlogy .
So people ay that te word culd be better if it eurned to the past hee life s more imple .
B ts is an nachronism .
It 's ipossible to stp science .
The uestion is whther older people e disadvantged by ot using tecnoogy in a coident way .
One can n ignore ha it 's asie f yong eople to improve their knowledge than o older people .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn faster han elderly aduts .
There is no out : yug people s technology much more easily tha l peope .
By e way , in my opino , if someoe , for ample , xplains well and calmly he ue of nw technology to an old a or womn , in e ed , the peole re also in a position to use it .
New technogy onsits , for istace , in martpones , tablets , Ps .
Ther re some old people who are intereted in knowing o tehnoogy works , u others wo are o interste at ll .
For the latter , it 's not necessary to u technology , because they can cntinue to ve without ing it .
To conclude , if it 's rue tat n all eople use echology confdently , anyone ho is inerested cn be invlve in usig new technology even if the final results miht be lower than their expctatins .
Da Sir/ Mdam ( director of the film department )
I am wriing ti letter , bcaus last wek I red a notice in your STDEN FIM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller tat I lke and I can recomen to you .
Well , last Sndy , I en to the cinema and I sa THE TITAIC . Perhap e movie coun as the typil ory ere te rich gl falls in le wth t poor oy .
But t est of all for me was the sining of h ship , when it wet wn to t botm of the ocean .
The lm exlains to us o the eent happened in he am way hat it d in the early XIX centu .
Th diector wnted to make t sry as realistic as possible .
He explains he building of the sip , why it sk , ho it stod on he botm the of oce n w t eope helped ea ote .
I eally like h beginning of te movie , bcause we c see the shi hn it was real e , wih i chairs , tables and ohe furniture .
I think tht the lve story is iluded to explain the sinking btter .
I look oward to hering from yu .
As requested by a local tuist offe , this is a repot regarding shoppin aciliies in my tow an shops hat will apal to ourists wih different interests .
First of l , thr are many shopping malls in ifferet area of my town .
On of te which covers l nterests is Afi Palace Cotreni .
Is location is in te western part of Bchrest .
Regarding the ctua shopping mal , it h re thn 30 hop with a variety of thgs , fom ashionable clothes to delicious food d even squai books .
Morever , it is a source of entertainmet for all ages .
In fact ,
it has 2 diferent cnemas , one th Ia .
Another ar of Bucharest o shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
Called in a malicous wa , ter e 6 oors or jewelry , cloes , accessories , gadgets , oos etc .
On h top flo is the fod cout , closed air hch is by f too crowded n ll of smoke .
eig in the centre of Buchrst , o c go otsid , in the wntown area to consder isitng new cultural thngs ile shopping in bouques and relaxing on a terce with a cool lemond .
Mt of the time , lothes ae hanmade d original .
In addito to tat , cheap is th best wd to descrb the prices .
To sum up , it woul ee ta dwtown is a preferable place , th btter ale r mone .
Although using ou o a is beer f oving aound th cit , public transport has been sown to be a od otio o travelling lon distances at a o cost and , dpending on its qualty , so w budge .
There robably is n't a brigt fuue r publc transport if it does n't develop as it shoul in t wold we e living in oday . That is , if businesses cotinu with her current already ol - fashned busnss modl , f sure , they will lose customers , and so , enfits and weight in the transportation wod .
In concuion , ti nd of ranport wil he to imove if the copnies in charge wt ctiens to us their buse , trains d other pulic vehces in the futur .
Those improement should nclude lowring e price , reucing t tmes or offering ne destinations n or resources .
Working holidays abroad
troduction
The aim of this port is to shar th experince of different tudents ho worked aroad urig the summer .
In oder to do so , I conduted interview it 30 univerity students .
Pros
Evey snge one of thm said ht if you wrk abroad , you il improve or English a ot , since y will be hearing ad seakin it l ay .
In addition , ather advantage is that by working all sume you a en some oney or your personal expenes .
Cos
Hever , lmost every student confesse to having fl homesic despit the fact that they made a large number of friends the .
Anoth drawback is ha , unle yo ae raly motiate , it wil be dfficult fr you to adapt to a e it .
Conclusion
Evn if there a some disadvantags , most stdent agreed at ts is an amazing xpeience nt to be missed .
l in al , I suggest enouaging students to find a job abrod during the smer .
Thee r a e things whch I am vey keen d passionate about in the hole world .
One of these it 's surely my sport .
I have been dong wmming snce I was i years old . ow I am twnty one . Tis should leave you in no doubt aout how much I ce abou my obby .
This is not just a spo , t an extraordinary thing I do in my ordinary li , in everyday life .
When I am tire , stresse , depressed , rustratd , sick of passing fancies or fake friends , ther is jut oe thing that is able to make me ee better a snap o of it : this is , of course , swimig .
So , I let myself drop ino the water of the pool , and as son as I am compltely submerged , all the problems , sadess and heaviness of ie uddenly disappear , nd that 's te os mazing emotin I could ever y .
If I had to suggs a spot for children to do , I would recommend it , because hether it kes everyone be in she , it is halthy a guarantees an high level of wealt .
I adie prents to let cilden beg swimmin as on as hey ca , provie they e interested in it .
It is worth saying tat eah ne shuld olow their passions .
I 'll fnish by aying tht , even whn I ws yung , if my father had asked me if I would rther go to a swimming race or to a cany fr , I would urly have hsen the former .
I ind it diicult to hav a healthy wa of lif at te momet .
First of all , h environment is conaminated a these substances e to us by water , ar , food ... lo cltes .
We ca n't void eectromagnetic waves around us , en if we e livin in he country or fr from h factories .
If you an to live healthily , you must undersan it ad try to hoose bteen the few real ption you have .
The main advice woud be to have a balanced diet : a ot of frits a vegetabl , ew fats , to rink me ate , ec .
Tn , it is er importnt to exercie bcause your body and ou mid ned movement .
If you do not he enough te to exeise evry ay , you n mke lttl efforts : do no use the lift , ue the stairs or wal ver time you an .
But the most important thing for avng a healthy lf is to be calm , nt el sress .
Nowadays , we have hried lives but we must stp and live our lives o .
Your healh neds calm , friendsip , hppiness ... You mus keep in ontact wih your friens nd spn time wi yorself ( do n frget your obies and lar ew things ) ad your family .
I tink at would be h bet advice .
It is known that the Inteet makes things esier than er d can be used for everything .
Some people elieve th we ca n't ev ive without it .
n of th dvantges of the nternt is that we a met ew people around the wrld nd make rieds wihou talking face to face .
There are plenty of wbsites where you n serch fr people , meet tm and chat with people with the same intests .
I hav very good frnds thanks to he Internet .
Howeer , there is a l of malicious software aoun the Interne d o mut be careful .
You should n't do silly or illegal hngs , because you il be exposed to this mlicious sotware .
In addition , that software is ceated by aty eople that cete hee viruses to damage ote people 's computers .
In my opinion . I must express the facilities giv by t Internet .
It 's ll so ea and uefl . For example , yo can order a pizza to be dlvered to your home .
To sum up , I totally agree wit making friens thrugh he Internet .
d u knw hat our brai is exercised when o read boos ? You should read t opic that u prfr lke nes , sports , nvls , economics , halt , fitness , fd , cooking nd you a choose maerial that is easy and njoyabl to ra ike novels , magazines , newspapers , tehical books a ings like that .
W do I recommend it ?
When yu hav finished your studies and o ve otten a j here ere u do th ame activities every d , the ran de n't work hard and yo might have some problems like forgeing rds , ats , nforation ha you learnt a few yer o , beause your memory wo n't work in e same way .
I hnk ht your brain is like you by . They bth need exercse to be acive a the wa to t it is readng soehing .
I 'm sure if you rad or iten to an adio bk js 1 hour every dy , you will feel a change uickl . I now that adoping reading hbits is difficult , but if you stat to do it , y wo n't be able to et enugh of it and yo wil read f pleasure .
Finall , if o get t radig habit y ill organize yr ideas better a you ay ee mo negetic . If yu do n't believe me , just try it .
Der S or Madam
I wish to pply for t post of worker in an U summer cm tt was dvetised in te newpaper last Monday .
This job is of grea interest to me as it refcts my amtions in lfe and requires my educaton , skills an experience .
ith majors in lingustics ( to be more precise , the English and Chnese aguages ) , I have recently got a second degree in sychology .
It folls that , on he ne hand , I have etensie kowledge of how to be on goo terms with different eopl ad , on the other had , I hv a perfec commad of ngish .
Two years ago , I orkd as an interpreter and an organizer at t Wtrski World Championshis in osco .
In aditon , as I have be detemied to bild my care as a tachr since my childhod nd , moreover , I defiitely have a way wh cildren of any age , aftr graduation I gind eperince at university and in a local chool .
I have been teaching glish fo 5 years already an I would say that thi jb w made fo me .
In terms of my personality , I am vy hrdworking , nthusistic about a wide rage of activits , pen a frienly .
My opinion is rootd in my xperience , so I eall enjoy intecting with people , speially children , and to el u the truth , I like cooking and epeiencing new things in genera .
I fel these skills ould allow me to perorm effctvely in thi position .
My enclosed resume outlines my eprience in greter detai .
I would welcom t opportunity to meet wih you and look forward to hearing from o .
Yours faithfully ,
ar J.
Badminton fr every ag
It 's ft n it needs a lt of atletic skills .
A we an in the pat said oc , " If you an to be a go badminton plar you ned te nerves of a climbr , th strength of a sh pute , th condion of a marathon uner and the elegane and cleverness of a fenr . "
Bdminton is my favourite sport .
I feel happy aer every gme .
It 's exhausting a y have to mve fast to get every shuttlecock .
You av to be competitive !
You a pl it at ay age .
I started when I was seven ears old in my first cas .
My cac was very ni and mostly we played in teams .
I had a t of un at the summer spots cams and I made a lot of friends .
With e badminton cu in our city we traved to different ciie and conries .
If ou want to start playing bdminton , yo shold ook for a badmintn lb nearby an should sign up for a training class .
If you do n't kow what racket u huld by , y will get all the information at the club .
Mostly , th adminton ubs sell all kinds of aminton equipmnt for beginnr n profesonals . Do n't be la !
hen yu start plying , ou should practice at est tie a wek , better three times a week .
Invite your rieds from shool or work .
Practice together with peple of your e . It is a lot of fun d yo ill get bete soon .
I usually play tee tms a week and I d a tournament las weekend .
It was vr excitin , because thre were mny people fr al over te egon .
I lost a fe games , bt tt 's okay .
very ost ge giv me more motivation to practice ader a evry won gme makes me prou and happy abou all the hard wor ha I ave done in e las fw months .
In our badminton club we have a t of member ver he a of sity years od .
I hoe I can still play when I et to that age .
The port keeps you healthy and fit .
It has been a og tme since I watched a thrillr , but I do remember ha I watched Th Hunger Ges part 1 , nd I recommend all t Huner Gaes fim .
Thos fims are eally od . You ave a drama , a romance , and a thriller ; those films re very entertaining .
I think yo are going to lik te because you like tha kind of movie an ao , hey ae worth your while and you r n going to regret it .
Another thriller ta is elly od is h Cabin in the oods . That mvie is relly entertaining , nd scay .
If you like scar thrillers , hi moie is th e f u to watch , I do n't remember it ry well , but it is also myserious , so you wil like that one .
This place do n't appear in history books , bt it symbolises beter tha ohrs a chnge in ou country .
his buildig is siuaed in Barcelona , lhough it 's only a hrt walk from Gaudi 's magniient awork , it is n't as famous as tht .
When the Ciil r ended , he county wa completely destroyed and people ha nothing to eat .
Particularly in Barcelona , th trouble was th te could fish in th sea but tre was n't an appropriat place to kee the ish , so th could n't ea it oe or wo da later .
That situation ut have ben trrible o t population , t fortunately , there is lwas a possible solution .
A group of fihemen gan to ak arond the cit looking r a god place where ty old take teir fish .
Finally , they found an o destroyd pale d ty decided to bil ther their n " fish shoppig centre " .
Neighbours lped them to uild he buildng and , aftr a f onths , th egn to use it .
This is a great exampl of how th Spanis popuatin culd go on with thei lives workin tgethe without the governmet 's elp .
Nwaays , the buldin has become a luxury mall wth t most expensie brand clothes .
Howeer , t structure has en kept so tt isitos a enjoy this popular arcitectural jwel .
As the story contnued , pepe kp thinking that ish were olluted .
he homeless m noticed it to , although he d n't cr bause he would lways obtain fe foo .
As alwys after having fs r dinner , he had a strange dra .
He ramt it was hs te to go fishing ; he went so r that he w a kind of batle bteen sharks and whales .
He loked dn n noticed that tere was a city of mrine lif a he batte was n't realy a battle , it s a revolution , where t fis were the citizens .
Thi men some fs we damaged hanks to the revoluin , wih also meant that , while they were reproducing , t genes of the baby wer chnged .
nd the nw fish will n be e sam conventional ih , ey ill taste different or siml change sha .
If here wr a revolution in h city , obviously the fish would try to esape .
he fi wer going to te beach here th peol fished .
hat was hs entire drem . He w ow scared to find o if that s rl or o .
But it was o illogical to be rue ; the god thing was that he a n't e ne tha uld go ad fish , whch woud be h lader .
After a fw ay of stayi awake and only eang fish , ty continud having the same allergic reaction to h fish thanks to teir nutition .
The homeles mn ad anothr dream where there wa a est around h forst that a contminaing all ypes of fo .
Tey would notice quickly becaus he fish wul smell orse than it alreay did .
When he wk up from i ream , he ind of having a skeptic attitue , but he s dmnishing it .
After walking r man days , h ' srvivos ' wr worrie , an thining about ho much they wold stl ee to walk to find a ciy . Al hey were hinking tha mae they wer goin forwad one day and backwards th ne day .
Whc meant te we in the same lae , ad th was he eson why they woul always watch he sea ...
Nowadays , it is more ad more popular to take a ea off between scho and university .
In ct , it is an important decision .
ou tar livng on ou own , mae your on decisions and la your future .
It has many advantages n disavantags as ll .
On the one and , here are a large number of teenagers who ave no ia about their uture .
Th do n't kw which uniersty n fld of stu to cooe .
During a a year , you have th hance to nsider all the issus connected with our utre .
o hav enough tie to r to use yur abilities and at the same te discover your own calling .
Besides , thr are a grat numer of people h graduate school but do n't av enogh money to cntinue thei education .
The year off gives tm opportunities to t a ob .
In the beginnig , it wul be a sple jo d without high was , but y would et ome experience .
What 's more , u can use this time to travel an relax .
ou can get to ko other countries and new individuals .
On te othr hand , I ca lso see negative aspects of taking a year o .
u start your studies later compard wih you friends .
It wold be or difficult to tart your o life on your ow .
It is also a pint that if o do n't achieve wht you wante to durin the gap year , you r in the me plce as whe yo wre graduatin school .
To sum up , I tink tt ting a ar f is an iortant decison . You shou give it hought befor you inlly decide .
Dear Sir or Maam ,
I am writing to yu in orde to apl for he position of camp assistt in Sumer Fun L.
ast ear , I attended an art course , which taught me ow to ake intresting thing only usng my hand and my imagination .
I have a certiiate fo hh chieveent in e areas of painting and designn thins in ca .
In addition , I recently pase my First Aid Coure , wich is quite useful for me .
I am fond of children nd I like to be around thm , so it ll be a plesure r me to gt this j .
Among my ollagues and fries , I have a reputation fo being a mature , responsible a eas - going peso .
I gew up in a mily whose membrs speak Itaian and Spanish fluntly .
I believe that this will ve me te hane to consider my application and gt h j .
Yours faithfully ,
Nikolea Ozrova
Noadays , television is very important in our lives becuse tee e a ot of benefts d advataes to watching TV .
There are lots of interesting progras uitable for people of every age .
In my opini , TV is useful because we n ear man interestng things a also educe stres by watching TV .
We can chos entertainmnt prgrms whih r fl of fun .
Everyone can choos something sitble for them .
We can fid muc rogrms hch are wonderful or people who love listeing to musi and dancing .
Wen we wach and lien to musi we can learn foreign languages as ell .
Men usually choe orts programs , whic are real popular on t TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper way to wath eir favourite tm than pending money on an expnsiv cket .
Who does t ie wachng movi ?
Everydy loves athing ovies !
I ork at a a tatin .
oday I opened te gas ation at 9:30 in the moring .
I wet to h gas station late today becue I eft my es in the bathroom d I locked myself in the bathroo .
Someoe came n opened the bahroom and I got my keys ad wn to wor .
Toy I h a 2-or drivi lesn .
T drivng insuctor picked me up at th as station and from there we went to a parking lot ear AMC and ractised prallel parking and t k - urn .
After ha , I practied turn and driving on te road .
The instructor rpped me back at the g station a fr there I took a bus to Printon and from there I transferred to another bu to my hm .
Dear Sir or Madam
I have sen your English corses on te ntrnet ad sudenl I hought tat 's wha I ed !
My am is Mike , I 'm 23 ars old and I want to lern or English because I love this language n because I ee it r my net job in the summer .
At e moment , I am livig in rmany , but if I old coe to yu English course , then I would find anothr plc to st . Tat 's no problem !
I want to a oe questions about he ouse .
How mu are the costs nd hw fte will we have te lesso ?
I hope it wil be every day becse I 'm looking forward to learing English !
I woud be grateful if you culd rely to my uestion as oo as yu c .
If you ave a questons , please do n't hesitate to contact me .
Thank yo very muh .
Best regards
Mike
Micheal is a clever , h u w decde to lok o ew opportunities outside of hi smll twn . fter the rgedy of sing hs father , he fl t need to move forwad with is lif d dicover i el neds . No oe in Micheal 's schol was able to undersan this weird , isolated uy , so he never accepte having new friendships out of his class , tht nds when the css ends . Thn there was hat girl . A bautifu popular blonde wo was in the cheer lader an every y 's dreams . O day , after a phyics xam , s just stumbled nto i ag and kocked his bks o of it . " Sory " , se sai , with a a exy ook ! ,
that lok occuped Mcheal 's md fo then on n led to him dropping s dream of being a creative engineer and abbrviated it all on his musces d girls oing that he miht be noticed by her . Arik , the gil who s uing anyone who culd make her ae a sep owads he sucess ad popularity . Michael flt tat he a pathetic n decevd when he saw er with the class 's new clever y . He cud n't understand th giving up oe 's dream is te rst decisin and will lead to faiure . Michael closed te dor and kew at tt moment he had ad a mistake .
We wld like to discuss with yo the duration of eah core unit .
To stu 1 nit pr we a difficult for us , because of trnslaton .
We were fac wih th ra poblem of lack of tme r transting , especaly close to the e wh our translators wked with ey large tets .
Wuld it be possile fr you to icrease the erid spent studying a topic ? r emple , 2 weeks or each uit ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes studying more effective and coforable fo us .
L me ow pleas .
We 're al aiting or information abot our fee , order of payments and other employment terms .
Yus Anna .
I have been playn teni sie I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do pyical exercie .
Yo a ply tens eite in a closed sac or otoors , so you can al play it if it is raining utside .
I do n't ike doing a sort in a clsed space , suc as ys . In fact , I alays do whatever I cn to lay tnis outdoors even if it 's not a beautiful dy .
As I sa befre , I sometms play tenis in order to elax .
Ea time I have a write test at schol , I play it the dy befe .
I fd it hes me a t because it takes my mind ff .
If yu ant to py this sport , y have to me a reay big effort ad try to practise as much as pssibe .
I reckon it 's qut an expensive sot , t if yu parents ive yu poct - money , yu will o av n problems .
So , deinitel , if y an to try this betiful experience , I sincerely recommnd it to yo .
.
- It 's so hr r me to ak up at 6 o'lck .
Every d I ae up in a vey bad mood .
I ty drinking a cp of strong coffee but it does n't hlp .
Why are you so cheeul in te mornings ?
- I thought tat it was your normal condition .
As for me , I 've got so rules .
- I 'm ust a lte riser .
That half of my day I am always sleepy and anry .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an erl riser .
Just folow the daily regmn .
And always do om morning exerciss .
- Can you hw me some of hm ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
But yu c sich on soe specal moing TV hos .
I will send you a lit of them .
The ae vry hpful .
- OK .
And wht about your breakfast ?
- I 'm abslutey sur that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
ut a gss of still ater and sme fruit .
I hik yu shoud consult a doctor abt it .
- ure . Thank you for our adie .
2 . -
elo , Jane , ca I talk to yu for a minute ?
- e , of coure .
at hppeed ?
Something wrong with o ?
- No , I just nt to know your opinion as an expert .
I 've gt ome problems with waking up in te mrnng .
- Just follow e daily egimen .
Tr not to et a very substantial mel in t eveing and in he oning .
- What about coffee ?
- Soe experts think that it is a ood thing .
But I hik you should rmove it from your dit .
- OK …
- And I forgot to ad tha y must do om monin exercies .
And in a wek you will e tt it 's o so hard to ak up .
- Thanks a lot r yo advice .
Ye , I beiev tt televiion entertains d ls ducates .
Watching qiz pograms is a min way to eucat onesel .
We et to know abt so many facts on a quiz show .
Wtching the hisory channel gvs us reat formation about the history of the erth .
Watching te atinal Geographic or Discovery channels tas us into a world of animals whr we get to s umerus wild animals d the characteristics , whi ar really interesting .
Watching the aily new on television enlightens us bou at 's happening round the wor .
eng aware of current afair is important in our life .
There are also many disadvantages to television .
There are penty of entertainment progra which ut wast our time wih no othr bnefits .
It 's ealy depresing to se kids bein engrossed in op oeras or some seless realit shows or cartoon .
Entertainments ar a must . Everyne huld te te ff fro their buy or ectic schule .
But it shld be at a oderate eve .
If everyone us television wise , it c do moe good than d .
To US SUMMER CAMPS dpartmnt of human rsouces ,
I am wriig hi letr in response to e jb advertisemnt or wrking in a umer cap in which I am uite interested .
I am currently sudying r a mrketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In eptember I will star my last yar of e cose , hch I hope to finish ext year .
although I am stll studying , I als work at weekends as a fooball refree in e povice of Málaga . I onsider yslf a person with a hig control when I work with big groups and lo a prso who les to ea group and with a good ability to work ndr pressure .
I am ued to workig with children who a der 12 yes od , because I usaly do kids ' matches whe I reere .
T id of orking in he kitchens raly excite me , because I wod like to provide my oking xperiece . I starte it as an obligation ecause my parents where away working , but eventually , I lik it , ad now I make all sors of dessert ad meas .
Finall , I want to thank you o your attention and I hope to have a resons soon .
Best regads ,
Dear May ,
Tans fr your letter .
I 'm looking forwad to your arrival !
I kw thi is going to be ou first viit to Rssia and it 's really get ! I 'll give you nformation about o ways of getting to my place without signficant exnses .
T first one is to atch an express bus fo he airot to he tro staton " Yuzhnaa " and the to change one bus for anoher e going to my twn , ere I can meet you at the u satin .
e second w is or onvenent d comfortabe .
I could pik yo up frm e arport by car .
That woud be splendid nd fun for bt of us because we could hve a od log ta ad p it a aé r a nck .
As for e eater , it 's quite nice at the ment , t I sugget bringing something warm just in as as he weaer is vy changeabe here .
Ca n't ait to see ou !
Lo of ov ,
vetlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I ae just received your etter and I 'm glad that o have found my film he ost interesting .
Thank you !
I 'm real lased as hre were about 200 competitors and , so , I would nver av thought I wou be he iner .
I 'd rather go to London and spend a day fimin with t fl dircto because I 'm going to take my brother wit me and he has never been tere .
I think he will be excited when I el h h nws .
I 'm really sorr , bt on My 5th I have an importnt exam at scol , so it wul be ipossble for me to meet he .
If the lm diecto was avilabl on ay 8h , it would be perfect !
Mr. ren , I 'm rely keen to kno who te professional film drector is .
ookng forwrd to your answer .
Be rgads
Antonio
The perfec hoel I would lve to ork in shold be ocate in my country .
Particularly , in th south of te cunry .
ine mn European tourists like to hav heir holidays on the beach enjoyin the sunshine d so disovering e historical remains ro t as , Antalya ( Turky ) is e best city to wrk in .
So I uld tak advantag of my foreign langag knowedge .
The otel should provide a variety of csines fro arond the old , so tha he clients n eat whtever they wsh .
There shud be both indoor and tdoor pools .
Fo disabed peopl , the should be expaded srvices to iv the easy mobiity .
o couples ho have babies , there should be babycare services .
Ther shud be a br which is open 24 hours .
he otl should hve an a - inlusive oncept , so before peopl go on holia , they a clculate thir costs .
In th cae of worker , I wold like to have accommoation gin by h company .
Al , fo shuld be provided by the company .
The most imporant aspect that the hotel shud have , is that it shod be open l year round , n nly in the summer .
So that I do n waste ll the money in the intr that I hav saved in te smmr .
Cyberschool have been ttempting to present their new roect clle cyberschool .
Cyberschool is wh stdents receve
lessns on their computers fm teir eacers .
Thi n way of teaching pupils a eceved a ixed response .
Firstly , bng at schools wi lo of oher chlren in a lass devlops your socil skll , but learning at hm makes yu lose contact wi other .
hen you do the lessons , ou hve nood to chat to abot thm .
Also , bing rgulaly on the computer is a way to damage you eyesight .
Electronic gadgets r d for u e .
Sm individuals mght even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
Le 's ee .... 6 and a quarter hour of school us an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... tht is 6 and hre qartrs hours on th oputer .
hat is more than a quarter of the time in a a !
It 'll be even more if th student pla games or do something els on he PC .
Next , here h been a sdde ri in obeity ecuse of tis w projet .
Travellig to school at east includes 1 kilometer of walking , wheras staying at hm dig or on your PC makes you less active and heahy .
Schools provide yo with healthy food whereas we 'll just eat anything we wat at hm .
Finaly , I personally disagree wi cyberschol .
It 's unhealthy d dagrous .
Cyberschol are n't intersted in ealth n safety issues !
Now tat hey we back home , Pauna found out ht e m was in ton , so by instinct she decde to go an vsi hr , as well her brother , who d ben avoing e because h tauted i by bin in love wt hi best fiend . They were n't togethe nymor , but that wa such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , tt begging hm w n't enough , so ging to the old hue as a srprse would at least gie her the cace to confront m istead of akig a fuss aout it . Despie this insignificant trick , she knew he om would be really happy to see r dauger .
he cald Jim and ol h where he was going , but Jimmy did n't answer , since he wa at wo , so sh left a voice mssge .
The cdition of public transport is getting wors day by da .
Ter are nly a limit number of overnent bus on the road and eir frequency is no good , so they gt overcrowded .
eope board ese buses t of mpulsion , as they av to ach eir ffce on te .
On te other hand , te metro serve is a good men of transrtation ; it ge under e rd , so yo do n't g traffic .
e waiing tim is minimal ; o e a train every 3 to 5 mntes .
The fare or a etr trn is almost qua to the oter means of transport .
The only aw of te metro servc is its unavailability in emote areas .
After a e klometers , o will fd a u stop , bt mer stations are built ol in mjr ara .
So , even if u ravel by mtro , y hve to take a bus or a to rah yu destiaton , unless it is located nr a metro statin .
People who re rich pefer to travel in their on cars as he can tae any route and drive as per their conenience .
On public trnsport , many eope do n't ge a seat and he to and thrughout the journey . It is vey xhausting , especialy on a long jurney .
While in a privat vehicle , yu can st comfrtbly nd ejy your jorne .
If we ak ot he cos actor , there is not a single rasn fr anyne to trvel on public tranport .
Many crmes sh as pickpocketing , v teasing , violence , etc tae ple on pblic transport .
It hs been an esy target or teorists to plat bob , so if you are trveling on a bs , yu accept e risk .
N everyone a affr a car , so public transpt will be her in h future as el , b feer people will use it .
Recent radate vs. experienced worker
Our company is a smal d bsed company which a worke in the sam field fo almos 50 years .
ne of our enios workers wll retre in a month ad therefore , as I 'm in hage of he Hmn Resores department , I have to start th seah r a ew employee .
Hirig a new employee is not an ea job .
It is a commonly eld view hat an expernced workr wl falitate the earh of .
However , I would like to reew another otion , such hiring a recent graduae from a enownd uniersit .
Any experienced worker oud ing a sense of cal , steadiness , wido , ommitmen an xperence , of course .
He would contribute his lie experience , and he would sk for beter workg conditions suc as sary , aily me , d ealth insurance .
However , a recent graduate will be en to acumulae knowledge and fearess of trying a different aproch .
In my pinion , recent graduates a ambitious , wiout prejudices , ad mos of hem are not family eople as e .
Their lives are foused on tir career .
In coclusion , I would say that a recent gradate would be a reat asset for our comny as they will accomplish ou trgts .
Nowadays , many youg pepl s more ad more socil neworks to speak to each ter .
However , it ca hve a ba effect on thei lies .
What disadvantags does it ae ?
Firsly , it is true ta they ae imilar relationships to those we had many years ago .
h nly diference is ha they use different resources to ep in ouch , suc as emails and mesges , instead of writin leter , wich too a ong time to arrie .
In act , it an elp them to sek ith ther frend more easily .
Thee is a tron argumnt or elievng ese resources cul harm their riting skls .
Wil it is true that soial newors help shy people to ae new riends , it is also true that yon people rite their mesags wth abbreviations .
fter oing is egulary , they tnd to have prolems at schoo because they art to rite ncorrectly .
Tre is anothr poblm whch relates to safet .
Generally , young people do n't hv any probles with posting their pesonal photos on the Internt .
They also publish their conversations on te inrnet .
ut when ty do ths , tey eose a t of details about thmselves , details that eryone can se , especially srangrs .
In concsion , I think that sial networks can constitute a g problem , especially f eopl who ae o ware of what dangers there are on he internet .
Dear An ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 're coming to visit me !
Now I will explain to yu how to reach my home rom he airpor .
After leaving the arpot , you hav to take the number 14 us n you have to get of at the trd us tp .
Next , y cn ae the bus which tkes you to Chiari .
In Chir you he to get off at the trai station .
u srel remember that place because , te last time u came , o told me hat it was he worst tran staion yu 've ever be to .
here you 'll fin me waiting fo you .
In M the weathe is sualy sun , but in the evening it could be cold ha ding the day .
If o do n't want to catch a cold , you ould bng a jacket and ome trousers .
e me know te exat de of ur arriva .
I loo forrd to eeig you to spen hi mnt togthr .
Be wihes ,
Ema
Da Maria ,
I am glad to hear at yu ar interested in visiting Brazil ex mmer .
I sugst that you visit a vllag in the south of Bahia caled " Taipus de oa " .
It is a little village where yu c experience a ifferent cutur , fid local hndicrfts , eat go food n enjo eautiful beaches .
It is a od pce to end ur holiay nd a perfet ple to rest .
Near " Taipus " , yo cld vsi " Baa Grande " , where y can ee th sset at " Ponta do Mutá " a e seaoo overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupies a very important re in etertainmnt . However , n of t problems that society ha faced since televiin became popular is that it is a distrtor in education .
It is believed there re way to mae TV able to help educate .
Thre r educational programs and hannels hch transmi od dcumentaries , ut mst people refer other types of proras , suc as cartoons , soa operas d soccer mtches .
In addition , my of t educational programs are t transmitted by broadcast teeviion and peole without cable systems hv no aces to thes .
So TV uld become a ueful tool in e ducational proce if oe ffrt was t into his , from th television programming to te preference of society .
It is argued that wether the goenment or eaches hae the rght to dterine what subjets huld be taught in schol .
In my opinin , althogh thr are some advantages if teachers are responsble fo hi ts , I believ that h gvernmen is more uitable to lead this mission .
her ar w ain adantags of eachers decidig wa subjects e taught in schools .
Firstly , eah tacher would be able to eah courses accorng to teir w epetise , whic woud lead to more advanced ad high - quality teaching .
econdy , teachers can select subjects that e more useful for local cture .
Hoeve , what tuents leaned might be based to certain aspects .
And it would be difficult to examin students ' ability on a nainal scale .
Moover , not a teachrs hae e abilit to design a hh - quality cous curriculum .
If h decision is mae by central authorities , the mos obviou advanta is that the asessment of studnts ' grades could be stadardized thoughot t whole country .
For xamle , a fair grade judgin syem is essential in a Jon College Entrane Examnatin .
Although sme dawbacks may exist whn this tsk is detemned by the central authorities , a committee compiing experts in different diiplines could minimiz ths drawback .
In conclusion , while there are advantags and disadvantages of bth central authorities n teahers leadg this task , I efer th gvernent to do so .
Nwaays , a lt of pepe s tht friends ae te amil that yu choose .
In my opinion , it 's ue , lthogh family is a ve imortant pa of yr lf d you av to take car of it .
On the n han , friends are like a family ecause u lve together a lot of experiences d dvntures .
The are esential to shr secrets or anything .
It is very important that you choose genie finds .
It is eter to be aln than in bad company .
On e other ad , fmly is vry mportant .
Not nly becase te hn takn at wrld but aso they always tell the truth .
Not us wa y want to hear .
Ty want better or o , and the il always be by you side .
In conclusion , so amily ad friends a ry ecessary in your life .
It is importa to take care every mome at his side .
If you feel love , share it ! Eery a may be th lat .
Both texts coribute diffrent approaches to the sic indsry .
Accordingly , the frt one conders wether e industry hs been affecte by file sharing , wheres the secnd aalyses te success of lve perormance in e present technological r .
The fist text assert tha file sharin benefts n arits and ofers iteners a ide choice of styles , espit h fact that it is blieed that file saring is detrimental to th music industy .
Additionaly , te writer suggests that it has so poenial which ca be used by he CD industry .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite th present high quality of rcrded music , an suggests ha the reasos or the uccess may be the communal exeience an its offer of different songs d perfoances that mk the live perfrmace an nforgetable experenc .
As a matter of fct , I agree 100% wih both texs .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , the usi industry should adap to new technologies d ew habits of users .
On t other hand , personlly spakig , I 've always been amazed by th attraction of concets or lrge audience . Theefre , in my oinio , e secod tex offs god reasons to explain th phenomeno .
Hi Peter !
I was realy pleased to recie ur eai .
I 'm very xcied about yur arrival in Santa ruz nx ek . I 'll ive o some advice about weome lace to isi .
T ether in Santa Cr is boiling this season , so u shuld bring ligt cohing .
he first place you could viit is FEXPOCRUZ . You wil be astounded by te rgeous girls an e fascinating buiess yu cn get there .
I rmember th u a fscnated by nture , so you could go to Guem to et delicious typical od . You will see an amazing ew and a o of kinds of tiny buttrfy , the are ount of variety .
Snt Cruz is gwing ery ea nd now it is the biggest cy in Bolivia and I ike livi here .
If y wat to go sightseeing downtown n ejoy the nigtlife , I know a fun plae where we can dance n rik a lo .
Yo il no regrt viitng Snta Cruz .
If you ne mor infomation about this city , le me know .
I 'm waiing for you ,
very bet wihs ,
Mirtha
My favourite sport
I thin my favourite sports are cycling and swimming in summer or spring and sing in nter .
Why tee orts ?
Becue I can cye and swim alost anytime , I migt say in every eson .
That 's e main reason I love hm .
When it 's cold , I always go to a covere swimming ol , n when the eaher is warm or ho and the sun is shining , I alwy go to a reervoir .
As o cycling in wintr , I wod n't do it ecause , in my oinion , it is quite dangerou .
The roads n be frozen .
And siing .
That 's one of he possibilies whih and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , istad of walking or snowoarding .
B I like it because I go to the mountns wi my frends evey year an we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for eh of us .
I think it hs more positives than negativs . I do somehin r myself because I 'm in te fresh air nd I do oe exercise for my bo .
And more , I hv an opportunity to me new people .
Maybe one of my best frieds in th futur .
On t ohe hand , I ight get a cold an a temperature or somehing like ta .
But I cn manage it .
asar de Cáere , Feeds Smiles .
Casa de Cácees is lcated in the nth of Cáeres . u a se a lo of amazing things in this sectacular vlage .
Walig arun the msterius treets an be a great experience . We a nd some realy ice peoe , including pilgrims crossing h village every day followin the hisori ath of the a de la Plat , wich is located in Casar .
Discover his beutiful to wi the ie snes :
Watchig the sunset etween t humble houses and four chaps , one in ac of e cardinal points , edicated to Satiago , San Brtolmé , Los Márire an La Soledad .
ou c smll and taste e gastronomic delihts that ae on ofer , suh as the stunin Torta del Caar with denomination of origin .
Finally , you are able to hear and feel the nature nd peace at o can fn in ths paradis .
oe to viit !
Mari Pz Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURIMO
Owning a ca certainly mae rips fatr n eaier .
Man drivers regard travellin by a as a future mens to tral whh helps peopl save a lot of tme .
However , ohes believe at publc transport is betr , due to t fact hat publ transport is enviromentally friendly .
To my id , thee is a promising utre fo ublic transpot .
It is a knw act that travelin by car is le green than by tavelling ublc transport .
In presnt - day socit , sustanabe development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
Using public rnsport eps save esources uch as ful n electricity .
If people inis on travelling by car , they a , in fc , producg greenhouse ases which a given out by their ca .
It is definitely not enviromntally friendly .
To preserve our envirnment , takig publc transport is a mst and a glbal trend in t future .
ll in al , publc transport should be an indispensab part of or fute plan , bcause we av to protect u eautifu environment . Travelling by cr , althugh much mor convenient , is neer a clever choice fr the bettermet of our ftre sciet because of serius environmental issues .
Public transport is still a vital par of society and should rmain as it is .
If eeryon started using a car fr traveling , ter would n't be enough ro fo everyone as there e sve billion people in t world , and even for e environent it is better to use cs as little as ossible .
On o of ta , ue consption ould be o ig as we ve imted availability of fuel rsourcs .
The gvenment and publc bodies houd strt hinking abut it , an to save sociey puic trasort is bes .
Certain ge gops wo n't be able to drie a car , so they definitey need puic ransport .
I can uderstnd the se of public transpt is decreasing nowadays , but there is still a future for it .
Eeryone should think about it because it is rell vital for society ; and especial the international bodies shol do something about it to mtvate people to use ubli ransport as much as pssible .
So , in summary , to save the enviroment , to make th roads accessible to eeyone , pblic transport should be sed and we shud l try to eucat pele bou the importance of plic transort .
icael w a 25-ya - ol man .
He was vry handsome and many irl wished him to becom thei boyfiend .
But he did n't wn any grs because he lvd only Jessica .
Jessica was 21 years ol .
S was his neigbur and they ha loved ach othr from he ty re yog .
They ived in a sal to in Massachusetts .
Bt one day s decided to ta off r Australia to visit some rlativs .
He asked Jsica to lt m go wt her , ut e d n't agree , becase bfore marrying h , she wanted to try to see if ther love cold hold o against everyhng , including dstnce .
So she pace her luggage nd se came to say goodbye to h .
He was very agy , so he said to her : " If y eav , do n't come back to me , ver . "
She as disappointed and tried to xlain her thinking to i , ut he d n't want to understand her reasons .
He was afraid of losing her a he did n't want to try to trust er nd thi love .
" If you thik so , go away , forever ! " told Michal .
Jssia did n't anwe , b she lookd at hi for the last time as she walked away .
Mical closed t door and kw at tat moent he ha made a mistake .
Shopping guie or tourists .
If I were a torit , I wul like to have a great shoping guide ith an enormous ariet of shop .
Ths wy , I culd coose th one wch I prefer .
Then , I would mae te nxt rcommendaion .
Souvenirs store .
When oebody ravels , hat pson wants eer to fore t place he as visited .
Thn it is vr iportat to go to this stor and choos an bect ht makes o remember the mos excitin ay of the trp , a gogeous monument u have sen , ...
Fashion store .
Usually , girls can nt spend many days without going shopping nd buying soe clotes .
These girls cud go to an outle which is near to the a gallery .
There , u a find all the tyle of cothes at o a imagine .
Threfore , you will be asessed poitly .
Sports store .
This so is loved by t most sprt peol in te wn .
If you r like em , it ill aise your eerows d to e hue ariet of sprts equpment you ill se .
Nvertheless , te sports stre is a little expensive .
To sum up , in this own you ca fin all sorts of shops .
Hower , thes three are te ost visid by tourists , so thy ill not disppont you .
Some peoe say tha there is no future for public transport .
They argu tha a rge numer of eople refr travelling in priat transport , because it is mre comfortable and conveniet .
But is it rue ?
Travelling by a can giv you a certain taus and make o feel more independt , besides the comft and conveniene .
Howeer , I beliee public transpt is sll very importat in r socie d h a briht future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other pubi transpor , such as te undground , help us to derese the emission of exhaust which causes pollution nd global warming .
Secondy , we all no that public transport is cheaper than private transport .
Ad la but t te least , ulic transprt is mch afr than private tranport , because it traports ay re people , and so , her is more aution .
Detoxification , a method peopl often se to ose weiht , hs not be provd by scine .
Pople tink that it is a commo and effective way , bt I believe , since the is no scietific evidenc , it huld not be bought to the weight - los procs .
In fact , se peoe just unestand one spect of this method , that is to say , they have appled e wron method .
Tak as an eamle of hi , that sm teenagers drink etx water instead of eating meals f tre or four days in order to lse wiht quickly .
Howeer , the metho ha brugh om unepected results due to eir wrong understanding .
In fat , some deaths hav been cased by bringing detoxifiation to th wegt - loss proes , bease they follo te maority without carfully considering .
Generally spaing , t meod hs ot been demonstrated to wok by scieists , so it is better to avid it in order nt to hae som unexpeced consequences .
Film stars and politicians re interesting to people because of their talens a special abilities .
Of curse , people nt to ko some facts about e personal lvs of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when jornalist ty to get into ter lives .
On the n hand , famous peole r to hde their lves from journlits .
In everday le , the internet has beome one of te mo impoant things ad it is becoming more a more nflential .
On te e hand , I would like to talk aut th fact tht , with he help of the internet , we can easily ty in ouch with an of our iends .
Ther e communit sit like Faceboo , hch av a built - in messnger .
This messenger can el us to chat with ou frinds ithot eeting hem .
On the thr ad , thoug , people can become anti - social , just beause of the lack of real face - to - fe meetings .
On the other han , with the internet , we n follow th ws and rrent afairs er quicy and we do no have to wat for the nw on the televiion , and we do not have to u newsppers .
It is oe time fficient ad , in my pinio , it is easier .
owever , hi news can be fase .
ast bu t least , th internet is for u .
Thee are a lt of funny websites ich ca put yu in a od mood .
In conlusion , th ntrnet has prs nd cons , u it c be ey usefl and fun to use .
Gnadentl is a very small villge consisting of almost ly e single drivabl road , which is not famous for s sz , though .
Wt is realy secial aot his litte village is the Christian brotherood who have been living ther mor than 1000 ars .
That is probably t ason wy th local condtions e still similar to e nes of e Middle As , par ro oe infrastructural improvements that made diseass lie plaque obsolete .
The few houses heselves re et aron a vr old Romanque church , which is bordred by a traditional farmyrd r aisin sheep an cows .
Nearby , fieds rowng vegetaes a be isite hich have never been altered by n oern achin ut only by te power of hand d cttle .
Gnadenthal is excetinally uitable f pple o wn to tae sme time f rom teir ard and stressful ily ife in oder to fid camnes nd to thin about themselves in a way of their caracter .
Sic there is no chance for ay distrctons becae of te missing digital infrastrucure , a guest will experience a four - a ist the same as a four - wee journey in e uual westen word .
hi enables him to get se to he traditional way of li of a mk .
In addition to th farm work , liing in a siety of ust in each othe is essential f these eole .
By conservin ti lae , th opportunty to gathr a rea munt of psycologica enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , Wat s up the ? .I'm going to recommend you to gve up prt . As I told yo to ay time , sport is bad for your health . It mes yo to be all day wh les or arm broken or something li that , d msi imroves an stimulates your bra and intelligence .
t also , I to u that if ou r very good at sprts , yu mgt get a gnt f yo stuies , which wi be worth it , so I do n't now . In my opinion , I wol continue with th music if ou a gd at it because it is better fo our brain , but also , sports can rea o n mae you disconnect , so if I were u , I wou think out it n compare which of them you like or or which akes y fel eter or rex mo or st aes you laugh or ha a od time .
Wel , tha is my opinion . I will ask sme frinds abou it ad I ll r to writ o another ltter in a few das to he ou re . Also , if yu have anoher problem , do n't fget to ask me r el , please . I ill help you with all you an .
Se u my Nga !
Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
Generally , it seems a odes sport or simple obb , but it permits me to me more d more pople along he urban streets who do jogging too .
Thn o reaise ht running is a way of lie , a healthy w of li .
So , I enjoy rning alone or wih friens , becuse this sport hs a l of possibilities , mre tha I thought when I tarte to r after finishing igh Schol .
At h beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycin n runing , even in a ct like Mard .
Therfore , we went o at night fter university classes n we prefered soft soil pas to avement .
Later , I had more roommates , colleagues and partners een who did his sot , which is aon the most fashionale ons at te ment .
Moreover , he races ae masse n asser an more a more popular .
u , or eginners , I would suggest a lo of paienc and persistence , nd practsing with company becaue runnn can be boing , tiring , dangerous even , bu if u have a tron spirit a willpower , ou 'll see how yo c redc you physial and mental weakneses .
Keeping up o 's fitness is an important hing for eeyone .
There ar many ids of spot and my favourite is Krate .
Karate is not just a sport .
It 's also a tachr in my life .
arat mke me strog nd ls me know how to face something I was scared of before .
I enjoy it and got achievability rom it .
Through the pratie of Karate , I really understand myself .
T practice of Kara helps me overome my difficult things on my learning joury .
If yo at to try it ,
Karate is ot a difficult sport .
It 's an eas and a healthy sport .
It is ust like playig a game .
Oen ur mind , do n't be chick , and yu 'll find different n about o !
Pulc Transport wi no Future
en though there have been mn efforts to ae people s hir cars lss , we ve to admit that thi battle is already os .
Since mot of thes pubc transport amniies have been remedil rther than somethng panned wh foeseeig future problems , they have onl een of limited elp d , therere , they have on woked f some ti .
is has resuld in only very needy popl using puic transpt , d the vast majority of peopl sil ue their pesoal automile , with inconveniences n safety eng the ecus .
Indeed , using public transport is n onl unsafe and uncmfortable , but also unhealthy .
n ca n't magine how many gem ( viruses nclded ) r on a an ail waitn for a skin to us in .
Just thinking of it mkes me crazy .
So , little by little , and as the econoic conditions of people improve , public ransprt ill eventually isappear .
Fis , I have to admit that I te l knds of sports , because I ko I 'm not god at tem .
In the pat , I rid to pl bsketbal , tennis , pig pong and so on , but h outcome mad me depresed ad less confident .
Howve , after I came to New Zaland , I und a special sport which os n't need a ablity ; hiking .
The biggest bnefit of hiking is ta you cn enjoy fantastic ves from t ummt of mountains .
Al , u a abl to choos a place to go depenig on w y feel .
Especaly in New Zelnd , the ae some beutiful ilands d you can t to them by ferry easily .
If you are intereted in hkin , yo sould u waterproof clothes , jst in case .
If you do so , you do n't have to be worrie about bad weather any me .
Do n't forget to ake some ate as well .
In some places , you will hav ifficulty finding it .
To conclude , hiking is one of the most enjoable sports , en or peole who do n't le sports , ike me .
Let 's str hiking as soon as poible , therwis o will mss the oportnity to see fabulous ceney .
Durin e ast decades , te number of cas used in i citis hs increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution nd eths associated th traffic accidents have also increased .
On a to reduce those ngative consequences is to fster te e of public transport .
However , there is a great debate about wether this is really a go olutio .
ublic transport is a ore efficient way of using enegy .
It mves more people per liter of ol usd a olutes a sall fraction of te amut it would hv if every passeger had traveled using ndividual as .
However , publc transport lacks oe advantages only foun wh usng ur wn ar .
Instead of taking your sea directly ho , you ne to go to a mor or ls distant place in order to take pulic transpor an wi o the time it is scheduled to rive .
This cton has to be repetd he you ge off of t bus or tain at the end of ur jurney .
One thing which we a be ure of is that e old is chaging bt pulic tranport eisted in the st and wil exit in h future .
Te irst oin which I would lke to mntio is cost .
You nee to spend a lot of money if you wt to bu a r , if yu wan to insurance it and u it .
ars ar n't cheap and if y think tat it is easir to mov from on lce to aothe when yo have a ar , you have go a pint , but there ar a o of considerations whch yo should occur lik gas , insrance or parking costs .
Morever , yo soud think aout comfort urin the trip .
Wh yu drive by the car , you av to foc on e road , you ee to thin about what ould appen , what h ohe drivers want to do and whih wa yo shoud choose .
Th could be frustrating , epcially when y have a long journey and u need to spend long hous driving .
inlly , the word onveniet ens something different fo everyone .
r on pron it oul be opin that you ae a car hic is pard alog or oad or on your riveway and at any tm o can go wherever u wa , fr the other , it would be a pleasre tt they col enjoy the trp without thnkin aout any car isse . They r faitll that tey could met som e peple a tak part in others ' lives .
I 'm in cas 4B at Liceo arwn in Rivoli .
Being ther has soe advantages nd disadvantages .
I can start by sying somethn about t dvatages : we re nt just classmates bt we a friends .
Many of us hang out together durig weekends and we have bcom a gro , ie me an my other three close fried , bu also my " best friend " .
We usually et tee tims a year all together to t a izz in the city center .
Aother advantage coul be th techer : they are qte stict someime , b they ke us study harder and that is not so eas to do wih teenagers .
But the most important n is at if o are too bored or tired you c loo ut ovr a gre vew of Turin or mountains from a classroom ' s window .
ut thee re me disadvantages , like stairs because we are on the seond floor . We would like to keep fit b we hae to e to mny stir to rah ou classroom an that 's so annoying sometimes .
We share th for with another school and it has a iferent timetable and te ll rings 10 mnutes before and it mas me cofued , ut I realy ke 4B ad I wold n't ange it .
Ae they te best invenon ? : Cars
At he art of te 2th century , almot nobody had a a .
Nowadays , almost everyone s a cr !
t is this a oo thng or a a ting ?
Cars ca be useful fr several reasons .
Firstly , th allow us to travl ft by road , msty to the eact place we want to go .
Futhermore , travelling by car is a ver cmfotable y of travelling .
For instance , we cn ue e ca 's rio to isten to me relaxing music , or lisen to the news while making our wy to the pla we wn to go to .
As you my be ncerned , cars are er usfu u the also hae se disadvnages .
Nowadays , pepe depend on em too uch .
ars ar used even when ot necesar .
In dditon , cs ave been nreasing the world 's carbon emissions and ht uses he ' Oon ayr ' to thin down .
Finally , f u cars to work , we ed to fil te with fue , which is expensive .
To sm up , cars have adanages but , on h other hand , they an also ceae proble .
In my opinio , car ae on of the est an most useful inventions .
Unforunately , we should be careful with e way we use th .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm reay hay to hear from u again .
o gave me fantastic ws saying you are coming nex ear !
Yu 've chosen the bes country for atnding university .
tay is well regared for its education .
Travelling could be a goo way to mprve your langge nd to t to know taly etter .
Yu houd definitely visit Rome a Floence !
The are both amazin because they re ull of hstry ; in the fis e you c stl s Roman monuments , whil Florence offers ts of Medieva churces .
aye you 'll choo to aten unversiy in one of thse cities !
taly offers lts of work oporunity duig summertime .
It is a tourist country , you coul wok as a waite in my ciy .
Tell me exactly wen o will arrie as soo as possible !
l he bet ,
Grazi
Adam was twelve yer d , a clver b in his school , lway got the o mrk an participated in most actvities , d kown to all e teachrs nd students .
He also plye in the schol football team and beat the state cu .
espite l these hings , Adam was lonely an a no frends in chool or in Abbywood Street in Queensland , where he lved in Australa , and dam a ry annoyed about th , and what mae it orse , was that a boy called Johnny had isuted him and Ada di n't want to have a fght with i .
To wks aer , dam began to make soe friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very go friens . hey used to cause trouble and did n't do eir homewrk on time . The boys ee Fernando and Louis . They were in thei seventh year in choo , ie Aam .
The ah teace in shool , Mr Micae , was a ve god teacher o took ae of children in school .
He realized Adam 's arks were getting lower an he wa invoved in om trouble in school and ben to investigate him .
In he final xa , Mr Michael augh Adam cheating nd infored e shool 's manger , wh suspended Adam ro al oher exams a forced him to repeat the year .
As a mater of ac , Mr Michael shld have provided ome avice for Adam en his marks got lower , b he d n't , n te consequences wre ery bad , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he hd made a mstake .
I lie in a big cy , te capital of Spai , so hre are different modes of transport .
I refer to us he train or t tube , because thy are punctual and because there e signs were u can see the time less .
Also , every three or fou nutes , you can gt on he tran .
hee are buss o , but I do t like em . Dependg on the o , there re traffic problems ad o have to ait a long time at a u stop .
I am from a small isand where ther is nly oe mode of tansport : e bus .
I am frm a smll town ad I have to wait n ur to go to te ity center .
It is awful if yo do t have private tranport .
I propose using fwer cars .
I knw this is nt easy , but ere is an ecological ad cheap od of transort : the bicycle .
o sho distances , it is a od y to do eercise and to voi polluting .
Of course , it is not a soltin for lon dstaces , bt step by stp , the taffi problems wl improve .
r almost the entire duration of " Now you e me " , I s confused .
t let me tell you tt I was confusd in te best a , not because it was rather wacky bt because happenen unexpected .
Thr 's no questo that hi film by director Loi Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking stry I have sen in recent years .
In ct , it was a box - office ht hen it was released nd he film went on to gross over 350 million .
The plot revlves aoud an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat an mouse , a team composed of the fo bst ilsionists .
They a called " Te Four orsemn " .
They carried out a seres of daring obberies against orrupt buiess lears ring their performncs , sharing ou the stolen oey wih their audences .
As far as the soyline is oncrned , I hv to y that the film is really fat - moving .
Regding the acting , taking ito account tha it is a big - dget ilm , there is nt much to s .
It is fairly well pled by acts , such as Jese Eisenberg and Morgan Feeman , ho pay hir rles erfectly , makig te im ight - hearte .
If I ave to tnd out any weakness I ould say that is a it predctale .
Let me explain it .
As it is a movie related to magic tics , when a seqenc is played n it seems simple and asiy undersandable , yo kn hat , in fct , it is t .
If y do n't le films tht make you think , tis film is nt f you .
On the othr ad , if you are looking for a il tht is exreely grpping and can keep yu essing , it 's defintey th righ choice o y .
We mst rduce exam stress f hg scol students .
Exa tress lead to ay d consequences o high scoo stuents .
hes consequences vary . Oe example uld be that students a t lower grades in thr exams , or ev fl them .
ey n also have cnstant mood chanes and hig levels of neousness , since they may have lost may hours of lep whilst sudyig for a cerain ea .
As a result , many igh school students my nt concntrate uring clases , or whist studying , since they hve an things gong throg their heads ( since they 've been studyng a lot ) .
ased on all th prolems lsed ( and ma me ) , we mu fnd solutons hat ll hep both students and teachers to deal with ex strs .
One of h solutions I would give is to hand ou study uides to the students .
This wl help them as a way to sty or rvise or h exm and redce their levels of trss .
The stud uide does n't necessarily need to be a long an omplx n ( since tse may cause them stress to ) ; they m be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and execise .
Anotr impl solution I think cold help is to tdy as wll as to revise cnten during sessios before a certain eam , to elp the stdents suy hils til having a lass .
h above are the best possible solutions I would address in rde to stop nce and o l he problem of stress thanks to exams , whih in most ases , as the preious paragraph explained , leads to many more prolms .
hen I w a child I se to spend thousands of hur playi football , aywhere I old .
I lwys drea of beming a great plyer , playing in a crowded tadim , eole apping their hads looking at what I did ih t all .
Whn I grew up , I realiz soer than atr , hat I would never be either a goo or a bd player , and hey said tht I was oe of the worst payer that ever lived .
Then I decided to study egineering and bcome o of th bs engineers ever .
Long after that , because I ad su a natural tlnt at enineerin , I began to write books and essays abut everthng relted to my ob .
Le is becong bige ad biger .
Today , y need more than you needed yeterday .
People are looking for a cmfortale , easy lif .
We r al lookig for tht withu great diffiult or effort d one way to achieve th goal is to study abroad .
Mny sdents oday like to study abroad to t a high standard of lvng , to t their lif job d experience a new way of life .
Stdyin abrad can enane employment pportunites .
Companies e looking o well - educated pple with od experiece to ire and studes re more likely to suit teir choes .
ith your cerificate , yu can eily fnd a job .
Uniersities are als a rich place for big opportunites to t there if u have stuied abroad .
You cn work at a uniersiy as a lecturer ad t a gh saary .
Studnts who go to study in anther county exrience variey of if .
Te meet n people n make friends with stdents ro diferent countries .
Tey try new food in compltely dfferent places .
They c expoe cties at wekends or during academic breaks .
They earn h to do everything by temselve and bome independent .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to g a great job as y ve igher educaton wih mh more experience .
Morover , yu can learn any things nd epand our knowlde , and hav frend fm different backgrounds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
w are you ?
Do y remeer our arrangement ?
By February we 'll ave finished r exams nd we 'll have mre re tie .
For that reao we 're going to pt our names ow at the gym and the simming po .
lso , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't he class n we will be ale to go running and cycng .
Besides , I 've a big surprise . Apart rm remembering our areement , my fthe is takng up hiking with h friends and he h nvited us to join hem .
Wt do you think ? We coud go on Suay monin .
Anwy , what abou having lun on Satudy and speaing abou it quietly ?
Answer me on
Best wishes
Juianee
Dear editor
I 'm writn in repose to t announcement in International ports Mnthly .
I would lke to say that my favourite sort is birdwatching .
I know that ths is someting trnge , ut I rely enjoy it .
To begi with , I have be interested in brdwatching from when I was young nd I wat to be a biologist when I grow up .
Birdwatching relly relaxes me ad brings me cser to nure .
Aso , I enjoy ben able to recognise t dfferen spcies of birs .
If soeone was to start birdwachin , I think he shud be interested in birdwatching irt .
This means that if he do n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
So , if soene real wnt to birdwatch , he shul frst know wa species of birds thre ae in the area wre he les .
hen he shuld u a air of binoculars or a telescope .
To um up , I bieve birdwatching is a really excitin sport but you mus li it to stat it .
Sports or hobbies could be geat tions as new acivitis to plan at my college . However , I eieve there a otrs wich cou be provided r us and it would be interesin to take art in .
Do n't you know what to ay in the peence of a ge audience ?
Ar you nervous wen you have to seak in publi ?
e nw activity which I have thoht could be organised and could have uccess is caled " Te Clu of discussion " .
It lets us mprov o litening and speakin skills .
In addition , it could be interesting , atough you do n't have to do phical activiy , eause yur abily to edit a peech , support an iea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
Wat 's mo , it does n't reuire a specific lace to ke place in , it oul be tried ayhere .
I think that t llure of this ctivty is hat you n meet a lot of peope and share wih them that expeence .
Mreovr , I think that it should bece a reality , because e fied of the activity is so broad and it oud be ueful in other plenty scoe , vn in your aily rotne .
In conclusion , making a speech contriutes to or ocil relatinships and it allows us to defie our personality .
I think that my clege should rovde an activity whic is focse on the ocial abilities and teaches u o you shld speak in front of a mutitue , and hy not cod be thi ?
Dear Lucky ,
Thanks f your latest letter .
I am ld to hear ta everytin is OK it you .
I am very grateful tha ou wl help me with searchig for some information about colleges in nglnd .
Acually , I am intereste in siece , especially the area between chemistry and physics .
Also , I 'm intrested in tition which refers to biology and te inflence of diffrent kns of chemical compounds on the human body .
Yo know that I learnt otechnology at school in Bulgaria .
Please , check fr me which olleges proid thes subjects and he hey sta .
I want to know if a gra is avaiable .
If so , what are h crtera f giving it .
Last , but not least , wa is t ee ? I want to find a college whch is t o expensive .
Thaks a o for your suport !
rite to me as oon as possible .
Bt whes ,
Niki
.
Customer satisfactio is much greater when the cstmer gets service wich has vae or qaity much grater tan expced .
If service only ets expcations d des not pvide anything more than them , tat means cusoer satisfaction is there , bt the custme wil ot feel eat .
If servie is ot eeting the expetatios of te customer or its quality is us below wa is expced , it causes customer dissatsaction .
hi will result in consequecs uch as ngative feedback .
In this context , it can be cocluded tt 78% of t respondents are saisfid wih both h ustomer service of builders ad te results of Vathu .
he rst of the respondens ave positive feedback .
T factors which hindr other respondents from giving vy positive feedback m be either dissatisfacton caused by custmer service or falre of Vashtu 's rsults ' failure to met their expectations .
I ik wtcing moves a t .
It is one of my fvurite ee ime activites .
I like al ins of movi . Comedies always mak me laugh an I ike tt .
lso , I rest from the routne while watchig them . I n rlax nd just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
nothr reason why I like comedies is that there is a wide varey of ti in if movie .
o ca chose what you wa to wtch .
Persnaly , I wat a cmdy movie almst every evening .
It makes my oo better and I fal asleep whl watching it .
I respond to t article " White House cls or ' genuine hice ' in Hon Kog elections after etiion attracts 200,000 signature " on SCMP .
I feel d and angry to kow that 20,000 og ng peole support ti webste .
Thy are hrt - ightd and it seems hat th re brin - wasd by raial democracy thinking .
Peole who igned h website ere colluding with foreign powe to sppress our own coury , China .
I think this is a traitor 's action .
They do t have sic loyalty to hei own country .
Using freig oers to threaten Chn is a kid of unwise a .
Hong Kongers , being Chinese , suld not inibit or own cutry , with ther counres .
In ct , Chna wll no be movd by this , and ti ill aggravate the ctradiction between Hon Kong , Chn and the US .
Chi has the owe ad freedo to decide the wy to settle the dispute .
Te US and other conties should ot disrupt it .
It is better not to interfere in internal political fairs when they do not kno lot bout China 's politica coditions .
h US is really a busybody .
As we ll ko , Occupying Central is illegal .
Te US is supporting this illal activity indirectly .
Te US alays eep " rule by aw " as their catchphrase , ut Occupying Central is disobeying Hn Kng lw .
So it is vey strange for the US to say " rule by a " when they support Occping Cental .
In ccupying Wall Stet , the US did ot sem to be much more eaceul than t Tiananmen Massacre .
Accorig to Wiki encycloedia , e BI cald the occupiers " terrorists " and deided to suppress the dispute as if dalin with a errrist atck .
So e US hs no qaification to crticize hin .
Apart from this , the pesidenial eletion in the US is fll of unfairness .
I do not know if ter is a fiter for presidential cndidate . I just now that te ballo a counte by states .
There e difeent numbr of residents in differen tate , but it use th stats to epreset the residents . I do not thnk the election is fair eough for te US to a for " ral democracy " fr Hg Kong .
Is t US really taret to e Hong Kong no a democracy aea ?
I thi not , but a demcracy " country " .
Aftr og Kon gets " real demoray " , te US will riv Hn Kong to be independent .
h US aways tarets dividing Chia into many sll , we countries , tn it can bra up e of its competitors .
And it ca even occup e broken Chi to gt interest in it .
Let us look at countries th the US introduced " democracy " to .
Ept , ra , Liya , Syri . Ther was caos instead of " democray " everyhere , and the next might be Hong Kon .
I am afraid that Ocupying Central ll lead to chaos similr to h Tunisan Revolution .
The signatre collection by the Whte Huse has n endd .
Cina has not tae any futher ctio .
I raly oe og Kgers ht signe the website wl tin again abu ht thy were doing and o harfl it is to China .
n I really think h US hold sop picking on China .
Learnng man ideas and knowing etailed acts are bo cnsdered crucial fr studnts ' eucation .
ome peple think tht knoin facts is easier and me practical .
Nevertheless , oter consider leaning ideas and concepts to be te est w to dal with my acdemic and rel - life problems .
l completely agree with te iea tat it is importan fr students to ean ideas d concepts rather tn lan facts .
I would like to eplin my rason .
rst , learning fact can hl students to olv n knd of prblem that they y ac .
Howeer , ieas nd concepts giv people a competitive ed he ealin with ohr smilar isses .
For ample , I do n't gras an idea that my teacher s explained in clss , but just emembr t cts .
When I do my homework , I fnd h problem is diffren ta in the case diussed in the class .
But , if I go ack to my textbook an try to realize idas and concepts ,
I wo out the problem eaily .
Frm ts experience , I earn tht I should no just remmer facts , t should tr my best to understand ideas d ocept .
Th , I n solve many kids of roblem simpy .
Secon , larning ideas d concts supports sef - education significantl .
onsequenty , o n reach high academic levels .
It is ey to nd u acts from eope around o .
However , leanig ideas and concepts needs more investigation d understanding ro many of h academi tetbooks .
owadys , thee is limited me or y teacher to cover all points on a certain ubject .
We tudents gasp the ea of any topc it wi be ey to understand al isues elaed to it deeply .
Fr istance , when I was in enior ea in hg school ,
I to pysics class .
Thr wre mases of material on a specific ssue , but I tried my bt to gsp i notion d that made me recognize n unmentioned points .
In umary , absorbing ideas n acts is th most effective straty .
N only do students ean mor in their studies , bu also it helps student understand many fat in our lives better thn y oter ay .
If you sk me , who the erson is who I admire the most ,
I would say you are tlking bout my father .
He is so brillint ; he speaks three lguages , pay several instruments , n most imporant of all , he is a man of remarkable principls .
When he as youne , he wrked fo the governent , u he had to quit beuse of the corruption .
He always wanted to ave h wn bsiness . He usd to sy , if yo work for somebo you a par of te problem , bt if you hire people to ork f u , you r par of te slution , so if u at to be successfu , be your own boss .
He has travelled a lot . He know Barcelona , London , aris , Stockholm , Miami nd so ma plces .
He taght me my bsic Eglih , to play tennis , to lay the guitr , to dae , to sing a I could go on .
So , if I cn end my das having ben a littl bit lke him , th work will be done and I will be able to say I he een a god ater , just ike him .
en I r to create in dream he home of th futu , e irt thig which I have in mnd is new technology . In my opiion , hos in e uture have to be different . Tis is onneced ih o society and development .
To begin wth , I consider that mn homes hih wl be reatd in h futue mus have robots .
A o of them .
They are designd to do l thin elated to hoework .
In genea , houses cld ave open pce , a lo of windows and ght everwhere .
And on of the ost important things o me , w homes should l in h sky .
In my opinion , insde they wll still ok e same , maybe wth mr technology concted wit new inventions .
On of he most impressive slutios will be swimming ools in h sky , ar area .
l in l , fture huses will look mr like arplanes , a es le normal hos .
ey wi be me comrtable and usul for our ommunity .
It as a sunny day and I was with my finds at the beach .
Becaue it was our fit day in h Algave , we decided to exloe a it moe of the are .
We pickd up o things and strted to al .
The firs hin to vis , according to the mp , w the Albufeira eter .
We foun ver cosy and traditional houss , t marke was vey pouar , with a lt of people walking rund , an the people re ery nie to us .
The nx plac was a restaurant near the beach .
Nar he restaurant , we sw a very stran hng .
We w a boy dawing my face , ut I never w hat y in ll my ife .
We decide to go to tlk wh him .
He started beig nvous when we askd whre he had seen hat gl .
He sai that girl that he w drawin was the most beautifu girl that he ever met in his ole life .
He explained hat he had se that girl on h eah .
We he saw me in rnt of h , he immdiaely iited me to dinner with im .
Becuse I had eve her beatiful wors like tht aou me , I aceted h invitato withou thinking .
When the nigh came , I went to h restauant that he invited me to go to .
I s wearing a shrt e ress and blc shoes .
e boy , Ren , was ering a shirt wih brwn trousers .
The dinner wa amazing .
Snc he , we hve been in touch d now we are datig . I tink this is extraornary .
Rbe is a very cute gu an I do no want to lose him , vr .
hn I was youner , I did n't lke any sport .
I tried swimmig , ad I found that so boring .
fter that , I signed up for Karate claes , bu I did n't like cmbat sport ke that .
ut o dy , my prts teacher gae me the opportunity to become a basketbal laye at nine years od .
Since tht ay , baketball has been my favouite ort .
The mai thing which makes me lv it is maybe th teamwor , the feeing of unty hn you 're in a big tm d te sou of the et wh te bl gs int he baket . It makes yu go to th seventh heaven .
That 's for sure .
Would y lie to become a basketbal payer too ?
l right , I 'm oing to give yu om advice .
If I ere yo , I oul lways remember a tip rm Michael Jordan . "
A ayer can win a gm , b only a eam can in championships " .
If you rmember that , and undersand it , ou wil come a gre bsketall player .
I 'm ue .
Al of us are surrounded by pastic . Plast is needed for a lot of hins in or everyday if .
For this reasn , when a woman a er amily decided to lve a wole month withou plastic they had to change their lifestyle .
Nowadays , there re a t of prouct which have plasic or they re wapped in plastic , so it wud be difficult to li a hoe month without it .
However , his famy believed tha if the achieved tir oal , they wou reduce the aoun of plasic rubbis .
So they would hp to olve a bit the problem fo the UK 's recyclig ssem .
This family ss that the had to change their diet too , ecause some of their usual fo .
uh us yoghurts , biscuit , c , as wrapped in pasic .
So I thk ht frm my point of view it could be difficult to ollow ti lifestyle mu more than a couple of months .
There a a lt of products or food , whc ar needed in our life , ad they ae made th pastic .
wever , I also think that it 's iportat to be consius of envionmentl concerns , so ome ideas lk this ould be good to reuce bbish .
To um up , I think that it 's iportant to know that we shoul recycle lstic as wel as cardboard , glass , etc .
in order to ot waste enrgy .
So , we can use plsic in a responsible w , bt we hv to ko hat we sould n't take this idea to h extreme beause we ned plastic .
itnes
I was sitting here alne , sx foors up on my litle blcny , when I had shots and w boys running .
T frst thng I thought ws ha tere was a CONFLICT between soe popl .
nd then , I saw something lack t moving in the LADSCAPE of the woods .
I knew a bo was lyn there and ke it s dead .
A 15-year - ld y , the papers said .
A Buh of iren , cops n spinni lights were wn there .
I wathe til thy drgged im wy , and then eerythin went qie gan , as if ter as nobody , so I 'm sr t cs il ENFCE the guy who i thi .
I did n't ee them till next morning .
I 'm looking down at thos oods .
A cuple 's cmin lowly don Frankstown , walkig with a gir by he hand . She hs to be th b 's ab sister .
They pass hrouh son 's bar and sto xactly et to te spt ere the b died .
How do hy know ?
Then te started to pu a REWARD flowers where th by died .
w i these people find the ot ?
Culd they hear my od min oking to gde hem , lead hem and TRND hem a g up out of this damn wheelchair and ak them by the hand .
But I was OVERT , so I col nt go and tak them .
The y who killed tat by eall needed to have an ICENTIV to kill him .
Tt was an unfai death .
If there wa a machine tha could go ck in time , I mih be able to save hi .
But , unfortnatey , we 're not in the ftue .
Te ther benefit of living abad is incrdble pronal experiences .
When yo meet uiqe people with amazing stories .
F xample , y may meet someone who has trvelled nonstop in 20 counties d visitd most of h countries on te planet .
Thereore , this experenc opens o up to different ay of viwing the word which a alter the re of your life . In addion , it giv yur cildren a much bter understadng of othe cutures hn they atte internationa schols .
This will chge thi lives and pand their prospects in the fture .
Hello Jo
Cngrtulations !
Yo 're very lucky because you hve free tim to trav n ork broa .
I hope you got a high core at chol .
My country , Spain , h a lot of beautiful ctis and places to visit .
If you like mountains , o oud start your rip in the Noth , a region called Asturias .
There is a ell - kow mounain , Lag de Covadonga .
Yu ould send som tm walkg ad visiting the region .
Tere are good mels and drins : " fabada " ( with beas ) and " sidra " ( it is lk appl juice ) .
Near the mutains ( abut 20 kilmetre ) yo can fid beachs , but I recommnd the beaches in t South , Andalusia .
Ter are many kioetres of oast d there e a t of sites and partis to njo a he ie .
If yo cme re in February , yu will enjoy yourself a lt in Cadiz with the arival .
If you come in pring , yo ave to visit Seville , and yo wil enjoy Easter Week a Fria we .
raveling in Sain is easy .
You hav many roads , motorways , so ou a rent a ar and travel by yourself , withot a fixed tetable .
But , if you dislie driving , yo can use public transport : lng distance trains , buses , e .
Finall , to look r a job , I thik e est option is Madrid , which is the capital city , n ere you wll ind a job easily .
I hope you ejy your tri d see yo oon .
Paco
Nt unik ost of the wod 's spors lovr , I 'm mad abot football !
Not jut a really competitive game , football is a full mi of art , reativity , dedication , hard work and team wo .
Evn if you are the est payr in the whole orl , you alway have to play or your team - or el , be ray to be overcome by ou f !
When a very skilled plae inds himself in a hostile work environment ( with taleted t selfish players who are n't committed to their " ea ay " ) he tends to lose performance and ack god results in matches .
Sometimes , the real spectce does n't take place on the pitch , ut in its surrundins !
Suportes of traitonal club can be vey passionate .
Usuall , whn facing tough oppoens or decisive matches , they turn the stadium nto a eally big party in order to intimida their adversres ; clorig the benches with flg and jereys - sometimes buildig wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
If omeone asks me hat is he ost important thing to sat plying ( or ven folowing ) this terific sport , I 'd say it 's passion f wearing or lb 's jerey and resect o your adversaries .
Every country has go is o histr .
Fo yars of wars and difficult situations , istory s cratin peple 's eiefs ad convictions .
It was creatg a cultur .
eople were building nw castles , palaces and hrches .
Ys - chrches .
I thik reliio means a lot to pope- esecialy Polish people .
I wnt to describe the stor of the Monstey of Częstochowa .
It 's a it in Poand strongly connected it th drmaic history of our contr .
The moastery is sitated on a hl .
The icon , dpicting te Mother of God wh he Christ Chid , known as the Blak Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Rusia in 34 . n sinc hn a lot of pilgrims have been visitig at icture .
oe people probably tink - here is n anything special - an ordinary pictre .
Bu in t 1h century a miracle hapened .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa a rescue their country . u the Polish resistance was smallr nd smale .
Immediately h figtes of Sweden begn to stop attacig a il .
Pish soldies aaged to repulse hm .
In 1656 , he Plish ing Jn II Casmir made the Lwów Oath .
He pomsed hat the Madonna of Częstochoa would always be a Polish queen .
I think it is a perfect example of an imprtnt istorical plce in my country .
I tnk everybdy who lives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
When yo were a child , d y ever ask yourself what you were goo at ?
Or ere yu re about ou favourit sort ?
What ar the srts yo usually do ?
But , ost of al , do yu enjoy the ?
Athletes are etremely sron , probably thy might fall in love with a prt at first igh .
On te on hand , we he ople who liv for their spot . On th other ha , there a eople who do n sport , ndifferently , ecase it is ut a a to los weigh or a way to spe thei free tie .
nfortunately , I do n't av a favourite sport , although I 'd like to ave one .
I just go to e gy wce a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweate mre .
It is likel you would have more sef - confidece if you worked harder during a lson .
So , for e unucky ones like me , my uggestin is , if yu have not fale in love with a sprt , you should ry a course ! u will urey feel better d mor relaed ater that .
Place to eny
The aim of this rpot is to gie advice about the best places or te yun peple in my home town .
Cultural visis
Tarragona is an inteesting and beautiful place fo spending your time .
You ca viit museums , Roman monments ad also th athedral .
TArragona is near Barcelon .
It is an g it a here ar a lot of attractions .
ou n go by train , by s or maybe ren a a .
Restaurants and clubs
You ould go to the restaurants locaed in the harbour of Tarragona .
Al of tem r ased on t ypical Mediterranean cuisine .
Mrabe , Aquamr and Siroco re the tend resaurants .
Thy are very comfortable a cosy a a good prc .
Y uld go clubbing in Taragna , but if y travel in summe it is wot the efort to go to Saou .
It 's a village cse to Tarragona .
At iht it as a special atmosphre .
Relax
The best opton to relax is to be yng on the beach .
Watching the Mediterranean s .
Conclusions and recommendations
Tarragona and surroundings e a good place to vst and to explore thr culture .
Anyoy can be a god eacher r younger pole .
In my opinion , pants are the same and they an be great teachers f ter chidren .
veral reasn a suppot this iea , u I try to focu on te mst important ones .
Firs , parents are a rea surce of experience , which ca be hepful in teacing .
Second , ey have a clos relationship it their children , which results in felngs and emotions .
Tese two reasons m be enogh fo evy chd to cnsder his / her parents as vauabl teachers .
As mentioned arlie , experience is a prerequisite for every tacher .
In hs epect , parent have so mny things to teach thr children .
he hae faced different events in their lives and every eent hs had many lessons o them .
It does n't tter whehe th have faled or gained succes hough hoe events , te important hig is e experinces they he got from hse events .
rom thi point of ie , childen can away ak hir parents to teach them some new lesns fm he large source of infinite xperiences .
I , myself , ae fac so many cses tt helped me to understand the teacing biity of my parents .
Oe , when I was 18 years d , I a to make an importat dcisin about my niverity maor .
So , I just made a qik deiion based on some research on the internet an sme persol favorites an pioritis .
I s hopi that my decision w h right on , but it a n't acully . I ad chosen electronics but my prens tld me to do soe more resarc and consultations wt the gradaes of dferent majors includin electrnics .
I followed heir recommendations a I totally hangd my thinking .
here wee me spects that I had be really unare of .
So , by cosidering different ide a opinio , final I chose computer engineering as my university majr .
o I am raduated in ti maor d I am eally satisfied wth that .
So , parents ' experiences cn make thm god teachers or heir children .
Prnts ' closenss to their chilre cn be another rasn ta mks them good teachers .
hey are rall clos to thei chidrn in terms of elings n emoiona matters .
hey have a strong famiiaity wi prefereces , skls , alents n all other valuable information reled to teir children .
Regarding this information , they can teh their children and hp them to make reasonabl decisions .
I remember once in igh chol I a to make new friends and I was dubious abot my ituation n it wa a ret diema to chooe the bt os .
So , I went to my prents and asked for tei help . They presented e best recommendations fo mkig te decisio , hen I coul make the best frend that I could easy get alon wit .
I am eally satsied wth my parens as my indisputable techer .
Thy have ealy svd my lif in differen css .
So , parents n be he bes teachers in vew of thir motional loseness to ther children .
l in all , parents ar a great surce of experiece , whch can help them to be god teachers .
Also , they have so many los relationship with their chldren , hic makes them trustworthy charctrs as teahrs .
I hope o day all children ill rly on teir paents as their taches .
Wat I ually do in my free time .
I rally ke reading man kind of books , magazines , etc . When e weather is bad , I ov sitting in my fvorie archair , er th ire plac and eadng .
I enj heari th rin hie I am radng at home .
Hoevr , I like walking vey muh , too .
When the weather is ood , I oten go ut ith my fend for a wl in h coutryside or go shopping .
I als love watcing films at the cinema or on TV .
I prefer cmedy and roane , ut I ike thrillers and dama too .
Finally , I enjoy tking ce of my garden , were here are an lowerbeds wh a l of different kds of fwers .
ar Laura ,
I am glad to hear from you and know ou have bught a nw computer game .
Acualy , I do n't lie computer games very much , becas , in my opinion , they ae so borng ! I lso think tese gme creat a sort of dependency , like alcohol or ugs , so they an be very dangerous !
I raly pref oing othr nds of tings on my coputr , like surfing the Interne , stuing nglsh , c .
For example , I use my cmpter to prepare xercises r my studet or to look for unny and useful lboratoy experiment in chemistry .
e yo soon .
isses .
Sra
A trribl olday
Last ye I decided to go on holiday wih my friends .
We like the sa ve mh , so we loked to ent a ttle cttage in ugust in a lovely lace in Sadnia .
We arivd on th islad in the morning , after a log journey on a errybot .
hen we go on a bs to go to he hus hich we h rented .
The cottage as really great , wit a fantaic view of th beach .
I a looking forard to oing to the each and wimmin in that wonderful water .
But luck wa n't with me !
In at , I was l al he time and I cod only look at h sea through te winow of my room !
Dear enny ,
I am always gd to eceive ou letters !
My favourite TV programme is uark .
Tis is a documentary about science .
I like watching it becaue I c get a lo of infrmation fr this programe .
For exampl , I c learn about the Bg Bg , or h origin of th universe . It 's fascinatig !
I cn also learn abot stronomy , physics , hemstry , biology an any other branches of sciece .
From hi programme I cn e information out the last scieniic discoveries and
technoloical developments .
In my opiio , it is one of e most interesting progammes aout science on TV .
A kiss .
ra
Wht di you understand about te jb adveriseent ?
Th is a ob dealng with all t information on a cruie , n t dia manager wrks wth oher manaers on a cruise .
Ever a you have ew ns abu the ruis , excursions , the weatr an a lo of other information aou the cruise .
If you want informatin eay he in morning , yu n get nespapers in your cabin .
T meia maager follows infortion on panel , changes information dpeding on the wether , trips a a lo of other information .
Wh hpens if you change te rote on a cruise ?
Yo can chage all he information on a cruse an inform passengers abut the change of lan fr the cruse .
To take care of u bodies , we eat well , xercis and ake ure to t enough leep .
We ao have to ep in mind takig care of our vironment , in order to have a healthy life .
In my town we protect te environment aound us :
By recycing , by ryig to reduce e raffi , walking and cycling . That also impros our health a fitness .
Peple of all ages ms elp to clean up te ciy nd proect the wildlif .
At chool , cldren re taught bou how to make appropriate use of electricity .
There re many people that offer themselves as volunteer to clean he ciy , and have been vey helpful in making the city ceaner an ore attractive .
The also a t of plans fr the future , to start using electric cars .
The title of one of te bes thriller movies I av evr seen is " See " .
" ven " is a sto about a psychopathic eria killer , who ill on bealf of morality and ethics .
In prticular , h kiler klls sen people , ea oe corresponing to hos actions hat , according to the Christian religion , are the seven dady sn .
l e murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
That provides , epeially to ne of the tw deective w r investigating h crimes , a trai to follow in thi investigation .
In t movie there , e soe references to ant 's " ivina ommedia " , an Italian om , as wl as to the ibl .
The film is excellet becaus of bot a very exciting n engaging plot , a geat performances by e mai characters - the serial killer and te two etectives .
To my mind , shopping has oth suppotes n ppnents .
Te irs claim tht sopping is a eat leasure and fn .
The scond do n't agree with hem .
In my opinion , shopping is nt always enjoyable .
Mny times when I hae be shopping , I s unhappy or isappointd for difrent reasns .
Frt of l , we can le or even love shopping , we do n't always av eough ney to buy ites we want or need .
It 's nc to go through the sops ad leave wit hnds full of bags .
Unfortunately , we ealize at hm , that our wallet is ety .
That make us sa .
at is mre , hoppin may afect u mo or evn o bd in a bad wa .
When it cme to bargain ses , in suc perods , eople start to behave le animals and rely tink rationally .
They wl vr quickly , en ru , to gt te ls thing wic is lf in the sore .
Ty smetimes almost fight fr it .
It 's really dangerous .
All in l , shoping in it 's intetion is an enjoyable activity hch ofe makes us feel hapy .
Neertheless , sme people trea shopping too seriously and , as a result , bcme adcted to it .
To wo it may concern .
Hi to everyne ,
My name is Dniel d I 'm eghteen years od .
I 'd ike to present my applicaion bcause I thnk I 'm the person that you r lookg fr fo te job dscrbed in yo advertiseen .
I seak both English and Frech wll ad I 'll be re all sumr until te end of October because I 've just finised high school .
her , over te ls two years , I w h leer of a goup hich was involved in the organisaton of lessons for yong sudnts wih learning difficulties .
At t ame time , I w one of the leaders of the " cots " , so I 've learned a lot abot ow to co together with people an to tae cae of he .
I was in the school wimmin team a I 've g a ist - aid certificte .
I 'm Catholic and I play the guitr in th Church choir .
Each ya , in the smme holiday , I 've worked in te " Sumer cap " ogansed in ur neighbourhood , bth elpin in the itchens an organising sports n various acivities for children between 6 nd 13 years od .
Yrs aithfuly , aniea
In te wonderu world of cooking at we live , in were we hae a lot of prducs and chef a so good , I would ike to visit an Italin resaurat , because I love chee and I thn that Italy is h best place in th world wher you can a different types of cheese .
e perfect atmosphere o me is a mdern buildin that a differnt ros with diferen style : modern , clsical , gothic , etc .
Wh I ea in a resaurant , I ae wo thns : pople smoking a the ld voices of th eole .
Whreas I oe to hings too : a friedl waitress it he traditionl black clohes a a light on my table that makes th ight more romantc if you de with your partner or more rlaxe if u dine with your friend .
I thik that an Italn restaurant is a get pce for my class , becaue thr the n choose btween different fantastic dihs . Fr example , pasta , piz , seafood or pr .
Besides , they ca rink a lot of diferen wines .
Howev , not al is OK . A rp to Italy is so exensve a my clasmate ca n't aford it .
I enjoyed th im off from university .
My time f from university is ipotant to my personal development .
Learning n also ae place ouside th universt campus .
As such , we develop through interacting with our environment .
hie on holiays ro university ,
I travelled to my county of bih , ere I was le to meet my faml members , relatves and friends .
I wa be to insire some memers of my family to sed ther children to university .
I told my freds and fmily embers the importace of niversity educatin to our community .
I visited man iteresting places , e.g. a nature reserve , historical places , th zoo , rivers etc .
Also during his period , I s nvolved in a locl communty proje building a commuity hospital . While on th project , I interacted a shard ideas it other professiona on th pject .
Whle on ime off fm uiversity ,
I tok a prt - me b with the lal housing company .
This part - time job gives me a learnin oportnity to deveop my ills n understand th ratical aspect of my care .
Tis rctical experince ae me the opportunity to undersand h mportane of supervision .
I enjye he monetary spect of hi jo .
I art me mony to pa my universy fs and re f thre months . I als received a very goo reference rom the rm which was passed on to the uivesity .
They would ie to ofer me another oportunity to do a wr placement in my fia year at nivesity .
Goo Mrnig !
I 'm Mar an I 'm writing u a leter beause I would ie to work in your summer camp .
I live in Mila wi my paents , but I 'm movn to the USA bfore th n of sring , so I wld like to find a job tre to ke me money .
My paren are bh Enish native speaers , but to larn oe about h cuture , I studied languages at university and nw I ve a degree in Eglish ad Fench , so hi o is alo an opportunty or me to imprve my Englis in another ituation and ot only wh my paents and family .
In Italy , I word as a baystter for a couple of monts . I took ce of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 childen are both 11 yes o . And ack then , I a to cook nch nd inner o he .
At university , I was part of the football team n we won a chamonship against oe of e most aletic ftball tams in our country .
I hink I 'm an energic peron tht likes l th type of pots nd actiities , but the most importat thing is tat I lve ki and playing ith te makes me really app .
I wod like to be pat of your staff , so pease lt me kw if I can work wih u !
Thank you o you time !
Bright utue fr public transport
The convenience of taveling by ca bnefits e majoity of us in modern society .
It is eicient d rivae .
Ca manufacturer ar deseraely seekin n technologies to imove t faturs of rs .
By making the more modern , powerful and conomical , they have successfully attrated mre customers than ever .
In Canda , the vehicls p capit as 60.7% in 21[1 ] .
Tere was once an intereting saying that oth merica is a naton on hels .
T a has rought an epi hnge to our lifestyle .
We depend on cars so much , as if ty are r spare pir of et .
As a result , th rpd increase of cars on the road h rough negative cosequnces .
Firstly , vehicles ' eission a hve detrimental efects on the environment in mn ways .
Suc as global wrmig , sol and water polluto ad acid rain .
Secodly , vehicles contain may different fluids , including motr o , antifreeze , asoline , a - conitioning rerigerants , and brake , transmission , ydrauic d windshil - per flud .
In most cases , these fluids are oic to humns and animals , and can plute waterways if thy leak ro a vehicle or are disposed of incorrectly .
In additon , traffic congestion has become another worsenng probl .
It sead assvely in much of th world d has mny ngativ impacts of all types .
In 2010 , a recuring massive traffic j tat happened in Chia caut the worldwide media 's attention .
The trafic jam slowe down thousads of vehicles for more tha 100 kiometres and lted for moe than te days .
Many rivers were ble to me the vehicls only 1 km p d , and some drivers reported bein stuc in the traffc j or five da .
It is considered to be one of the loges tafic jams by some edi .
On the oer hand , modern pulic transpr ha been mprved progressivel in t st decd .
It comfortabe , efficit and economicl featues hve ben attracting more yung proessonals .
By takin the subway , you will be ale to guarantee ur arrival time for a clss or an portant eeting ; In sme big citi , public transport plays a big role in moern sociey . With reat cveage and eficint routes ,
te subway as become the most ppuar commuting tool .
For instace , in New York , e subwy ssem includes 2 mles of routes .
In 2013 , h suway deliveed over 1.71 billion rides , averagin pproximately 5.5 million rides on weekdys.[2 ] Shagai Metro system is 14 metro lines d 32 statis , wt an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion ides dlivered in 2013 .
On a orml weeay , over 8 mllin people use t Shanghai Mero.[3 ]
In ddiion to th convenience of pbic transport , e ares e much ceaper compared it driving a car .
Some prfessional copanis even offer thir employees fr public transot passes as a benefit .
Te public tnsport in my ity is very convenient .
Even though our uway sstem is sti developing , the man line tha pases through downton , seera universities and popular cty sts is very pular and ha been ay tourists ' , students ' a professionals ' first choic for ommutng .
Tere are me par - and - rid sations alowing a rivrs to conne ith t suwy . It is very convenient an encourages ore people to div less .
If I have to get to somewhere on me in the rh hour , I wil irt consider e subway oe driving a ca .
Environmental awarenss has positively affectd e yongr generaion .
king the subay to work has become a trd a l the changes that re apening oay wil sury lead to a bright future for ubli transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motr Vehicle r Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , Nw Yo City Suway
[ 3 ] ikipedia , Shanga etro System
Dear An ,
I nw you 're coming to Rome next week ad I would be really glad if yu coud ome to see me .
I am going to explai how to get to my place fr the airport .
First of ll , once you arrive , yu will ed to get the trai , whic stp at Tiburtia .
rm tre take te 45 bus and stop at Piazza Rubai . I do n't liv vey r fm there . It wil ol take a couple of minutes .
So , fr Piazza Ruani te the secd on he right , which is Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
Should ou ae any robles , just ive me a call !
I ca n't wait to see u .
Love .
Adri
I think it would be a oo idea to try t estarant " h l cck " .
The retauant is charming d fasinatin , located in e old tow 's center .
It 's an ancin bwery which kee a scial atmosphere .
he enu is not really ie - th is gd in my opnon , becaue I 'm qui uspicios of rstarants offering oo many dishes ... T restaurant serves fresh fod ly , depending on h eason 's produce .
There is lo a od hice of fo for vegetarians , so ie ad n will o ve a problem eating .
The downside ould be the waiin time to et , becaus all th ishes ae preped at the time the cstomrs make the order .
Bt there 's a guarantee r the customer : e food is reat !
The location is informal and the service is gd , te wner and the waiters are friendly ; you feel at home .
You can listen to live music or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's rally un !
Last but not las , he price is good , especially considering the quality of fo ad servce .
As te concert fnished , I har soeone al my name .
A man put a small envelope in my hand and wen away .
I opened it n I could see an ordinary CD inside .
he I got hoe , I played the CD on the CD player but ere reay was n't y ond !
At tat moment , te phone startd to ring , I ick it up ... but no n aswered me when I asked ' h is ha ? ' .
I was beginning to t ey agitated whn somebody knocked on the oo .
I opened it t there was nobody hee !
Sudenly , a loud noise a heard in e room and I ok up .
I s lying on t coch with a mystery novl in my hands ! It had all js been a nihtmare !
All over te wor , h number of overwght eole is growing .
Wha do yu feel are the main cases of ths ?
What a e effects ?
Obesity is e of the st sigificnt challenes of present - ay society ue to h fact tha the numbr of eople suffering rm it hs bee growing alarmingly .
This say wl look at ome of the ky causes and effets of obesity amng pople .
Firstly , fod habits such as fst fod ad sedentary lfestles are some of the main causes of the sure in weight aog pele .
For instance , the ae many studes by vaius bodies in e US howing that me and me tnagers ae spending most of their time in frot of the TV or computer paying video gmes . They hrdly do ay sr of physcal ctivity nd alo indule in at ood .
This sows tha frie or packaged fod and a complete lack of exercise are h chi reaons for the increase in obesity among yung peope .
Secondl , bullying amon teenagers and a rise in heart ataks e soe of h main effects for people who are obese .
or example , it should be ned ta rect studies by WHO ave rvealed tha obe pepe are one to bullying d here is rise in e umber of cases of har attacks among you people with obesity .
This examle shos tat people wit obesiy not ly suffer ro bulyin , but aso frm hert attacks .
Having looked at oth causes n effects of obsit amn eopl , it is recommended that pople pay attention to etig habits by edcing t intake of fst food and also tke ti out to exercie to le a healthy lifestyle for ther n enfit .
er friend :
Ho ae things ? I wnt to ou nw shoping cetr last eek .
I ha a really go time with my boyfriend . Ths place is otide he city cete of Granada , in Span .
I ikd ts shopping centre because it hs a lot of women 's shp inside , the facilities are quie attractive and ver up - to - at , he gre zon r brad n it is upplied with a lot of wooen benches .
I bught two kids of clothes : casual clothes for evry day nd an otfi f an occasion , my cosin 's wddng ext monh .
e ou son !
es reads
E
ete loked at his watch and knew he had to do omethin imeditely .
He had been sck in thi blizzard for a ln tie .
He i n't kw what to do . He tried to cal someon , u the line did n't work .
He was starting to get agittd , he ws arriving lat to his ster 's wedding . It s prbaby te es day of h fe and he was n't there wi her .
Wh h irs ou had passed , he decided he would walk .
When he opene e door , a co nd whipped im hd but he di n't re about it and kept ing .
Te sky s cloudy , te temperature wa below zero , he wn made him not able to wlk and it w the tha he reized wy is sistr was celebrating er edding on ts ate .
He bgan to eel et an that ws when he niced tht it wa ranig heavily .
He cold n't believe it , bt he coud n't to walking . He d to ge to the hurh .
Peter opnd h door and erybody turne aroun to look at him .
He as wt , ld , sarving , n outside te weathe ad worsene , te ro was flooded and te cars cud n't pass .
ut eter i o regret hvin waked in h pourin rin , because he had een ith hs siste on hr special ay .
There re pent of ports . se can be practiced indos , ome otdoors and others in waer .
r me , these are the most incredible sport that anyone can do .
imming is on of the most coplee sports , beause you ue ery rt of yur bod in order to flo ad advace in e ate .
The ideal is to sat doing tis sport as cidren , beaue he oder ou are e mor difficult it is to ovecoe fear , bu it is never o late to learn to sm .
Thi sor combines te movement of arms and legs with beahing , as coordination btwen these pars is crucial .
Amog he advantges of swimming we can highlight the following :
1 .
to delay aging , it increases memory and e abilit to move .
2 . burn mr calories , becae in the wtr , e muscles work 5 times more han outside it .
3 .
Imoving the respiratory system .
4 . liminae back pain and aching bones .
5 . Relax nt onl he boy but also t mind , so hat strs decreases cnsiderabl .
If you want to know moe and ean to practise is sport , we recommend tteding a specalized chool . There ar many goo nd t so expensive one , whe ou an unt on the support of a qualified instructor wo will gv you h conidence to start .
Hi Keiro ,
oe yu ae doing well .
As per o discusson earler on th erice ude ale communication , I would like to ask ou if you ave aready started to prepare the bckgound ad sles communication mterial for this service uid a o to s it .
We are aiming to delier h Service uid materials in Week 25 to th mrketig colleaues fr translaton and localisation .
h ountries will ave 6 weeks to lcalis and produe it ( till Week 32 ) .
Following r communiatin to h marketing ommuniy , ideally we shoul as iform the ale community about the sals communication materil and guidelines .
I proose haig a eeting to discuss h rcess / meline and alig ou communications to e marktig nd sae commuity .
Would you be availabl to meet on Moday , June 02 .
ooing forwa to heari fr you .
Knd regards ,
The article is devted to h characteristics of e objective spect of a cie , responsibility for wic is provided by rt .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
Various points of view are gien concerning concpts of sexual itercourse , sodomy , esbanism .
On the ass of medical and eal prisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates defnitions of the menioned ct of a sxual nature .
Ao , e impefecton in formulation of th specified atice is stressed .
On he basis of a mr balanced n reasonable approach , the e ediion of Ar .
134 of the Criminal Cod of h Russian Federation is offered .
Hi Tom ,
ou 're wlcome , I 'll be ver happy to p you up . I'll shw you h marvellous venues wich ae situated in my hometown .
To come to my hoe , firsty you must take th National Express coc .
Y ust nd e bus top on he ide of the r par .
You must tk th nmber 78 .
Secondly , you 'll gt off at th Galleria .
It 's a shoppin centre , hic is siuted in Hatfield .
On h oposite ide of th Natonal express bus stop tere 's h bus sop .
You have to catch the 1 bus .
It brings you directly to my suburb .
Yo mt get f at London Road s stop .
Finally , you will find my apatment er t bus stop .
is is the cheaes way to g to my hm that I ow .
bou the weather forecast r next moth , I 'm sorry to tl yo tha the temperatre might fal .
I ugget bringing a coat .
If yu ned futer details aot how to et to my apartment wri to me soon .
ak cr
arizio
There is no utre r public transort , ecaus ravelling by ar is so muc moe convenient .
As you do not have to wait for set timetables and olow fxe routes .
You ca go anywhere ou want , even during the nih whn public tranpor is scae or it cud be unsafe .
Drivig your own car givs you more freedo when travelling and inreases yur sense of ndependence .
However , a car is not ways more economcl to run beause , r example , you hav to pay for oa taxs , insrance , and motor tests .
No to mentio te fl .
Gnerlly speain , cr enrate more pollton than a public transport .
e mn reasn for ts is that cr use diesel or petro , whereas trns e electricity .
It is ao iportant to mentio that peple o div tir own car most of t tie travel on ter own .
Finally , another advantage over private cr is ht it reduced traffic cao .
To sum up , I think th fture of pubic ransort is just starin up .
Fom 17th to 20t Mrh me and my schoolmates , and he 2 M , wen on a rip to Sicly .
We stayed hre for 4 days and we viied Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala ad a small pt of Trapani .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Caani : for me it a th first te I had fow , a it s amazing . But at te beginning I a a little b of a headache .
When we arved in Catania , e bus driver oo us to a café to have breakfas .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a ot of things : the Greek thete , Corvaia palace ad h Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Roman Odn d a park and the eautifu places .
Tn we d lnh n went to ' Giardin Naos ' and we aw e necopolis .
In the evening , we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel becau we wee ire .
The next mornig , we visid iracus ad in the aftenoo we went to Ortigia isan hre we d a litle t of fe time .
Fo Siracusa we mved to Agrignt , where a lt of us stayed in the hotel tht night .
In Garinto , we sw the ' Valle Dei templi ' a a museum an in e afternoon we moed to ' Santa Maria De Greci ' .
We also aw Pirandel 's house , and after that , we ent to Marala . During th evening , we stayed in he hotel ad in te morning we visitd a museum ad hen we med to Trapan , where we isied the saltworks .
Tn we had free tm for 1 hr , bt soo we ad to go to the airport to board a lane and come back here .
It was an incredible ip !
I have an unual car .
It loks like regular cars b has some advantas .
First of al , my car has high speed .
Secondly , it can fl .
In addition , my car is cnsiderbly more powerful than oher means of transport .
It es n need fel becaus her are dfferent forces whch ais the car in te air .
My man of trasport is blue like the sy .
Using this trasport I wl go to New Zealand then Australia an ther countrs .
I wn to see tropical animals , birs and mt h cal poulation .
In addition , I am ong to e the iration of the bigest animals in t wor - whales .
Travelling by car is mh more convenient , as may peope say , but plic trnport is much better fo t evionment .
There ae w 8 billion eople living on our earth and if eeryne ove a car , the plluion wld be so eat , that we col n't lve hee ymore .
May eopl use public transport every a and I think ths is good r our communication , becae we c tak to ter people .
It is ls good for our environment because there is st one bus for 80 eole .
hee would be much me exhaust if every person drove a car .
Publi ransort wl increae in e future , becae every ye there are me tra stations and mor steets .
The Weeping Angel is a thiller full of hating beauty and intrigue .
It tae place in the oder Ne Yok among anonymous oice bilding and ety - yd crowds .
The hero find a his frends r disappearing ne by one .
Looking o trces of those he loved , he stumbles po a uth tha ws hide in plin igh .
ny by looking in he eyes of stn - co danger can he evad isappeaance himself .
He mght ae tricked he monsters into a ra , but such ceature , almo oo vl to be real , can neer be toppd .
My favourite sort is wimming . I lik it because it makes me feel free , ndependent ad hap .
It is an individual por b als a team activity .
In my opinion , it is e of the healthiest sports there a becaue yo can rain not ony our body b you can also develop your breathing .
I do not swim in cometitios , bu almos sine I was 3 years od ,
I alwys had grat coaches who traine me according to my ablity so that I ever wnt over my limit .
I av always fel comortable as a ild th my tak mates .
Durng tese yea I ha changed pools three times .
At the momnt , I am taining at the Tui Sspor near Mirafiori .
It is qute a tiri spor , but u can relax when the oah sa it 's ti to take a break .
If I d to ie adice to someone who ant to sart tis sprt , I wuld tell i not to worry if he does n't fe coniden .
If he is fraid of e wat , it is not recommended to do this spor , or being able to overcome hi ea would be a great gl .
All in l , I would recommend anyone to do this spot .
It is a sport tt purifies and regenraes ou .
If we tal about my aourite sport , it will be basketball .
I love basketbll , hugh I rael pla basketball becuse it is hrd to find a stadium to pa basketball in Thaiand .
I le basketbal becaus it is one of the easiest sprts .
L 's talk about th vantages of playing basketball .
I thi playing basketbll helps me to be healthy .
If someone wants to lay some spr , basketball is my first sggetion .
It is an as sport to ply fo anyn who s never layd y sport before .
So , newies can understan and kw e rules esily .
his is a try about basketball , my favourite sport .
It 's te th t many peopl conside the membes of thei famly their best riends .
I do n't eiter . owver , I ave a curious opinion .
On t one hand , your relaties re e people o wi always be part of yu .
Nobody can lea a amil , as tere il be a bloody unio .
So , it would be a oo choice to consider thm yur friends .
It is moe possible to lose cotact with a fien than with our famiy .
On the the hand , it hapens ht sometimes y ae an argument with a amil member and ou need to tak to a frend to be cheered up .
If you tak to a friend who is alo a member of yur family , the situatio could tn ot to be a little awkrd .
Al in ll , as we cn e , tere r many advantages an disadvntages to considering the members of your amly your best riends .
Fom my point of view , friendship is based on hoesty .
Wh 's more , not ony is yr bet fried h peso wh never lies to yu , but he / she is lso th person ho is always on your side .
If a family emer s ke that , they could beome my est friend .
h housing siuation fo young ople in my ountr
Introduction :
The urpse of this report is to evaluate the rane of optios available f many twenty - somethins in order to chse teir housing in my counry , as wl as the main ostacles hy fc with ch e .
It wll also decribe the posibe housin prospects in the coming years n the consequences for youg people .
ho can afford a hou ?
Nowadays , owning you own houe h become an phll strugl less you r wilng to ay through e ne or it .
Du to he enormous economic cris ht s sake Europe and that hs ntoxicaed h re - esate arket , most of te prices are y - wateringly xpensive for colge students that want to study abrod or imply emancpate .
ven if they manage to save the aount of mny or a flat , it usually oes n't ae enough room to swing a cat .
In addition , the uwilingness of the banks to lnd money to anyone without a stable jo is sometin mportan to take in account .
If y cn not afford it , then us rent it .
Alhogh renting is the first opion for mt of te yot , rents also have been affected by the housing bubbe nd tei pries he shot up o .
Then , sharin the csts cold be h oluton f lots of students beyond all t robems tt coud arise from cmmuna living .
At least u 'll awas have yr parents .
In oer to ave up f future plan , a large number of yun adul prefer to st ndr the ing of arent rahr than leaping into t dar d mvig out .
Th could e in cnstan argumens because of iues like privacy and so on .
ht but the future ?
he utur remains uncertain unt th econom situation rcovrs .
As her ae not mny sigs of hs ecomig a reity , young peope ust wai to strt their o lives .
My favourite port is running .
It kee me ft , ealthy n ull of eergy .
Wh I rn , I fl relaxed , I frot a my troubles and stresse .
It refreshes me .
Once , I took part in a half - araton .
At ist , I could n't beleve tha I cold do this .
But then I proved to myself tat everythin is possible .
In addition , I ade ne frinds ter . They ar very clev a hsically stong .
They tech me e tecniques of w to run faster .
I kee practcig wt he , runnin rund West Lake vey Saturda .
After the rac , we go together in the cf , rink ber a ad a nice conversation .
It was a grat time .
My ext goal is to particiate in a full - mathon .
Also , runnig impoves my willpowr , because I ha to wak up early in he ornin and run , wihot fil .
I have become moe oganizd , and I ve manged to do more than I could have imagined .
I thnk everything is possible wen you are rganize . You strt to uild yur w timetble , which makes your li mor asy d effective .
It elps y ot to wse yr time .
I think it is the key to success .
We a learn ht a lot of successful pole are vey orgnized .
In my oinin , sport plays a gat ole in our li .
hi opany a the intention of setting up some trainng courses for staff , so I came up ith the iea of aving a course that concentrates on company moae .
I cosider this couse as a riority in order to get very employee to ee motivated and invlved in hat this company has to offr .
I strogly believe in the da of having a comfortable ffic environmnt , ecaue when ou like what u are doig ad also were y are oin it , yo will do it he bes o can .
I recommend hat evrone in this department aks the course , ha way we could av the iws of l h employees n ocu on what we need to mprove d channel it ino rofit .
These courses will last about a wek a I suggest we ny take rom two to thre hus pe day so it does n't becom tedious a we can keep veryon inteesed .
In onlusion , ti il mak everyoe feel at of the compay an we will ve everyone 's opinions .
Yesterdy , I watched a scince fiction movie called lae unner .
The ovie was rst released in 1982 and a drected by Ridley Scott , h was th directr of Alien .
Te story of Blade Runr is abou a police oficr name Dckar h is working as a kllr or the most danrous robots on ear , which they cll te replicants , n he e dangerous to human .
h fl events happe in Los geles in 2019 ; thre are 4 robots in he story d each robot h his on character ; and the mst amous and dangerous o is alle batty . He is a ery adanced robot ad s many ills an abilities .
Dickard , th police offer , kis three robt in the fil , u at the d of th moie and efore he tres to ki te last robot , he discovers th bty h emotns nd feelis istea of hi mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the en of e film .
Travelling h an important rol in our everyday if ; we need to g to wrk , scho , at to et our friends .
Most of those lans wld nt be possibe if it were not for means of transprt .
But whch oe , ubic trnsport or u ow r wll we be choosing more ofen in fure ?
On the e ha , it is more convenient to have a cr .
Owning a vechicle is ery convnien and give ou independece .
It enables you to go anywhr you nt , no mter when .
ou c al stop orrying abt how mc o take to work n on trips , big able to hie all those things inside our trunk , while hi is impssibe wth a ther men of transport ,
On the other ad , having our own car is expesie and not everone can afford it .
r tse eople , tre is always nother option - public transport .
It is nt ol cheaper , but also sae u from sc polems as lak of parking spaces n educes traffi jams .
Morevr , travelling by tri , am or bus produces les exhaust fumes and , as a reult , sav the ozon layer .
To sum up , travelling using public ransport is more beneficia for both the environment and travelers .
I am convinced , that in pite of cars beig omfortale , public transport wll constantly deveo .
Hi Sa ,
thanks for yor terest , yo 're ey kind !
es , I kw , it ws a dfficut decisio to ake , bu I am to stressed here , I need a brek , so I decided to trav to Enland , a ountr I have alwys wned to viit but I 've nevr bee tre .
For this , the first tig I 'd like to do when I ariv is to vsit th couty . I want to do tis uring t firt month . Every da I want to enjoy msef visiting new place !
After , th I 'll need to mk some money . My parents are gong to giv me som , but it wo n't be eoug r six mont , so I must fnd a ob !
I ned to ask you for so he . You 're th only person I know who lives ther , so he oly one who can help me .
Th frst ing I must ask you is if yu could ind a plce wee I c ta . A moe or , bttr , a shared hue . I know it 's a ot to as but could ou send me the contact dtais of a coman tht is lookng for part - ie sta ?
Thanks a o
I hoe to e yo on !
iss , lora .
Stm cls are undiffereniated biological cels ha ca differentiate ito secialied ells and diie to produc oe stem cells .
They ca also trea or preve a dsease or condition , and are used by sientits in research , and by doctors .
I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in rer to save other peop 's lis , even if they om fm an abrted foetus .
The are a lo of people in ths world tat are ill and need stem clls in heir healg rocess , so parens that had an aoted oetu shold let te cientits a t doctor s he em cells in their research and hlp other pople .
Scenc nowadays h developed a lt an s given the popuatin a lot of possiblites , like sorng stem cells and sng hm to treat future helth poblems ayne a ve .
Al in l , I suppoe a lot of peole disagree with ti subect becuse it is not a good ide for em , t in my opinion , it is a rely good de to sae ter people 's lives by taking se cell from an aborted foetus .
Introduction
Th prpos of hi report is to inform visitr to Leonberg bou our shopping facilites .
Findings
When yu com to Lenber you il find many useful shops .
The most populr retail stores are located in r amos mall , called eo Centr .
Tere you c ind almos anything you want , from clothes to electronics n groceries , to auty rducts and flowers .
Frtermore , th picturese d town of Leonberg has a nmer of lvey small corn shops wher you can buy oca food and handmade poducs .
Een if you e interesed in more than ordinary shopping , yu wil be atisfied in Leonberg .
We have a big furniture store , an extraorinary arkt garden , a wl - knon oe improveent store , an also a arg be retailer ih professionally traed shop ssistats .
Recommenatins
Dependng on your pesonal inteests , you houl hd for iferent quater of Leonberg .
If yu prefer to wl around and get a felin for the tn 's culture , ou sould go to one of the t hstorc ton eters .
If you pefe faster shopping , I suggest yo vsit or L Center .
In my oinon , shopping is not lwys enjoyable , especialy for e .
When omn ped urs in the shops , me ust go with hem .
It 's a torment for every a .
Fit , ty hav to sped mone and waste time whch th could spend watcing TV .
Shpping is not enjoabl also , when we mus bu somethng , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't lk things hich tey he to do .
In ths situion , we are nervo and stessed .
Soeimes , your shoping trip tus o to be unsuccessful nd o re esprate because u wted moey .
Bt , if you are a womn n you have lt of money a time , you will always be content durin shoping .
If we ook roun us , we cn s a lot of facilitis .
If we think aot te , we ill realze that we are lcy becaue of he impe at of enjoyig em .
They have nt always been hee , and they wll not be hr for eer .
One of the momntous human is is to me lie eternal as much as it is possil .
Fr ti reason , we a ways inolved in te project of mprovin e facilities o lie , and o of t mt imotant aspect of the project is he home .
Nowadays , we have a o of lecronic devices , such as mcrwaves , remote contols for TV , electroc deies fr cooking , personal computers , a so on nd so forh .
ch one makes eeryday le a bt eaier , bu real progss in the home would be electronic deices at wee connected to h min .
This would be my ' home of future ' .
An iner eectronic system uld compose the whole huse ; it would include small devices of wave reption connece , on eer id of e use , to a gum headband ose function would be to identify neural stimul d to convr em to radio was .
This headband wold be related to househod cres such hat if y need to wsh dishes or to seep , ou only have to tnk bou it a t robotized system of the use will send orders to each pr of the house tself .
his system would also be connecte to the nterne in a ' dal outpt remo port of informatin ' .
Hvin explained it , I am completely sure that ths outlin of my ' house of fuure ' will astnish a amaze everyone who reas my sublime project .
Dear Paul ,
o are you dong ? I remember ou wanted me to tell u bout my experience wit helping at a concert I wt to last mon .
I am glad to tell u that it was awesome an I oe tat I will be able to do something like ta again . I am oninced that it was ne of the best days of my life .
It l staed when I applid to be a volunteer at his evet .
I did n't hnk that I ad any chance of geing there , becaue of the large nube of applicants .
But , I fotunately md it .
I s attaced to a grup of eople who ere responsible o informing the publ about te programme and a the orgnisational tff .
There were so many gess and I was afraid tat it would be oo hrd for me to do it ight .
B my ne riend from ths group were very pite and we rked together , so it was much easier han I thugt at first .
fte ome tim , I fe a , because I realised ha I wud n't be ale to ee the band laing on h stge , becuse I d to ay in ront of the etance .
But after the rst og , when the adence arted to sig ad danc , our manager cae to us and ld us th we coul go see the concert .
I was so extrmey happy .
I had a great tim hroughout the ntire onert .
fer tat , we went backstage and spent som tme wh the band .
We tok some phoos d go autograph .
It was ealy ol .
As you c e , it was al raly aazig .
I met a ot of fantastic people and I am stl in toc ith them .
I ho hat , next tie , y ill be be to go wih me .
Loe , XY .
That s a mstak .
A BIG mistake .
Mchael des n't know ayhing but ve n sweetness .
Lke everyone els on hi planet ... I think ?
Ayway , yo know what ?
The only thing he kw when he got to any 's house was this : h world oes n't trn around him .
He arrved a the first od he said as :
- " ht ! "
Y , I know , no very mat .
But that is Mihael .
Ad Michael does n't car what peole hik abo hi .
And ti is h " Mandy moment " .
- " Wa ? What 's wrong ith you ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment keys .
Where ae the fuckig batar keys ? ......
- ... Yu eve cnge .
ou aways do something wrong .
Thi is yo .
O .
Michal the big man , who n do everything in th whole amn orl , ecpt ak care of s es , I gss ... "
I think I 've neglected to explain one ting to o ?
Michal was , at hi moment , angr .
But not anry like you and me .
No no no .
Angry ke a tge , or something else that 's a , naught nd terrifying .
Yeah .
Ad that was how Mchel ws at that moment .
- " What is yur problem ?
- What ?
- I wo n't repeat myself a third time : Wat is your problem ?
- I 've no poble wih you !
You 're always like thi .
ou 're ucked up all the time . "
He hit r .
ha was l .
He o his bag an he ent to the dr .
Michael cled the door and kne at that oment he a me a mstke .
Sual Harassment
Have you ever been harassed by othrs ?
Their behavior may make ou el uncomfortabl ad disgustng .
If yu have or u have witnessed tis before .
You should kno it is caled sexul harassment .
Sexual hrassment is omeody els ( mab strangers or maybe someone yu are fmliar wth ) bulying or forcing ou sexually .
You may g ur physicaly and entally by seual harasment .
Toda , I will talk aot th prblm of sexu harassme .
Fit , I ll show yu what happens hen exual arasment occurs .
Second , I will tell you hw to deal ith sexua harasmen .
et 's tar by watching a vdo .
( show ieo )
exul harassment m ocur in a variety of circumstnces - in workplacs , schols n en houses .
h peretraors har the ictim by words or sault .
Now you know what seual harassment is .
Nxt I will tell u hw to al with it .
If y are the ictm of sxual harassment or y are a itess , ou should ty to call for hel first .
Screaming , yelling … do some acions which will attract others ' attention .
You c also prpre ome weapons sch as ppper spray , a wistl or an elecric ato , st in ae .
Mn eople hesitate to tl others about an incident becas thy think it is mbarrassing to tel ohers about ts .
Yet , you should tell someone y can tust .
And ten they can he you to solve the probem .
I hve expaned two mpotant aspects of sexual harassment .
Fis , I showed you at sexual arassment is .
Second , I told you wh you can do to deal it it .
In conclusion , exua harassment a happen anywhere , anytim , by anyone .
Be alert ad tae some recautios to protect yorsel .
If you ae fected , do t be afraid to tel th truh and t others help you to del wt it .
t 's say no to sexu harassment !
A reat place to e is at " The Rvea " .
This restaurant is nar h riverside of Zarate .
irst , yu av a varied menu a h service in this place is wonerful .
o bein with a
great sartr and hen you finih it , they bring yu e babcued meat .
hn he main course is t brbeced ma ta is very tender d tty .
Th met is n salty as
in other restaurants , and they lt ou eat h amount of mn courss at y wish or the sm prce .
There is a package at includes the starr , the main cours d the dsrt .
Drinks e apart from te package .
In additn , the atmosphere of he place is excellent .
Riva is a frindly ad lively pce
ih an amazing riverside view ta makes you rel an feel comfortable .
To sum up , I would recoend this place if ou wat to have a rea tie and eat on your last day .
Travellin by cr is much more onvenient tn using public transport or variou obvious reans .
Bt , considering e increase in private veices in r crowded overpopulated wold , it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we se publi transportation .
In thi y , we not only contribute to saing our e - sstem , we so contribute to increasing he natinal revenue .
w tht mobile phoe hve conquered ur ams , we have no time to ve meet r paens and childrn .
u interaction with human beings as been pathetically redced .
Exchanging retings , epressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , tuding n moe hae becom actiities we do using mbile hones .
Cars ar mostly used by pope taelling long distances in a shorter ti .
Inside cities n f shorter distances , notng a be more comfotale ad sae hn ubli ansport .
Using public transport t only heps us rch our destination safey , ut so gives us ample opportunities to network an be with other eopl .
It is safer , cheaper and faster .
Evn if cars outnumber users , pulic transort will continue to help and support us in a ae and a healty lfe .
o centuries the populatin of the wold as been dreming of commuting anywhre cofortaly by car .
How mny of us get up from u bed aready exhausted just at te tough of getting onto pubic transport ?
It was after tnking about is major problem tha govermens around e wol aunhed the greatet and mst ambitious pan .
To start with , cars are goig to be ade using high technology at a loe cost , and teefore affordable to l .
it development is alrady der construction .
ew motrway , treets , car parks r no longer siing in the counil 's offices , waiting to be signed , hy a a reality ransformng th wrl landscape .
Could we ever think of such a dram coming tr ? l this is byond my imgination and nderstandig , whrea ew technologies could be use to ie h orl a muh better health evironment and less egocentic .
Da Jh
I am very interested in starting a pet - ar francse because I ke ps an I think l these ervies would be very helul for a lt of people in my country o .
Can you ll me mo about the possility of tkng ou a Petps franchise in my outry ?
I would like to know ht inital investment I ha to clcuate ?
How many hrs do you wor in this business a what e t working ours ?
Is hs mo in e evening or on h weekend ?
Anote thing I oud le to know is how mch tunovr / poft I c expct in the first ear .
In your article you wit about an education center with assistanc o n franchsees .
What training do yu offer ?
a yu send me an offer ?
Thank y vy much for your help .
Yurs snceely
Isabel
In he uture our lives will be much mor difficult because we 'll struggle for evrything lne .
We hae started to struggle alone .
We'll get mr and more onely d alo selfis , too .
No on il he ch oer .
Everyone will get elp rm t machines or techological .
Technology will be ou best friend .
Despit hs , ur apearance wi cane . Our fasion will be more techque .
I ca n't imagine wat things we might et in t fure .
Pill ?
Just to ave time ?
ecaus we wo n't have im to eat deiciou food and drink an exquisit wine and have a chat th a friend .
What about reltionshis ?
Wel , I do n't hink that we ll bild a close rlationship wit anyone and building a family ll be even worse .
e family igh eit on paper , but no in reality , because each member of the faily will be uy and they il just end some messages fo the hih - technology hoes they 'll ave at that te .
I know , it sounds borng nd pessimistic , t if we do n't hnge u ind mmedately , the futue is goig to be like tt , or ur .
Ths bar chrt depicts the aerage koledge of reading and writing for female and males in six differen regions in 00 .
From an overall persectve , it is otale a hher amunt of illiterate oen in a the regons compared with men , wh are in some cases th half pt of the oal of women in eac egio .
Developed countries , atin Aeria and Eat Ai r the three regions tt how a low percentage of illiterate pole , expresed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Sahara Afria , Aab States and ouh As have or 30% of peple who do not know to how ead and wrie .
Developed cntries ' figures are h lost , being almost at 1% , wilst South Asia numbers re sharply , reachin almost 60% in the ce of females n eceeding 30% fo males .
As we can see , an unqual percentage is swn depending on the aea where th people come from .
Bens Aire is a city made fr tourists . Visito cn do so mn activities in a sall rio of h cit . Dancing Tano , eating traditional eat or visiing a beautiful lbary are some of tem .
Furthermore , hee re many places where tourists can buy many things , suc as a typica ate or a pitre of the Obelisc Porteño .
B if vsitrs want something ore than a typical souvenir , tey can visit canteens or a bar whe tango sho are pt on nd te tei ow picure or evn uy a CD with the traditional music of Bunos Ares .
There are also plae wee people can b the typical cloes ; dk dreses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
Even if you just wa to go hopping o lotes , ere are so ma plac you cn go . Palermo is kown as a little New York r the designers and well - known rand , and technology is lcted in Rcleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also kown as he Pari of America , gves all vsitors te opportunity to me Argentinia trition in just one city that incldes the isory and t culture of the cuntr .
onteedra on i wy to becoming a gree town .
Pontevedra as been oe of e most polluted owns in Galcia for mny years .
We had to fatoies and a great numbr of trafic probes .
We did not even know wt to do wih our garbage .
Fnaly , we polluted our ivrs .
First of all , let me tel you , tere hs ben a gat change in people 's mids .
We ought t factres er good bause they aloed a geat number of people to rk here .
atr , we realied the factories ould be moved elsewhre .
We started to appreciate t advantages of walng .
Last but nt least , we so becae pud of o beautiful rivers .
Wn the new myr arrived , he decided to mov the traffic away from the it cenre .
At th beginning , this was a vey controversial decision .
Later , he lo ordered us to clean our wet zones to .
Fnally , he h championed moving Celulosa 's factory to a safe place .
Pontevedra is goig reenr .
We have suffred like very other iy during hse difiult yas .
Neveteless , or passo is still strong .
We wn to move te last factory away from the rvr .
Athoug we have me gret strides , there r still a lo of this to do .
In man contres , it 's consiered ht relatives are the loe fmiy and te only people with wom an individul can be ju the y he is .
Thi poin of iw is based on , for example , the fa th you shre an imortant ond wt yor family or that you know eerythin about sme members , lke ou cosns and they know everything aout you .
aybe mst of us have spent ou childod wt u cosins and they wee or best friends for ags .
Siblings are another stron point to supprt th stement .
It 's usul to hear that is ki of bond is the strongest insd a family , cause everybody thinks ht iblings re e ny ones wom yo a rely on , espite the fct tht it 's not alwas true .
I shuld talk in the third erso , because I do n't have any brothers or ssters , b I do have close coins .
In my case , this roe is layed by them .
On the oter hand , we can find arguments aginst thi statement .
F example , the debat abut t statemnt tt you cn ot choose your family , but you an cose our friends .
Thus , it fits efectly or tho pepl w av a bad reltionhip wh hei familes .
Ty have to ok for the neds provided by e faily in her peop who they cn trust .
In concluion , rm my point of view , it 's tre that it is less probable to fn negative feelings iside he famly , like envy , refuse or hte .
So , if y tell a secret to yo sstr or your cusin , it 's almost obvio ta hey are n't gon to sprea it .
Ev if you look for good advice , sme members of your famiy col help you frm he her .
But , amily does no aways guarantee thee functions , ad neither do friend .
However , friend can be like a family nd fuli all these functio , too .
Therefore , I old just like to remark that fmly does not mean relative , ut tos people with who ou c feel at hoe .
Tht is , in y lce , suddenly you could ind soeone who could bcoe your closes rlatve .
I decde to ae a class at Liceo Oberdan to visit the Mramare harbor reserve .
It is a lovey place nt f om or school , n I think it 's iterestin in his naturl aitat .
I decided to do ths , in accorin to the iology teaher .
During his year she had explaied the harbr world , in partcular e world of Mramae , ad I desribed the sme things from the gographial aspec .
I was st a it worried becuse hre are 28 studts in this class , u ty are very respctful and clever .
We tok the oca bus and we arrivd at this pace at en .
ere we ound so very expert guides who too us on a good tor around the rk and the haro reserve .
All t tudents wre interested in h information and tey aked for a lot of exlanation .
Duri this d , the students d t opportunity to her vy interesting things , but not in the same way as if ty we in a class during a traditional frontl lssn .
They had improved their knowedge by having experience of te fil .
I think tat t sudents il not frget ha they have lerne vry son .
In recent years , whether using the internet is beneficial or nt has never failed to attract people 's attntion .
Wile may people believe that the internet rings a vast mout of problems , such as a reducion in intraction betwen peole and ome ba informton sources , in contrast , I have a strong oinin ht the intrnet brings many me beneits than drawbacks .
Pele ould irst recognize that searching o informatin thes days is much oe cnvenient hn in the ast .
We ha to go to a library to sed a t of ime fiding informaton we neeed on the shelves before .
On the other hand , we can access the information with just a click nwaays .
Clary , e assessnt has become uch more efficient with computer and th interne .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of usin h iternet , is th vat amont of information contained on it .
Al e information in t world can emrge immediately atr a click .
Admttedly , some knowledge is nt acrate nd logical noug , t it still ofrs us mny other useful sources .
At the same tie , some sources conain pornography n violent information , which makes many people afraid of ing he internet to search f information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to store nd suply iformation which hoped to have more flows in e future .
I think one of the important hsorical lace in Japa is t Kiyomizu teple in Kyoto .
It is we - known as a vast bautifl Buddhist tmpl in Jap , and it 's so famous aong foregners .
Kiyomizu temp was built in the iddl of th Edo er .
It has five storeys d is e of th tallest hitorial buidigs in Kyoto .
Pele can see a rat Jpanese view fr there .
It is a grea an famous sightseeing pae and it is lo an important place fo Japanese cuture .
Kimizu temple was sed man tes as a background fr a o of Japanese novels , paintings and hisrical dams .
Artists think the op of te templ is god for creating a autiful , nervus mood in storis or paintings .
lso , h temple gave ie to a Japanese proverb , which is " el li fallg ro he o of Kiyomizu " .
It means " vey cared an nervous " , because the temple is ver tall and it giv people sch a feeling .
Dear Mr Bown ,
I am sening o usfl information bot pace of intrest in Katowice , whh o can hw to ou group .
I uld recommend one of the mos apeling scope , whh is situated in a really attractive part of my city .
Starting wt The Blue Palace , you n vit some oher ol buldngs .
Hi !
How are o ?
Las weeknd Fa celebrated hs birthday at his ontry hose .
He invid al of i friends .
A lot of people were plying in the swimming poo hn I arrived , n other peole ere eating Mexican fod .
Eerything a perfect n th weather was ho .
Nt week I am going to trw a similar party o my birhday .
It wo n't hve a wimmig pool , but it will have a barbecue .
u a invited , of corse .
Dear Sir or Mdm
I am writing in response to your advertisement whic was published in e oal nwpaper .
I would ike to apply f a b at a summer camp .
Curenty , I am studying Computer Scece at am Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am an enereic , creative and relibl perso .
I ave experience of rking with childe .
I worked at a nursery school in Lono last summer , hch led to h improvemet of my Enlis skills .
Thee I learned ow to work th young children .
I am also a ery creative peson , so I wl not ave any problems with organising aivities an competitions for children . I am a reliable perso ad I can ok nder pressure .
In addition , I am used to wrkig hrd , so I can also help in e ktche .
I am willing to larn e skills and develo my existing skls , so I will definitely be a sitable candidate for this jo .
I am enclosing my CV , wher you ca fin more dtals out my experience .
I look forard to hearin from o
Yous faithfully
Pit Sobczak
Dar Director ;
Hello , I a h job advertisement for the summer camp and I 'm really interested in working with yo .
In th st , I he done may summer camps for kids between 5 n 9 years old , so I already ha a lt of experience in this kind of j .
I am conscious of h essential eements yu eed to be familiar it he it mes to dealig with kids , such as , ptience , charisa , kindnes , emathy , c ; d I would be delighted to be part of ur te .
I realy hope ou onsder me as a good option for t o .
I 'll be happy to receive your aswer .
Sincerely ,
egina
Hi Shaon !
It 's nice to hear ro ou . As soon as you arriv the are some secure optin or you .
First of al , you an use a ta and gi he address you have to the drver , th is an expesie ( u ea ) option .
On te oter hand , yu have the ublic service called Metrobus , nd in thi case you will hop f he bs a fe times . he you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo statio ( C lin ) , en go to th lta station d wa to # 76 Acoe Street .
If ou love exrme trav , I rcommnd Mexico 's cty subway . It 's easy because there is a staio in ont of my house , so u ned to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova sation ( it 's imprtant to sy tt in the airport u have access to each ne of the optis ) .
If I were o , I would choose the subway becus t weher in Mexico is too h , so , I think you do n't an to feel he u afer your tiring trp .
If yu need more information abot it , ples call me when you arrive .
Best wishes .
Oar .
In he ast e years , razi has created a de range of govenmental rogrames .
Edcational n meical asitance , as el as iinfastruture improvements are some of h recent advanceents .
On of the best examples in educatin has ben a cholarshi programme called Scnce Wihot Borders .
It offrs tudnts a unique pportunity to study abra ad acquiring an internatoal standard qualification .
In addition to this , it provides thm wth access to the newest resarch developments .
As a onsequence of this investment , the stt is contribtig to t improvement of t careers of Brazilian proessionas .
On t ter hd , a problem coul stem from the lk of incentives r the nationwide eucational institutions .
This problem woud be te low level of the national eucaton .
Therefore , in order to voi giing rs to a further complications , the Brazilian authorities should bear in mnd the deveopmet of oh ntinal and international pogrammes .
As a result , quality woud be guranted .
Dear Sir / adam :
I am writing becus I recently a ur advertisement an I am inerested in it .
I ave some free months d I want to ern some money .
I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a vey energetc person , and I thnk that ths biliy is essential fo he job that you are eeking to ill .
Ather important apec is that I am a ood organizer and I am a god ta worker .
Another importan reason is tha I wt to he sme money f prsonal thigs .
F al he reasons that I have given you , I am sure that hi summer would be go r me , n or the Summer ap .
I tink tat it is a rely good option to gt experience n to do different and interesting tigs , lie organise sports activities and f activities for childen .
I enclo my personal contact informatio ad hpe or a poitive answer fr you .
Yours faithfly ,
Selne Porras .
Topic : A Horile Nihtmare
In the eeing , my clasmte honed me an si , " Ther is an exctin film on TV n ! "
He id n't mntin it was a horror movie .
hen I watched ntl the midl of the film , it a cay .
But I old n't find th remote control . I culd n't switch of t TV ad I watched h hle film .
I went to bed nd fl asleep .
A whl later , I disovered I s in a huge old museum .
There were a o of ncient thgs , such as cocks , cars , weapons .
hen , some skletons a dead people came out a chase me .
Fortunately , I got an old mahie g .
nd shot them ll de .
Bt I fell into a grae .
It as very dark .
I screamed my luns ou .
I wke up in ock .
Fially , my other comforted me d ge me a lass of warm milk .
e told me no to watch horor movies gan .
Dear all ,
I foun ur dvrtisement in he newspapr nd I am very interested in wokng in our summe cmp .
I ink I am th riht person for y .
My name is Mia a I am 25 yas old .
I am studying at the Czeh Agriculture Unersity in he final year .
I have aleady wokd in a similar position on a camp sevral times and looked after children age 8 - 12 .
I uully ayed games it th and taed to hm fr whole day .
In t evnings , we payd special games which we usually a not played beoe .
Becuse I wnt to improve my language sils , I wan to go ith you on a am .
I had tt the chldren who attend or camps ar frm all over he world .
My bggest rem is to speak Frenh fluently .
I am a er od hrd workr and I do o ve ny problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals fo e chldren n my colleagues .
I am looing frwad to yu epl .
ind egards .
Plan
1 ) tell Alison ha I 'm gld to help he .
2 ) explain which dishe Italians usually eat and at what tm of t day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi lisn , of cours I 'll help u .
I think it 's er interesting to discover w foreign eople sually eat .
It is another way to dscover a culture .
To star the dy , Italians generally hav a strong coffee an some bisit or a lice of bead .
It 's typical to eat pasta as a starer at lunch .
It is oked in diffeent as .
It is cmon to he ea as a mai couse .
To fnih unh in Italy , we eat fruit .
In my country we have inner lat as a rule .
It 's mor mmon to eat pizza .
We have it as a take away or we go to a pizzeria .
I hope ts infrmatio will be usef to o .
Tke care
Maurizio
About me
ello !
My name is Theodor orsberg and I am 13 years d .
I live in Stocksund with my mom , Anna - Krin , and in Djursholm wit my dad , Lukas , and my little brother onathn .
In my spare time , I like to lay ckey ad be with friends .
I play hockey lmost every day ad I lo it . I started to pl hockey whe I ws ine and a half , so I w not as god as evebody else , but that did t sop me .
I started to pay hoey when I w nine and a half , so I a ot as god as eerybody lse , but that did no op me .
I hav played a lot of other sport , lke Kate , Soccer , Tennis an indoor bany .
A lt of my cloe friends that I went to Stocund Skln ih and hat I played ocke ith ent to mskolan , but ha is a ltle bit too far away , so I dcded to go to Friberga intead .
I really lk the school and it is going well so far .
I ave always be reall good at nglish .
And I think that I am god at it because I wtch a ot of TV shos in nglish .
e thngs I ike the ost about mysf are probably my hai , leg , outh ad hands .
-THEDOR FOSBERG
Hav y ever been worried ta yu do n't he eough time to study in the da ?
Or maybe you do n't he a tudy pan that works ?
Well here are some advice and ideas ta hav worked fo me .
First of all , make a to - do list of l ou acivties and ouines .
Tha 's the easy part .
Do n't foget to recognise the mo activities an taks fr o .
It 's ver important , because if you do n't do that , it 'll nevr wo .
You hv to s a time to do your tasks .
F instance , we you say at university class or something lke ht , you shud remember ho mu time you hv to do it .
Finaly , it depends on what works fo you , because you ae to cnstanty remember the time that you do our tasks .
It was ate at night and Michael wet surrounded wh dp darknss to the edg of th fost .
h visbiliy ws very poor because the moon ws hiding bend ak rey shadows , u ichae went on emry .
Suddenly , a tubledow cottage emerged from the dakess .
Michael ook two little stes d heard h wail of h wnd .
Bu it ws n't the wd .
Someone w singing a sad song .
He fet a rage and a fear of iscovery . " hy is se singi ?
Is se mad ?
The Nazi coul be verywhere , " he hought , a unlock th dor th a little k .
" So th sngng !
" he whisped , " someoe might hear it . "
The he calmed down n to a little acke out of i poet ad put it on the loor .
Tere were tw slices of a bread and a little pple inside e packet .
He as starving mo ten ever sce he ad iden a ong Jish woa .
On the other hand , she was relaed to him by blod and hw could he s No ! when he came n begd him for he .
he sid nothing n made herelf invisible .
He entered and ecded tht he oud stay oer the night .
Michael closed te do n knew at ha moment he had made a mista .
el , sne my childhood I have always loved weapns . My ather gae me my first rile when I was 7 , bt it was n't until I was 15 that I fund my real passion , an it was rchery . Since tat day I am prd to say hat I am an ache , and ht rcher is my favorite sport .
I js love it when ou te or bow d prepare to shoot an arrw , and beor shooting it you are part of e bow , and yo fel that he bow is a prt of your boy . After that , when you shoot the row , you are be to see the curve ta it make befor hitting t trget . I would say ti is y I ove this sprt and wy I njo it so muc .
If I had the opportunit of giving om adce to a peson that is starting in is spo , I would tell him to no ge up , because this is n't an easy prt , a it is re mental than physical .
I thn ha you made a great choice by visiting Timisara .
One of the most eautiful places that you n visit in this town is th Romn - Catholic Cateral , located in Unir quare .
I shoud pesent a lttl bit of te history of it .
After more tn sevn hunded years , in 73 , the Rom Catholic ishp 's residence was moved rm Cenad to Timisoara , whre th first cathedral ecam he church of Jesu nks .
The deign of the current catedra ws realized in th baoue style of enna .
The cathedral a a heigt of 55 m. he atedral w raised to the rnk of ist church of Tmisoara by he empress Maa Tereza in 156 . Wt is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uerberger shwing aint Gheorghe riding and fighting wi the basilisk .
The visitors programme is from Moda to Sunday , from t o'lok a.m to six p.m. nd t phone number yu can call for oe inforation is 004021234568 .
PEOPLE 's VES WILL HANE RAMATICALL IN T NEXT 50 YEARS .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will fn in the ne 50 yas .
It will consider som relevant things which wll be compltely changed in e fuure , as wll as arguing a expliing the pros an cns of everything .
First of l , e of the biggest hanges in the medium tr will be transport .
Road tanspor as we now it nwadays will e ot .
Intead of it , imaginary road networks wll be bui in our air spac .
Furthmore , e evironment will suffer th terribl ffecs of our current lifestyle .
Consequetly , prtective clthe , which will be made with materials a NS technology , will be worn by e future populaton .
This will be so ecause of the pollution ad the raition that will eis d te increase in gloal warnng .
On the othr han , te benefits in health will be sigificnt .
In fa , he deelpment of diferent vaccines will mea at it will be ssible to e over a rat number of diases .
To sum up , it is ital tt , owadays , we tnk about our uure .
If we develop u different aras of knowledge , we ill ahive a better worl .
It is hg time we changed our lifetyle .
My idol a , is , and aways will be Justin Bieber .
I remember the first tie th I saw i vdeo . I did n't write his ls nae correctly d I could n't find him on Yoube .
It started when I ws 12 or 13 ears old , is music met everything to me .
He was always talking about flowing your dreams an ver iving up .
In 2014 , I me a couple fr One Directon called Larry Stylinson but ty col n't " ome out " ecuse of hir nagers .
I admre te ecause no mattr what their managers make tem go throug , te always ind a way to sow us how mch they love each other and hw much they nt to be re .
I really he in this " hius " , his is what they called thi brea , they ca be happy and sped im together without ake grlfriens , managers or t meia around them .
I want them to be happy .
Anywy , talking about Justin again , I 'm so poud of im , 2016 is hi ar an no ne can dny that .
Famous people lve in a copletely ifferent ay than ordnar eope .
It is believed they are etraordnary , perfect beautiful and inredily hpp like we e in tir photos in magazins and on TV .
Everybody ngs to be a well - know nd dmred peson leading a rch d carefee lf .
Unfortunately , in reaty it is n't so amazing as it seems to be .
hre are a lot of disadvantag to being a ta , which norml ople do n't reale . o exale , n hang a pivte life .
There a a lt of difernt viwpoints and I ould like to consider them .
Famous people aven't go private lives .
Almos teir every sert omes o an they ar still judged , criticised or mocked .
Journalists and paparazzi constantl follow them and tr to cat thm in a stupid situaton and enhance the te val of them .
Eveybody make mistakes , but their mistakes ae riten abou and known by soiet , which is ufair a harmfl .
hy deserve to have a norml life , have scets , a moment of peace without curisty around tem .
Bein all e time at the cenre of attntio is incredily overwhelming .
It ca lead to beg touchy and gloomy .
That is why a t of big name sfer frm depression or ven try to ta their le .
On he oter hand , his is the prie of celebrit and they should just roncile theselvs to hs .
Tey ave so much compared with ordinary pople . Tht 's wy I thnk it would be nfir if ty also hd a priat life .
People can not ae erything nd live as they want .
Th ought to appreciate wat they hae a sp complaining abu their life , because there are plenty of people , wo dram of being them .
Famous pole hv to consider how many umans suffer rom amne or wr very ad to earn the living .
They ave o got epensve cars , detached houses , they ca n't afrd to rvel ad thei only entrtainmnt is watching TV .
They shod remember hy r luck devils t , as ey often thin , victims .
To u up , it is ard to simp claim that famous pople esrve to av a private life nd to be left alone by paparazi .
Everyone , fom time to ti , ees a moment of pee to rla and rnew their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamd of ; it is normal that always in our lives omethin will nnoy us .
Famous people ave to notice how much he av , appreciat it and stp complainig about nt hvin a rivat lie , because it is not such a disaster as they often think .
Day by day , the powe of consumption ncreases more a ore ad o of h reas you can e this is in e taffic .
People who hve the rsources to buy or hire smething an r looking for convenice have a great desre to buy a car .
The oo qualy of pbli transportation ad the ak of opions like undrgrond nd tri , helps people choos to use a car .
These things make us think about whether pubic transport as a uture . After al , to do all the thigs you nee in our routine , lik to go to wr , to go shoppg or just to go out ith the family , it is ore convenient by car tn by u .
Crs nowadays ae technology th alos bth drivers and passener to hav a beter journey hil lstening to msic or using the interne wihout having to sed hours standing during h journey .
The governent eed to invest in bter condtions on public traspot , with more options o the tranportation of ciizens , in rdr to ak it easier to go fro ne place to another , and hade to choose betwe a car or a s .
Everything has two sids and the choce of transprtation is not an exceptin .
Peop have be debating aut whether t prive car or public ransport is the fit oice in recent year .
Whle easos a be gven to justify the latter , I am in favour of e former .
Firstly , ravelling by train , metro or bus can lad to he rduction of gasolie consmption .
As a resl , they offr low fares and play an important role in envirnmntal protection .
It wa repoted that or ne hunred kiloeters , each car consumed en to thirteen liters of gasoline , nd released a certain proportion of air pollutio .
Meanwhile , with te same amount of fu , a s carries fifty people , and en up to as high as hundreds of people with mss tansportation .
Secondly , it can no be dened that ravelling by car is cnvenient , but peopl ho agree with te ida point o that hih - qalit and modern ublc transport sh as the Shingasen in Japa or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
Tins or MRTs
c als satiy passeger o n not travel by plane d ned to ake long - disnce journeys .
There are soe places in deeloping countries , for exape , in emoe or highland area , were peole have not en a cr o man year . They hav no choice apart ro l bues to tavel .
In cocusion , pubic transportatio will still be the first choice of people in h fuure .
Nowadays , higher educaton is becoming more and mor necessary fo starin a ood carr .
Le 's consider the attitudes to education ad study in Russa d Australia .
There are some smilariies . Hwever , diffences in te ecational system caus differences in he attitude to education .
University education is valuble in Austria , just ke in ussia .
In general , most empoyer prefer plicants wh hve chieved an acadmic degree .
Tis attitude is quit simiar in many coutrie .
Durng u lt English sson we talked abut he future of pubi transport .
It was not an easy task to figure u if hee is a future or t .
The most important argumen w that travelling by car is muh moe convnint .
The at that u n tral anywhere at a time is undeniable .
If o want to buy some egetables for your diner , yo will have to it til he next tain rrive at ou staton .
u to the fact that r lifestyle is getting fastr , nobody will have the ie .
So , in te nar futre , there wi no longer be a use for public transport .
Michael w one of he geatest drive of all tim .
He starte his career when he a sixteen years ol through kart competitions .
Ater ony three years , he joined the Bnettn formula e te a two eas later he won his first dver hampionhip .
After winning another til , he sgnd a contrct wit the Ferri team .
At that point , s work beame very hd and srssful because , at that ti , rrari ws n't a ver od ca . In fc , at car as only abl to go st on traigt cicuts .
Michael owed his srength ad hs attention to detail , working ds a nigts with his engneer .
Thee yrs ater , after nense wo , Michael stated to ut his feet on te poium gan .
In 000 , he won h third driver chmpionshi wt errai d also n it consecutively fr three years .
Then Ferrari d Michael decide on a e cllaboration , so he greatest became a test drivr and tried to prove the car otsid of t ces .
In the meantime , his min always thought of Mercedes becaue of is youngest dreams .
Like every German , sce he was a young driver , he had dreamed of being a championship diver with the national car .
To summariz , he arranged a meeting with e had of Ferrari d the res bcause he woud like to annouce s defintive
retirement .
This , unfortunately , ws only an euse . He w nl prtending to retire as he had already sined a cntract to drve Mercedes .
At the end of the eetig , Michel lsed the do and kew at that moment he had ade a mistake .
So many people roud me think th spending community aes on ubli ranport makes no sene .
Tee people usually give aguents sh as tat t public transprt is neve on tie , or tha it is difficult to ge to your destinaton using it and without aving to take 3 differnt routs , or even tha public transport is not as suitable or a md - up short - notce ri as a rivat ar can be .
In my opnin , tese arguments deed on how efficienty designed the ublic transpot syste is , akin into account mber of rots , timetables , cost of the tickets ad facilities for users h use it frequently .
T bnefits tat a go pulic tansprt sste ives to h community are quie wll known : a significant reduction in pollutant gass , a hi decrease in noise pollion , as well as , as a csequence of avin fewe cars cirulting on our steet , an incres in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy ctivitis such as waking , runing or cycling .
l hee enefits will surly cotibute to a better fuure for all t habitants , so lt 's give public ransport a hance .
My town is cald Bra n it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
T city only began to take care of the enionment in he last ten ears when th studies created technoloie aimed at no causing pollutio .
In hs aea the are any field where wind turnes av ben uil to use the id and generate electrcty .
On he oof of th superrkets there are solar pnels and ty exploit the un to prodce energy .
These means of gerating renewable eery e better than he old methods because hey do n't pllute .
A surfaces are usd in te best a possible .
There are an geen rks whr yo can do sports and ote activies withou pollutig .
as a n't used ny me because ere are man lacs where y can rent a bicycle , a nturall , it is fre .
During the winter the means of traspot a efficient d n very expensive , so people an t use their cars .
The text discusses some inds of Asian ambo tat have a unique loweing a seeding cycle . hse cycls only haen at lon inervals an all the mmber of h species end to flower ad the ee at t se time .
n if we consider the seech where te woman said tht , at present , th phenomenon is a problm , beaus ths bambo is h main source of food for t Git Paa that sll lives in t jungle .
The Gin Pda is an endangered ecies . The pandas have to survive the hunters and e dstuction of their abitat by hmans .
Besides , when the bmboo flower and sed , tey die , so he new bamboos growin enouh to be eaten by the pandas takes a ng tie , and is fa forces the padas to moe to new laces in order to ook or od .
Thefore , the risks of th xtincion of t Giant Pana are real .
Dear Sir or adm ,
My name is Fabio Rendón a I am rom Spain .
I am on the point of inishin my Engineering degree in Miin ngineering , specializing in ergy , at Vigo University .
I am currently carrying out my inal Projet as ell as preparing f the irs Certificate Exam , plnned for July and June , respectively .
I ould love to iprov both my practical knoledge about renwable energies ad my Englsh levl , nd I rmly believe tht the Erasmus intershp programme could be the bt ption fo me to ahiee tes gls .
hus , the a of this letter is to expoe the possibility of gettig an internship at you cmany .
In hs programme , the tainee caris out ifferet tasks supervised by a company tutor an aso adved by a university tor .
The triee reeives a grant to hl to cve subsistnce cos , so t company is nt equire to pay him a saary .
Furthermore , as th programme is endorsed by t European Union , t tanee has accidnt and liability inurance .
As fo h duration , the internhi can lst from a mnimum of 2 onths up to 12 month , 3 months beg the period covered by the subsistence grant .
I will be completely availabe to do he internship om next September onwards .
I a asure o ha I will p all my effort into learing and making th ms of my stay at your company .
I hp o will cosder my application and lo forward to hearing from y .
Yours faihfuly ,
Fabio
Dea Jo , I do n't kw if your pl is a good ida .
Thes days Italy a quit a big problem with unemplment . It 's ery diffcut to find a job and ost eople fn jobs in supermarkets .
If ou want to tr , you cn s in some htel : u are a ative English speakr a you coul wlcom guests at he recetion .
I live in Valpolella , a aous regin for wi , ad I ave aleay oked in a four - sar hotel for hgh school .
It w a ood experience . h hotel ha every comfort you can imagine : a resaurnt , a spa , a ym , indor and outdoor swmming ols , a eauty center and a church .
The personnel ere n't so helpul , but luckily omeone av me soe dice , especially he portr , Artan .
He was friendly and ike Mtl Muic lie me , so we always talked about our favourite goups .
I do n't knw if he sill works ter , but I 'm sure that ou could find him a geat suppt .
Valpolicella has mny sihts at r worh eeig : firs of al is Lak Gard , a lake wth a famous pallc shae which divides three different egions ( Venet , Trentino d Lmbardy ) .
Oland Duqu , it e desire to oe to the World Cp in 2017
Combian ecme te first dir to in a world u in h high - jump .
Oando Duque //e Bul
Orlando Dqu , the Colombian diver , wh is the ih - jm champin of t FNA World p 2014 , tate that since 2007 he s been hinkig about retirment eve though he eels h strength and desie to go to h orld Cup in 2017 in Guadalaara , México .
" I have ben thinking aot retirement sne 207 . I ha been lucky bcause I s injured an I got better " , sd Duque dung the press cnfrence of the World Seie that , hs ea , ill end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th Octor , afte the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who as br in Ca on September 11th 174 , tok a break in h career bcaus of an injr to his right leg in 2011 , n after at , he returned in 2013 with the oa of winning he arcelona World up and the FN World u .
" I turne 40 tree weeks a . I fee motiaed to trn , and while I have e motivaton I a cntinue ; o I do n't have an exact at ( … ) I just he set 27 in Guadalajara " , ad Duque , ho a h first porsman w wo a world championship in flls from height .
" umps have bee my lif , I have sent l my lie on jmps nd it motivats me to do it , I wn to contiu " , explained uque en he pointd ot th he still has sevea crew in hs riht anl ad he is still lakig completely recovery .
" h ent of the Natral Well of Ik l ( Yucatán ) of 20 was t lt n at I ttended before he accident ; now , I am geting over t accint and I el lie I am at 70 per ent " , explained t Colombian sportman who ntd down Fbruary 215 as t date to return .
The Colombian ig - jmpe presented in Mexico h one that will be te last stage of thi series which is prmoted by an ergy drink in the Natural ll Ik K , in the Mxican state of Yucatán .
The Natural Well Ik Kl , whih is located three kilometer aw rom t archeological zoe of Chichén Itza , wil be th fina one of the Jumps seasn , 2014 , and in ta seson Duque and the xican Jonathan aedes will ace ch ter in orde to be mog te top fv spos of the season .
The Britain Gary Hu has alreay secud he prize for tis sries and th second to six paces wl be disputd etween the Rusian Arte ilchnko , e Ameran Steen Bue , the Colombian uue , h ritain Blake Aldrige n the Mexican Paredes .
" The pln is to win is copetition becau I lway compee to in .
I am in fourth place , but we ar as close to the second as to the fourh ( in points ) so , the da is ump ver wel een tough the Natura Wel is difficl becse it is rk " , explaine Dque about i lan fo he event in he Ik kl on 17th and 8th October .
In h n 's test , the high - jumpes re thrwn into the atr from a hight of 27 metrs , whereas in th women 's competition e launch a is lacd at 20 eters .
My favorite spor is running .
Y may s why , of l h possible activitie , this n was chosen .
Of course , I do not con running indoors , ut ly outdoors , whie the reze is lowig in o 's face during the xerise .
Tha is what I call a good activity .
There is nt exactl a bad y for runnng , because even rainy day are excellent for a ood un .
If one has snny ad windy weather , it is nce because te sun wrms one up a the wind helps keep oe fres .
On th other hn , if it is aiy , the old atr cools o down and aes one ee ess tired during on 's time running .
This is my favorite spor because it improves my health in many ways nd osts h immune system and quality of life .
T first mes may be ha , in th they reuire training a sedenry person does o hve .
Thee can be ome in and alot everybody becomes relly exhausted at the begining .
After the first trial , however , provements ar soon notcd a the results coe quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and uet sleep , a an unmistakable sse of wel - being .
It vn hps reduce your bly !
Despite bein a common a eas to do activity , running ned some car to prevent injuries an ote disurbnces as ell .
Efficiet sweat expellr socks ep one reduce discomfort nd eep one 's feet at a nice temperature .
Notthstanding , a formdale par of running sos mks a huge diferece if one pns to kep practising te sport for a long period .
Go to a doctor , s him to analyse h type of step to make up wih ideal footwear .
This way , ere wi be less truble hn doing the xercie .
I must say ta , as a runner , I do n regt it at an tie .
Anybod can do it , it is prctical and simple , and gols can be set in accordnce wh the pson 's ees and limitations .
Do o hestate to go out and try it t !
Take tht air of sneakers d go or it !
I awys considered foobll as art .
It oe not matte ho ha the payes try to win , he ol tin that matters is he resut .
Players must be conidered as a painter working on a pec of r .
Only the esuts wi be recognized at the end .
It 's ot he effor they he applied or l the hopes they had .
Their expecaions will be considered usess .
People do n't stare at a aiting in a msum thinkig how ha t artist trie to do a good job , th wil judge on it .
Do ey ik it or not ?
h crowd in the stadium only wants their team to in .
ter tt , if te played a good game it wil be a plus .
Everything after a successful resl wll be a ps .
So , if soeone is ve wonering to whethe start playng tis por , ty should be aware that ots of pple ll be expecting tm to n .
I would rcommend them to always reemer that , so if things do n't turn out as hey expecte , ey wo n't feel disaponted .
It 's l pt of the game .
We e people d all of us must have a priate li , ncluding celebrities .
There is a great nuber of politians and film sars ho are followe by paparazzi h a trying to ind ut me aou thei pivate life .
I gee that ilm star and amos politician mu av eir free time bcase thy ar working for people everyday .
They us have som ree ime to ave a ret without being se .
It is quite hard to hae a rest hen jounalists a tryin to fnd out some exitin things out your private lie .
On h other ad , famous poliician and fl stars have hosen such a lf .
It is a part of ther everyday lfe , they e used to bei in ubic and they ae used to saying omethig bout themselves on mera , so everyone will knw abt their life .
Thre are soe momets hn clebrities need some time to be with their fmilies d friends a jornlists mst o disturb such moments .
Evryody mst hae free tme to themseves .
Hey Jo !
How are you ?
od to hea from ou .
You want to come to Spai ? ou shol !
There ar a t of hings to vit re .
ou culd do a tour of all h ciie of Span ' o eery one as something spcal tha yu us se .
Startng from e t , ike Bilo or Asturias .
You could do ht and ten , finish in Barcelona , where I ie .
ere I cod be your tour uide n show ou h best of the city .
Filly , if you wn to find a ob for three mths , Barcelona is a good coice to stay in .
There are a t of places where yu could work for a hor perod of time . ing a waitress or something like th is well ad n not so diffult to do .
Hpe that you follow my ideas and y like Spain .
e you soon !
Valer
In the mder world , a company which s excellent stff is mor competitive , and hese empoyees are uualy moivate .
Therefor , good ladrs shold no how to motivate tei staff .
It is clear tt staff wld spe more time on their task if ey wre motivaed by ter boss , whil unmotivated emploees e more likely to put les ffort int thi jos .
Generally speaking , here are two basic employee motivation methods : rewards involving one and nn - financial rewards .
Many leaders believe that ney is h bes . However , fom my wn ersective , the o - finanil rewards r the best apprach to motivating employees and I wll prove my opinion in this ssay .
I a nve be very rigtened ntl n day when something strange hapened .
On night , I was talking wit my sister about he la trip around Europe . H bet friend , ichael , a also there .
My sister claimed that on he ip , se had en completely astoundig buildings , t while she was taking , we heard a ery loud scream .
We did n't kno what to do , so we only exchged glances , ten we decided to go ot and see ht had happend .
Outde , it w gettin very cold and h sky a dark , so we coul n't e anything bu , nevertheless , we contind walking through the tree , en suddenly we sa a ry big shdow in font of us .
At tat moment we started to run , ecept Michael .
When we go into te house , my sister and I realize that ihael s n't hee .
We were very surprised and scard at the same time .
n an I decided to go outside to look for Michael . Whn we we out , he was in frt of e houe , making strange sunds . When he w us , he smiled at us in a malevoent way , te made us go bak insie .
Michael osed t door and knew at that momnt he hd de a mista .
My favorite spt is basketball .
I have numerous rason wy I chooe this sport as my favorite .
On reas w I love his particular sprt is becau it 's bsed on cooperaion .
or exape , if you play basketall an the bl is assd regulay , then your team is mo likely to win because passes cause confusion n exhaustion or e opposing team .
My advie to anyone wo is sarting this sort is to smply have n .
On the other nd , if he chooses to play professionally , then he mu try hard .
Regular exrcise is potentional so tht he / she n build up strength and edurace .
To conclude , I hope my advice ill be hepul o e beginner in this spr .
One of my faourie restaurants is n located in a delightful town caled Ubeda .
T hle town is gorgeous and you seem to be in anothe ra .
Th restaurant s a very haracterful deoraion indeed , becase yo seem to be inide a tain .
Hwevr , the mst impressive thing is the range of flavours tha xplde nsid your muth .
My favourite one is a golden eg ade of liver .
The connection bewee quality and price is lenty balanced .
In fact , here a lwys lt of eople every day , so I recommend bookng at eat o we efor going .
I know from persoal experience that it is worh tasting t gouet sampling meu .
I reay tnk it is suitable for he class , bcause eah one of us could know in avace o much we would pay to t there an , besides , we could taste the ain coures of hi restaurant .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutly se this would be the best opin for u class .
I'VE NVER BEEN SO THRILE
I 'm ot a grea an of fims based on fictional , unealstic facts and events .
I have awys preferred to elx during so series or soap opera , bu afer aching ' Flushed ' , I changed my point of viw .
If o haven't en it ye , after rading this shor text , you 'll go to the cine if yu ly hve a hance .
THE BRH OF A N ST
I guess that the name nn Smith tlls ou nothn .
And tht 's obvious ecase it 's the firs serious productio by tis young , promisng director , whse ' Fuhed " ecame a worldwide hit .
It is said that a well - knon cast enabled he to be highly grante r her pece , but I hav se dubt bout tat .
THE STREGT OF SPECIAL EFECT
And ta 's h I in th moe so exciting .
An enormous number of additioal attracion r viewers provied me wih unforgettable feelings .
Evrythng came us a surprise and you i n't xpect th ts or tht action wul tke plae .
Te movie reqires us to be highly concentrted on wt is going on and I fin that to be one of the most conceiving factors for hose wh til have some objections .
h directr gives a chance to braden our ind an to com up with our own conclusion or maybe an imaginable enig to t gipping tor .
RECMENDATONS
F me ther is no better vie to be preseted in ur club .
Tain into consideration our interest in te fie of thrillers , under no crcumstances should we miss it !
Th profl of millions of recent gaduate nd profesionl pope in Spain is one of a young persn , el prepared a without work who is thinking of going abroad as a od chae to get a job .
Workig arod can ofe you a good opportunity . Maybe it wou ner happen in your own conty instead .
Furthemore , as is well known , salarie are higher in oter Euoean countries tha in Spain , so ou living standard ay improve h same as your aeer path .
On the ohe hnd , going abroad thout your faily iht be a realy bad experience , becase you may really miss em , maybe because you ae not able to sit them as much as ou c e to iing far way fro home .
Te eaher m be a disadvantage , as ell .
For xaple , if you go to ork in Enlad , you can a goodbye to th brgh and sunny Spnsh days and sy a bi elcme to the rightful English wther and depressin .
To sum up , h disadvantages of gng abroad re greater than e avantages , but every cloud has a silve inng .
aye , man people who ve sudie did it to ge a jo opportunity in thr own country , but that 's lie .
All Abu me
Hi ! My name is Ester . I a born in Danderyd and
I ave t movd since the .
I hv got on sister . h is 15 years old nd her name is Ti . She also goes to Fribergaskolan .
I also ve a little rabbi who is clled Frippe . He is so cute an cddl .
Bu my dream is to own a horse because I love idin .
On
Fridays a Saturdays I go riding at the idig center
called " Djursolms ridskla " an on Sndys I ofte go
to my " aer horse " . It 's ike yor own hoe fr a d ( or mre ) in the wk and mine is on Saturay .
My carer horse is named Wiggins , b he 's lled Vgg .
Viggo is a fily smal , black pony .
He 's a little i lazy but he lvs to run fa , so he is ay in a smart a .
I love him and I hope he loves me bc .
Whe I was eight years old , I visited Thailand . It was wonderful and we stayed at a otl so cos to the beh I could nerl touch he sand fom th pool .
We de on Asian lephnts and died in th ater .
n day we wn u to three diferent ilans in a diving group .
Oe of the islands was a cave and you had to swam into it . It s very beautiful .
hen we re in Taiand , we saw many different anias ; everything from b leguans to ranbow fishe an eadl sea - snakes .
Ever year at the spt - vaccination me , my o and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in t Alps . It 's wonderful and really u .
We hae never ee a marmo , but I so wn to .
We hae een to Capéry a couple of times .
In Champéry you can si over to France , wich is awesome .
We have also ben to Verbier . I loe the cabn we set in there .
It w er bg but was co at th same ie .
Three wors that describe me bet ae , erhap , anima lovr , happy and a perfectionist .
It 's ad to sy something ik tha about yourel .
A weakness I wol like to overcome is that I often tink or say " I ll do that lat " and nve do it or a the same thing when it 's te to do it .
Th is really annoyin o my m and other .
I like food , especially talian ood . It is my fvoite fod to t .
And of l Itaian food I lke pizza ( thin with tun ) or me dicious past the ot .
My favorite reaurant is " La Piza " in Djurholm d it is , of course , Itali . I have actually en to Italy tie , to Rome d Forece n to a small town naed Lucignano in t countrysid .
I thk ta 's my favorit country too .
Whn we were tre last summer , I saw an endangered d rare bird which is calld a Hoopoe .
It wa bautifl ad a lie a mohawk of oang ethers on its ead .
I ik to read too . My favorite yp of book is horse books or jst random books . It 's hd to explai , but I mea books wth evryda ation not scinc - ition or romae .
ome of the ook I like ae " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and wee riten by Emmy Abahason . I thnk h is a ery goo auhor . Another uthor I like is John Byne who wrote " Th Terible Thing ha Happened to Banby Brocket " .
Right now I am radig a book called " The Mz rnner " . It is very exciing .
Wn I grow up I want to be a et . It wud be a dream come rue o me . I ho I will go to oer countries , lie ustrali , and work ther as a e for a cuple of years . I ave nevr been scred of lood or anything li tht , and I woul love to av a job I think is fun ifetime ot .
Anthr drem job f me would be at - director .
I love to design presettions and edit thigs on he computer , bt also in real life , like my room , cli - r and moe .
Parko is a discilie in which the mi purpose is to tin our bod and nd to be abe to pas through a point A to int B , in n ki of environment , the safest and fastest way , without causin ny hm to your boy .
Parkour a developed in Lisses , ance , round the 198 's .
ne of the foundations used to devlop Parkour was the Natura Meth , crate by Georges Hébert .
Basically , e method is bsed on developing the main foundation of movement of the umn body . These are : sm , n , walk , jm , qadruped moeent , clim , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
aimond Bell s a fomr Vetnam soldie d worked as a fireman in h French ay .
He a a great bakround in gymnastis and , fro a eenager , he ed to do a t of exercises .
Th roots of Parkour were developd by m n he tght sm Parur tecniques to the fremen ho he ed to wrk wth .
His o , David Blle , ws taugh some of the founations of Pkour too .
David and a goup of friends tried to adapt tis techniqes to the urban nvironment , an then te current Parkour was born .
Sme people say that Davi created Parkou bt , in fat , hi father developed all the dea of the disciline .
avi adapted it to the urban environmnt and creatd new move .
Parkour is n't jt a hysical dscipline , there is also the philosophical pat . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phase from th Natural Method ) , evelop you ody and mind so that , in a daerous siation , y will be ab to ave yourself ad other peple , a so on .
Therefore , it is due to its plosophy nd the joy tha I fe bore , during nd afte a raining session , that Pakour is my avoite sport .
Nowadays , our soiey h become very lzy due to he ue of the c or the motorbike .
There are fer pole who use publ transport in the cit beaue thy prefer travellin by r athr tn on public transport .
F ths reason , th ue of pulic rasport is going dow , nd some eperts s tat there is no future for publi transport .
r a t of people , travelling in yor wn car is ore comfortable han travelling by pbic tranprt lie buses or the metro , because you do ot depend on a scedule , which is very common whe y take public trnsport .
In additio , when you travel in your own cr , o sv a o of time during the journey .
Hwever , pbic tansport also has dvantages .
On the on hand , plic trnport help you avod wating mne , bcase the ric of e tcet is nt ery epensive .
On the other and , travellin by mer or bu polles ess tn gig by car .
h easo is tht when yo us a a , ou normally go on your o and we you ravl by metro or bus , a l of people travel at the sme time as you .
In my pnion , ere are mor people who travel by cr ery ay , ee for short joneys .
For me , pple ae ecoe ery lazy and ey prefer the car rathe than pubi transport , because you cn take e cr when o want and go here you ant wthout spending hours waitng for te us .
he consequence of thi is tht , in te nea future , pulic transport wil disappa .
e company ensures e quaity of wae from prouctio to distributon .
The poduc ill be registred wi the Minitr of Health a Si Lanka Standards Associatn ad adhe to hei rules and rguations for poduction , strage and distibtion .
We will ot compromise te quality of t prodution roess or the prdut in y w .
h company will ensure o egativ environmental impact due to t production process .
h cmpny will t the retail rice at he sm as other bottld wae product on th market .
t we wl give a od price to retailers an hotels to sell our proucts more in arket .
The direct splies to offices , households and hotls wil also be given a oo price fr the delivery service .
We wil ren wae dispensers with a maintenance service to required custoers in future to attract moe customers .
During the last cntury , o way of life ha haned completely , even in vilags .
For example , cars are the main knd of trnsport . Because of thi , mos familie have more han one .
Howver , hnges always hve a negative ide .
Accorng to the latest studies , pollution as increased his yr in he biggest ities wreas it has gone down in villages .
On the her hand , cits are more wrrie abou ow to recycle thir rubbsh ha vilges .
To reslve this prble , my ville has created a plan to teach s population how important it is to tk care of h environment and how to do it .
Fr this reaso , we ae new containers to seprate l ubbish : we hav to throw away ottles , cans and cartons into the yellow n ; ape and cadboad go in the blue b an thee is anther one f glass .
Food and other thng a trown into h gren container .
Te council also hs u oer one unded bins around h village to kp u strets clea .
At schol , chldren re learning h to se es water or electricity at oe .
Tun f the lghts whn u leav a ro and do not aste water while you e brushing your teeth e soe of the advice .
I hope thes simple actions can be use by other peope beause e evionment needs us to work together for a better orld .
Lt me intrduce our city curioity .
u town is ofen connected th Tomáš Baťa .
He ade o ow well known and he hd a ho factory built ee .
he name of he factory is Baťa .
w interesting !
Anyway , he bul a kyscrape , wich is called 21 .
Ad hat is side tat building ?
Ther re oe offices .
t tha 's not h most teresting thing !
omáš Baťa hd s o ofce , ut do u knw what is a ltle bit strange ?
Hs office is bil as a ft !
u tht 's great !
He had to sprvise s employees and hs y did n't ak him so much time .
ut that 's nt all ...
When y e to the la flor , there 's a larg terrce n cafe .
u can see a beutiful panorama of our tow .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
You can have a delcous coffee , tea or cak n yo can adir the beauty .
It may not be your cup of te , but I think it 's he most interesting ad beautiful place in r own . I 'm looking forward to seeing u !
When visiting Copenagen durig smmr me , hee is a hg vriety of shops ad restaurants that il give u a sns of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Start your a by joining the any jogers along the ct lkes . Thee is a mall cf , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you a grb a ffee to - go and eny the morning sun on on of the ma benches oking out on to h lakes an ny brds .
Afterwrds , take e brdg ove the lakes and njoy a full da of shopping .
ining the streets ar small second - hand shops , caf , markets a boutiques tat are viitd by h loa people dail .
If yo et tired of wanderng the streets , he you cn alays ene t big shopping soe , Magasin , or more idoor shopping .
The shops cle at between i n igh o'ock in the evening .
When y re tred of shopping , ak t bu to te West Sie of openhagen whe thre is a ast chice of restaurants ; evething from Italian to Chinese to Dish cuisi .
If you ke an evenng strll or a igh out , wl through Istedgae for a glimp of t old Copenhage and the niglife it offers .
Do we ne fasho ?
Fasion is a opula opi .
We all war clothes , do n't we ?
Ad most peple thik aou what tey wa , alhogh some do n't care aout thr clothing .
What happens when we al js he to ear the sam clothes ?
Do we really need fashion ?
I talked about this tpic wi a ew other stdents and ake te what there opinion ws .
In e following paragraps I 'll tell y hat th told me .
The first question we discssed was : ' Doe it exit just to ke money for clohig designers a manufactues ? '
hei oinions vried a bit here .
An argumnt some used was : ' In case we reovd hs wol industry , then tre would be a humongous group of peoe unemployed , n that would be a problem . '
Te other anwerd on his with e qestion : ' hen does a company start ming smethig just bcause he wnt someting to do ? '
This question made e other group think a bit , and the id agree that a compa ds n't just start making something to ae something to do .
This made tem all agree tt fashion is there for a reasn , ad no nl f money .
Next we talked about h following qustion : ' Does it have too uh effect on mdel ? ' They i n't he to tnk about thi opinio . he all drectly ai ' Yes ' .
They said tt if you aned to be a model , yu d to fit in a se of clothing which is reay mall .
There is an immnse group of girls wh relly want to be odels . Beause of the ac that they do n't ft into ti lohing yet , hey hae to lose weight .
A lot of girls are loing o mc weight rht te becaue tey wnt to be ' erfect ' , ad t anorei n those hing .
The next qusion which we tked about s : ' Does it hve too mch influece on young people ? '
He the all directly responded ith a ' yes ' too .
In their opinion , you people , iluding themselves , are ver bs with fasion a clothe .
An eaple on wch they al agred as : ' In case you us e you new ass , d u had to hoos ho y ha to i next to , most pple would sit next to the gr or y ith the trendy clothes ' .
om aid ht it even ppened tha eope just bought a partcular kn of cothing , just becue they thoght tey would have more frids then .
The next question w : ' oes it make society materalistic nd copetiive ? '
The students were a t uncertain but ared on th fa tht pople ho have stylish clhes are usually te most poulr .
And there r a lot of people wo wan to be popular , so they a going to y treny cohing .
The last and probbly the most dificult question we dscussed a : ' Does it afct the w you ress a the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
ey al sad it kind of d affect . them Hwever , te also oght cothes te iked .
I aked them h question : ' If yu lik a pice of lothing t your fiends did n't , woud yu then buy it ? '
They al said yes , but it a little doubt .
So , we do kind of need fsion .
But ho do we ecie on which cloths we wr ?
n do ou have to like your clthes or omeon else 's ?
Maybe we should ke in nd that we should ear lohes in wic we feel okay .
It was a lovely suny y .
I ha ben gardeni snce the beginnig of h morning , when the postman arrived .
At that moment , my dog as paing with a ball at was small nd geen .
The ostma took the letter frm hs bag , and hen , gav me h lete .
I was so suprised !
I a ot expecting a eters .
Suddenly , I el so rvous n I did ot ko why .
Ta ette has changed my whole lfe .
I totaly do not agre with te statent that tre is no future f public rasportation becuse of th exisenc of cars .
The gneral ublc re uin ublc transortation oe than before .
Stdets wo are n allowe to drive are still sig public transportation d te always wi do .
Moreover , the traffic in aea uch as downtown frces people to use pbic transportation ike trains , sice h trains ae fater .
Isrance is so expesiv in North Amria , ms househoders do not use a car bause of insurance , a also becase of added costs lik fixing t cars , caning car ol etc .
Furthermore , the government ar nhaning public transportation servcs . he ae roviding them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on blic tansportaion are less than the cost of driving a a h sae disance .
Finally , none will agu about h bnefit of uing as over public transpotaton , ut tha des n exclude public transportation .
Hi au ,
how are yu ? I hoe that everythi is al iht .
I am writing as I promised .
The concert was great !
he bet I 've eve een to .
Although I w watching it from backstage , the atmosphere ws the same as if I 'd been wathng it in front of e stage togeth wi other an .
There was a lt of ork during te coner preparaon .
We had to check if verythig a correct : sound , liht , specil effects .
Besis , we had to se if the band had verthing that they needed : ometing to at and to drik . I as responsile fr at .
It was t ardet tin !
I ad to stisf l of the whims of e srs .
It was an unforgettable experince . I wil nev forget it .
The opportunity to met my idols in rea lfe ws h ot ecitig .
I wil tell yo everthing when we meet !
us and kisses ,
Ania
LAI
Attached we retu to y tx of the doctoral tess of , dicted by Dr. , requesting ou to fill out he detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
We xplicily point out that thi eport is compulsory to proceed wih h ecessary arrangements for t depoit of he tsis .
If y he y incien on eceipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as son as possible .
Yours Sincery
T cation is wh we have wite or fr three log moths of had study , homework , tests nd mor .
Even hogh we ae fnishe the rm exams , hy oly gave us a eek free .
I dd not do evrythin I wanted because I as orce by my parets to go to Boquet .
T dy we finished ur last exam , I was not sure wa to do . First a friend was n talking to me , because soone told er a le , so we we to yogen fruz to talk , the I ent to the ym and wale to Gabo 's hous n he an 's .
Frm there we wet to th mal , ad inally , to Janca 's house .
Friday , I spe the y wth my mm nd ter I wn to a friend 's hous with Juaa , Olve , and ther .
Saturday , I eped a fien with hs party and ad 64 dolas .
Sunday , I wet to the all with he sme people .
The rop is named Hogwarts .
From Monday to Friday I a in
Boquete , where I did oting , and aturda I came back .
That nih , I went to Oz wit my friends ll 2 in the morning .
On the at d , I wen to Nashl 's pool ad ordered 50 chiken wings .
I dd not do muc .
The smmary of my vaatons is th the ie I spent with fiens I hd a good im , t wh I w with my family I got ored .
I do n't know if y emmber th Nastaran thng .
u h sme as I thogh yo 'd nev love me for a long time , if yo could er do it , I alwys thought ta Nastaran woul be the girl of my life , if hee wer any .
But I lost hr after a ittle kiss on the che on h irst at .
Of ouse , after tht I never hought that I eve had a chance .
But oce , one of er fiends tld me hat before the ks , everything was oing to be OK .
d I beleved he .
An snce then , it 's h most pain .
I knw it may seem ik a menness on e part .
Bu it s n't .
oight she got e admission fom rvard .
Since I ave a specif feeling no , I thuht of sharing it with you .
I miss sharing thin wit you .
And I used Englih 'cuse it wou be more spoiled in Farsi .
Belarus is ot a populr tourt destination nowadays , t a lot of eole would be surprised to fid the el medieval atmohere in Grodno , a western city of t country .
ounded in h 2th ctury , it came through a the important ents of Eastern Euopen history , fom the Tatar invasions to World War II , hih w a ea disaster .
To aient castles remind us of the tms of kings and obility , qiet peestrian street sho us life as if it cold be th 1800s .
Grdn is ituatd at h ossroads of great trading rutes , that 's why one a har Polis , Jesh , Germn , ad Lithuann there .
Its muti - ehnc population was he reson r oraising nd holdi th Festival of Natinl Cultures very two yers .
It 's worth visiting bcaus the trations of the ancient Belausian , aar , Russian , Jewish being shn make us feel history tself .
A city of diferent eligons , different nationalities and " talking tone " is waiting f you .
REPORT ON HOPPING FILITIES IN MY TOWN
e reason Lgo remais a mega cty is becue of i abundant tourist ceters .
The beatiul seaside ad atura games reserve , or zoo , make it very attractive to touris visitrs .
A pleasrble touris destination is o complete without a fascinating shopping cetr that has several facilities .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPN FAILITIES
There e lt of shoping center in my town ith their own unique charcteristics .
These include facilities lik ample arking lot with ery lw chrges or almost re of chrge , eevator systems to access any rea of the shopping mls if you a carrying vry heavy las of uchases , ad reaxaton spos like cinems and gaming centers fr kids .
In addition , most shopping alls do hv enough space for thei customers to moe around without getting any clustering of people , as this is a statutory requirent when ilding a shopping mall .
SHOPPING RECMMENDATIONS
As a matter of fact , ho - rite is oe of the best ples , in my opinion , tat I would dvse eole to vit .
Its products r ore interational and they ofr a lot of discounts to trist visitors .
Beides , this sp is not too f rom e famu naural games reserve in he Lekki area of Las .
Another shopping center is th magificent Las Island arke .
hi is where yu ll id seeral shops that sell ot African traditional artifacts .
I would advise tourists to y ts market a isi to enable them to ave coices of pricles oducts .
CONCLUSIO
I ope from t explanains , I have been able to convince you of my pinion of th shopping centes in my town and thir pssible falities , hich abound as o take your te in considering visitng them .
In developed cunties , fou wheels have gained a l of appreciatin in everyday tasportation .
In e capital cities of Europe one ca sily notice h any people prefer thir own ean instead of h pushig crowd on public transportation .
It is , oweer , well kow fter a plthoa of scientific publications that ars harm the envirnmnt dramatically .
On the other hand , morn citzen le to be pr of the green revolution a our aron ootprnt has an efec on eveyay deciin akin .
Many organizations and publi athorities encourage workers to use pulic ean of transport to and ro the wrkplace in order to minimize greenhouse gas missions and save naural resources .
As a result , before prvate transortaton reaches its pek o he 21 century , it is most roable that gee mobility wil oertake it nd dminat in peple 's choices .
There is a great ftre for public transport , e same as for ccing and travelling on fo , instead of cars and the polluting machines .
Dear arry ,
I have ut received your letter .
I 'm pretty excited abut beng in Londo frm he 11th .
I 'm arriving at the train station at 6 o'cloc in e morning .
Do n't worry about not recogising me bause I haven't changed a l in tw years , but , to reassure ou , I il be crring a bright orange suitcas .
I 'm looking forward to meting your family a , if we il be staying ith Eileen , I want to brin he something .
Wt cod it be ?
I would like to visit i Ben and many other plaes that you suggest , but I do n't really wt to see rdinry tourist shts , so if you could hw me something that t everyoe can find , I oud appreciate that .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Yors ,
n .
The bt plaes for oun pople to visit in N York ?
I am su it is an easy ak : here yo n isit many entertaining facilities wher yu a find technolgy or ulture , for example , a here are also ma placs to e , dance , etc .
h Statue of Liberty is by far h st famous building in the city .
The get view it poides is ncrdible .
Times Square is a go st r shping t , altoug the excessive amount of advertsin is a litle bt nnoying .
Finll , e Metropolitan Museum of Ar is a god place or eope who like history , anthropology an sing a lt of types of art .
Talking about plces to et or dance , near the Grand Station you can find he ' m Pang ' , a good place to e sndwiches .
Rearkaby , teenaer ike eang these and this is where you cn ind some of e best .
round Cenra Park , hre is one of my avourite bakeries : '
The Bouchon ' .
Many types of candy a kes a be fon here .
If you eed moe inforation , peae tell me .
Hve a god tri !
I entrly aee ith the stateen : travelling by ca is much mre conveient , because yo can go whrever you wt ithout waiing for a bus or tra at a bus stop or station .
I tink that travelling by c is also more inner and comfortale becase you only trvl with eople you know .
Talking bot ney , the ar is probably me convnent , eve if ou hae to pa fr fue , highway n evrything that is necsary for t maintenance of h car .
In ontrast , if you use pubi transort , you have to pay expense fres an u diferen tkets .
here is no future for pubic transpot because buses and trains are broken n diry and peol prefer to avd them .
So , people prefer travelling by their own means of transport instea of paing to tvel in a erible a .
On the the hand , if we do n't use public transport ad evey person uses a ar , pollution wil increase a lot .
We can lso sy hat with crs you have to find a pring space , so ou can waste ti an soetmes pay for ta .
Finay , we should use publi transport to reue pollution , but it sould be bter supvised a aintaind .
I agree wit the statement , that fous people deserv to have a rivate life wihout journalists following em all h ie .
Fame is a choce of ma people ; it ws their dram .
But it os n't mean they haven't go some rights to have private livs .
Many of them av got family membrs who do n't want to have athing in common with fe .
Usually , journalists as follow them l the me .
It 's vy important to remember if ou 're fams , you should prtect ou family .
Sometimes it happens that journalists wri some silly gosi about amou people which is ot tre .
It may be a daner for the amil of a celebrity , politiian , famous erso , and because of it oe could brek up .
But on h other hand , big famous is a free choie for many pepl .
Tey want to be rich an famous and they know that journalist ll folo thm .
But someties it de n't depend on us .
If y 're a queen , a mber of a royal family , frm your birth u 'll be bserve by e press and magazines .
It 's a price of bein famous .
Altough it es n't mean ht he press should write abut yur private life .
Public activity is e of e most important tigs .
In my oiion , e teleision hs an importan role in society because it can nfuence peole 's lives .
I men some peope wath television to entertain themselves but thers maybe watc it to lear a ew languge though t ifferent prgrams that televison offers or just se subtitles to make it simple .
A lot of iprtant news c be shon to pple aound he rld by TV .
It 's imprtan to kno what is hppning in te world , because it ca enrc yur knowledge culturally , poliially , ec .
Beids , you need to no if a conflict is developing at th moment or if a lot of erious situations are occurring in your counry .
Childre learn a lot of tins throuh crtoons , it can hep tm to iprove thi speaking an to learn w vcabulary .
he televison is one of the most important media .
So , for tht rason , I tik tlevision can enetain d alo eucat .
I 'd like to add that televson cn be t refge of a person if the 're a or a bak for smeon 's in their free tim .
Wachig TV n be funny n nice , but watching it in excess can be bad n ot healthy fr yu life .
I have always belived I n become an eineer a compte technician to invent moe tins since I was mal .
After I recved mre an or informtio abou soe sccessfl engieers an inventos such as Stv Jobs , I realizes tha , no atte h ou are ad o smrt you re , you can not lv without a halth oy .
Cosequentl , I believe pysical development is a necssty in secondary scoo lfe and I w so gateful to for providig me with opportunities to do etra - curricular activities .
I like the feeling of gtting weaty an have a gre passion r swmming .
Terefore , to keep my bdy healthy and my interest , I hae kept takig part in the School Aquathon sine I was in te secon o . I artiipate in th same evnts ec yea .
It alws me to know my body 's codition and whether I have rlapsd .
Besides , it ives me a moivation to tan hrde and ner think of iving up , and tht I nee to kep up my swimming trinin every year nd rminds me of the iportane of a halty body .
Als , uder te ash training , it trains my willpow and goal - settin .
I learnt how to s a ropr ol as it is a significant fatr in succes .
Ts ga pushes me to do better n better each time .
I realized hat ou will mae a concession if you do not improve after taing par in the chool Aqathon a saw others improve d nt just me .
I thnk learning nd trying different kid of thins cn chng my school life to ke it moe colorful .
Scol wr d examinations give me ug pressure , so I fond a ay to strke a blance wn I earnt to do windsurfing .
In my opinion , windsuring is special and indispensable to me .
When I step on the sf boar , all my veatio nd misgivigs ae gone .
On the recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joint chol wndsuring competition .
On tat day , I found something wrong wth my position on te esults board . I was shoced ad dcided to protest abot he wrondongs of the rc omittee .
Ater several meetings , I ot my position back and I ave learnt ha we shul believe in oureles .
so , I traine my bo and became more heath .
The hottest ssue noadys is glal warming .
Therefore I paid re attention to global wrmig n ways to al wit it .
It is part of my dream to make an invention to olve the problem in the future .
To find ot more information about having a gren lifestyle , I prticipated in t Gren & Organic Halt Run 23 .
Also , I earn communication skills with friends .
One of he purposes of is even is to encurage unnig to have a health lifestyle , so I gt a beer physical developme .
To have more different experiences , I av joined the " Daogue in the ark " exprienial exhibitio .
In the totaly dark environment , I eperiene th feelings of he visually iabled and the difficulties of tir lves .
After undergoing this experience , I can totally nderstand hei neds n I ot my ew ga of helng them in the future .
I hv g a greater passion fr engneerig so as to reate soe device to help them to have a mre comfortabe li .
Also , I have learnt communicaion skills thruh others nd am consideate .
Through this colorful scool li , I have ad different tpes of experience and I ve finally s my cree goal to becme an nineer or a compuer technician .
I think it is ot a good engineer who nl has sills in engineering .
Therefoe , I tink my experiece can tri me to be admied as a suitable candidate in engeering and I will wrk hrd to aciev my ol .
Peple differ from each other and eveyon has different professions .
Being a politician or a ilm str hav something in comm : thse people are amos .
Ad , as a drawback of being a celebrity , they ae folloe by paprzzi alos everywhere .
But do n't they deserv to hav a private ie ?
I think tat journalists soud remember aout the private life of famous pole , whh houd remain a scret for other people .
Ther re a lot of case where jurnalits make it difficult fo a celbrity to leave om pla because thee ere so mn of those journalists .
And r me people , it do n't really matter if it was found out that omeone wa in a bar , r example , as long as their films are reay oth watchng .
Beide , beig ollowed by unkon peoe must be quite a scry eerience .
Some people ould s th it 's necessary for orinry pple to now how a polician lives so hy a know if he shoul be trusted .
ha 's certain an mportnt thin for votes to kow .
But as f ilm sar , is it really necessary to know o exacly hy iv ?
Dea Principal ,
I am writing to joi an Engls ours at your school to improve my English and help me to find a job .
I ae bee learnig English r 10 yes .
In school , my fst langage a nglsh .
I can spak English wl ut not flently .
My listening is god and I cn unerstand .
I mk ots of gammatical misakes hen I am spakin ad writing .
I ike reading bok and travelin to different countris ad gettng to now thre culture .
I ha o children . They go to school . I would ke to joi an English core in te mning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I ant to start the crse as soon as posibl .
I look forward to ering fo y er soon . If you have any questons , you an mail or ntact me .
hank u ,
Yours Sincerely ,
irf
It is a fact that the public transpt is gtting orse year by year , espcally here in Peu . Hower , we hav to think abut e enefts that public transport as . For instance , it can be a cost - effective y to e to work . So , ill there be no lae o publ ransport in the future ?
Hundreds of eople take buse at ay ime , a one of e main reasons r this is hat tey have ot t tei own a .
As a result , not only is publc transpo an oion they ve , u it is as the ly option .
It 's known ha over the years he system has improved and new ean of ranspor have been offred , suh as trains d roleys , all of them th ust o objective : to ransort a ms of eole quickly .
On te other hand , h numer peol who c afford a car nd the co ht it inolvs s gn up over the last few yer , and one of the an reasons tey av a car is becaue of te cmfor . Alo , the cam that they can get to her wo faster than by publi trnsport .
Michael sa on the us and tok out i diary to calculat h much he would have to invest in the tennis urt .
A rl came n st on he ea ne to m .
e asked him hen th b w oin to epart but ichal replied tha he was as o aware of the departure time .
h bus started after af an or ad Mchae arted talking with h arent over the phne ad disussing his business .
T stange girl wh as siting next to hm w listening to uic and lookig outsi , trying to igre the details tha Michae w harin wit his parents .
It s a 13 our journey and te gr wante to lk with Michael n so she offeed hm chips , bt he efused .
After som ime , the bus stopped or 5 minute and Micha bught wo chocolates , chips an a soft drink and ffered her a chocolate .
The ir ccepted he chocolate with a smile a asked him where he as going ?
This is h they started their convrsaton nd , whil exchanging onversation , thy felt as if they ha nown eah otr for a lg time ... ey became attated to each oer and in t midst of tha they kissed ach oter and ev excanged poe numbe .
Ter bus wa about to eah their destinatio next mornng , so Micha oferd to drop er at home and he girl accepted with a smile .
At tha time , hy did n't feel like parting b they had to a Mcael dropped her oe and returned to his own hom .
After returning hm , Michael flahed back to wat he d on the bu .
Michl took a deep breath d lked at he do ta w still pn .
Michael closed the oo ad knew at tat moment he ad made a mitake .
Dar Sr ,
I am witng with regad to an dvetisement that appeared in th local newspaper recently .
Tis dvertisement sough a group of yun people to work in summer aps a ve the USA .
Firt of all , my nme is Lona ad I am twenty - tree years d and I am from Spain and I wold li to job in our summer cap because I cud impve my nglsh and ern money ; my Egish is ood becse all this ye I have en at an ngish acade to lean the languag and now I am going to tak another certificte . An as a result I il be able to communiat with children .
Secondly , as ar I sted in a beach sume camp d there were cildren aged 6 - 13 . My parner and I organse ater activities when te weather was god , . On te other hand , when e ether was bad we organised puzzl games , adventure ges , et .
Te advertisement entions wr in he kitchens . u summer camp was small becuse it a in a mal tow , so we had to cook children oo d I w le to do it without problems .
I lo forward to hearing yor response .
urs faithfully ,
Lorena .
Michale wil nve forge the da as on as he ive .
It was on Saturday morning at arond 10.30 .
He we to crch on that dy .
It w a Sevth Day Adventist curch , her the custom s to worship on Saturday .
He wa there not because he was a Chritan , t s pesence was beuse of a irl he a a crush on .
Honestly , as an eight - year - old boy ho new close to noting aout Chrisinity , his knoledg of Christiaity was low than that of a hree - yea - old child .
Anxiousness gt the better of hi as he rpared himself to ntr t sanctuary .
In his nd , the oy reson he was tre ws jt to see the rl he hd a crush on and to me some of her church friends .
T o had to ush himself and break the ice as te time wet by .
Uhhh , I am starting to gt lazy .
WHATTTT I MISSELLED MICHAEL ! ! Mihael closed th doo an knew at that ment he had md a mistake .
Public transport ans trveling around h wol n cties using trains , use , txis , airplanes etc .
Some years ago , peope elievd that privat ar would be the main vehices or getng rund , bt nowadays , due to e economic crisis , most people hae changed their minds . he belie tat public transport il be the main way to get arnd in the uure for any reasons .
First of all , tavelling by car is mor expensive tha travelling by plic tranport ; cars have to py for ga , insurance , repairs , evironment fees etc ; travlling by ublic transpt is more ecological a cheaer .
Secondly , peope who use public transport are safer than others wo e private cars if te drink re than usual d ive ter car ; hre e a lot of a accidents e to drivers bein druk .
Finally , hee are a lot fwer traffic jas if people ue public transot tan if hey use private as ; e developed coutries ve built a ubli trnsport system so as to voi trafic jams . Why r people not usng it ?
In conclusion , ublic trnspot wil not be affected by uig private car .
I strngly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be t man veicls for travelling around h world , safely a chaply .
Michael had just oen up . He elt a ltle bit thisty so he et to the ktchn fo fresh water .
He saw his brther watching TV as usual .
As he cod n't seep anmre , he got dressed d oo his brther to he park .
His mothr wod prably be working . e was a reltor and would be selln a house .
It w a wdy day so they ke ther jackets and sarvs on .
he Mihael nd his little roter , Jcksn , arrived at t ar , thy notie that hee was n't nbody aroud .
The pak s seae by green tape which aid " dner oe kep way " .
Suddenly two pepl drsed as atronauts were leaving the park d waned h yong bs to go to hei house a wai until this ufortunate event was oer .
m and Jck wr curious abt what h happened ut th did n't know ere to get answers .
While they were walking bc home , ey heard a journalist commting on hat incident ha happened in te park .
The ny thing ty col clearly ea w : - But his an ol be caued by containation , although tis win day hasn't helped .
Jackson stoped walking and was dstrated by a beautiful dog Micael coninued on s way , unaware tha ackson as n't following him .
Almost arrving at home and mulling over the thoughts , he drew his o conclusions as to what mih have happened .
nd he wanted to share them with jack , but ...
Michael closed he door nd kne at that moment he hd made a mistake .
Well , I tin wh this g is tryng to say is tt it de n't maer if you have thusans of friends on Faceook if y do n't en nw half of them .
What I think is stupid is ha most people usual id their fes behid the screen an no one wants to appreciate a sunny dy aymore !
What I disagree with in ti video is that he generalizes too mch .
I think it is cool to have a sial etwrk , and there is nothing rong with letting kd njoy the technlogy ht a become ar of o generation .
Hwever , they mut be supervised , specialy by their parents .
I believe h old values should be taugh to hilden in schools .
The thin nowadays is , if ou dsconect fro ll of the things we hv , peope make fun of u n s that u ar old or just do n't kn how to dal with th moden wrd .
Well , it is ossible actually , jt lik we di in the 199 .
I 've experienced tis , so that 's y I am sayin it .
The intrnet has caused me depression once . I fet relly alone and I used to be someone wo I a n't in real life , bu I leane how to deal with it .
I am afraid more people will go throgh he same tin .
Some people lke shopping .
Some peopl le soppin , d sme people can no le without shopping .
I am amon the fit type of people .
I le shopping .
I ae about ashion a little bit , so sometims I go on a hoppin spree and I spend a l of money in some clthes hop .
But sombody a to go with me , because it would be boing with nbod .
Shopping with someone oul be ret .
After tht , we ca go to a ce and have some ood coffee .
A lot of brands are generly oo .
Som brands r excellen and really ool in my city .
For exmpl H&M. It is a rlliant shop .
Thr ae a syes of lothes .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and , of course , accessories .
Everyone cn find teir own style , so I recommend it .
In the sumer ti , Milan offers a vrity of facilities and services , epecially for young pepl .
Visiting h centre of the ty is really fascinating : Piazz l uoo is n of the most evocative squar in Italy with the prticularity of the white marble facade of h Dome and its mulitde of spir .
he suroundings ar dedicted to fashi : u can nd the mot important shops for which Milan is known throughout the orl .
In the sm ae , people fte ha the chance to atnd ree oncers by Italian sngers and some foreign rtists .
The Sforzesco Castle is anohr suggestiv historc monment and e gre Smpione park is ne of the est places were eople can do sports or can attd a yoga class in t open ar .
Finally , peole an experence the Milanese nightlife in t area of the Navigli , wih is really crowded from 19:00 till ate .
er you an expeience te tyical Milnee aperitif , during which o ca ha a ocktai wie ating whatever you want and o c gt to know a t of youg peple .
Thriller name : iller shadow
h eviw :
Jak Pollard , a street fihter known as Cazy Dog , lives in dwntown LA .
He has enemies who want to kill h .
One night when he is alkng amlesly in a private ally , he sees a sadw wch gradually comes towards him .
At first , he des n't ar t uddenl he sees it in font of him ; an owner - ess show .
He turns hs head to find th ouce of the shadow but ca n't fin anyhing , so he feels ear but controls imself and yells : wo are y ?
y , if it 's a joke , stop it , it 's t fny .
Suenly , the shadow covers i an Crazy Dog flls on the ground and ds .
h police anonced checko is the murder motivation .
A detective nae ames eilly wants to find o te reason for the muder an to arrest t urerer .
He relizs Cray o killed an iocent man named Joe Mendez last year , but is body as o found .
In Mendez 's house in the suubs , Relly fids ome ol photos showing the quel of crimials .
Ty wer all tortred viciously befo deah .
It w arond 9 pm wen eill was tere .
Suddenly , he hears a weak vice whispering ; do n tr to tp t shadow , let it kill e criminals or you 'll de .
He checs everywhere u ca n't find nyone .
He sees a shdow outside of the hous and follows it until it stand at te end of a grveyard .
He go the and sees a le of garbage , quicly ruses it aside and es a hole in t round .
He go insid it and discvers a haf - decayed ody at its enez 's decription .
He understands that the shdow a h got of ende who wate to take revenge on Mendez 's urderer .
I think this thriller is exciting because it hows a ghost with t ablty to ll .
I tin sce ts ide is creative , peop wi like to wth it .
Alison ed t not , smiled , an immediately t on her coat .
S kw wha it meant . ason was liv .
Se kew hat he would be sayng aay f so log but she wold wait .
he loved h and no Wrl War ws le to sparate hm , becase sh was pregnt and his ab was coming . It wa a o nd his nam was oing to be ayor , js like Jso 's fahr .
Alison took a pe and a pice of pap and wrote an answer to Jason , as ft as s could , because the postman was laving in oe hou .
She was so excited and happy . h d n't ow wh s coud writ to her lover , she realised that he a aive so she jut wro ' Dear , please ake cr of yourself , we ill be here waiting fr o . I 'm pregant , it 's a b . If you let me chose , h name wll be ylor as ws your fath 's nae . I have always lved o an I alway ill . Do yor best , coe bck as soo as you can , bcaue I need you , love Alson ' .
She could n't to smiling because she h just relised that e would n't be alone anymore .
Introdctin
e puros of thi report is to scribe te shopping filities in Pmplona , and to outline soe recommended sops at might appeal to tourists ith differe interests .
Shopng aclities
As mgh have ben expected , a bi cit like Pmplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourists and residents going shopping .
Wihi t town centre itself there is a wi seletio of stos offering local rats , shion cothin , food or ie .
In addition , sverl car parks have space o 20 automobils nd are conveniently located in the centre with easy accs and cheap rat .
There is ls an extensve local bus etwok in der to provide servces to ll the suburbs aond e ciy .
Special shops
Althoug ost tourists come to Pamplona for he famous fstivl of " Bulls unnng on h street " , many beme passionate abu h cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a f shops uch as " LA VINOTEC " an " DELICIUS " e deicated to selling selected top wines a typcal food .
Both shops r locted in " Castillo Suare " a thei staff speak Engis .
Moreover , a store known as " KUUMUU " offers all kds of bull - related souvenirs and genine pieces ta xpain te Basue Country 's culture .
Recommedtions fo tourists
I woud stronly rcommend that any tourist , no matter the interests , shold isi h aforementoned pecial sos .
here is ltle oub that they will n only fn original products , but il also enri their minds .
Fmos eope sould realize that if hey try to gain fe al h im a waste their tme on it , they will not ve tir own private lfe .
But they re surprised .
In my pinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famo ey , probbly , wil be hased by paparazz .
On h othe hnd , tey e still normal peopl , who have families , patnrs an friends an they smetimes want to have a e private minut , wihot cameras , dia , newspapers , flashes and ptlights .
Pobabl , they wan to go on holidays wihou bei recogned by oher people , withot givin autoraphs a aving thei photo takn .
Moreove , fo ime to ime , they pefer to leave t hue wihou ak - up and batiful cltes .
What is more , I am sure tht most of them do it on purpose becau their main im is fame .
nd celebrities know well tht they he to be controvsial , cause that is the best wy to achive hir lovely fam .
So , ig names try to go somewhere withou uars , without mke - up to sow themselves , to ase some juicy gossp about th , to gn me in t easiest w .
To sum up , fame is ambivalent d peole wo nt to be famous should raize it bfoe becoming a sta .
ar Sir ,
I 'd ik to apply for the positi in your summer ap .
I und the advetiseent on ur website ad I 'm sue ta I 'm the pero you are looking or .
Although I 'm an Italan nati spake , I 've been studying Elish r even yars ; furthermore , lt umer I sen tw months in Philadelphia , so I can commuicate quite el in your language .
I 'm raly cheerful ad hardworking , and I have good mars for sport .
I link to a age in my school magazine where you ca fd my CV .
In aditin to tat , I love children d I sually look aftr four chldre , aed rom seven to elen , very Saturday .
As I eny cooking , I 'm also suitabe fr te rk in th itcens .
I have aved sme money to a for t a fare .
I live in Itly , so I ca n't asiy mee you for t interview , bu I oe we can mnage an interview on Skype in the nex f days .
I 'm available every afternoon frm 5 to 8 p.m. , he it is mrning in th A .
old you please anwer me wt an email ?
Thnk you fo considering my application .
Yours faithfll ,
Serena Palera
What is me ?
What is it like to be famous ?
w do amos eople fel and what do hy miss ?
Do they eerve ther priate lives ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely agree wh th statement .
Everyone desrves i ow rivcy , his on peace , time just r imself , and amous people do t .
I uderstnd , hey a ch , their live migh seem interesting , een mr nterestig than rs , b they are not so ifferen , hey are not bett than us , ordinary peole .
Many jornalist or photographers hin hn they write so gossi abot politicians or en they ke some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
t it 's o .
They m hurt tee eope . They may ruin their lives jus by using a bad wo .
It mut be really trssful when you ca n't go anywere without journalis fllowng you .
And also , it mus be relly unomfotable for friend or amly wo go ih yo .
It is a g suce of pressure .
Of course , me famous people might ike this feeling that they a so iked and favourite and those h do n't ik it have the possibility to protect their privy bette or moe or pretend that journasts fllowng tem do n't exst .
If I am honest , I have to ay , I ould not be famos if it ment I wud lose my lif .
I lke my stuent lf wihout follwes .
My twn is a very good twn f taing care of the environment .
My tow , Ciy X , is a very green city .
Oy ol ad good cars are allowed .
People will be ned if th tow garbg on the sreets .
Thi wn is a ve strict on .
r twn is ful of gren ants eeywhere : in te school playground , etween the roa and ay other places .
My tow oy uses electric cars because they do n't giv f carbon dioxide .
Smoking is not alowe .
Farting in the open air is not permitted .
Pastc substaces shuld be reused .
Plastic bags shld be bought in shops .
Mos people us lether or farc bags o heir everyday lfe .
Dogs r ao not allowed because they fart nd are t clean .
People wth dogs will be sentencd and wil sufr heavy consequences .
Peole who mok ill be jailed o 20 years .
Cit X hep eforstation in mny countri nd plaes uc as Bril , Java , Sumata , Peu , Guyana , French Guyaa , Surinam , Bolvia , Uruuay , Pragay , Colomb , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Innesia , Bali , Maaysia , Singapore , ndia , and many more .
Public ransport is going to fac a ue delie in e near future .
w technologies are hanging t way of thinking about prate cars in a w , uh safer d mo ecological ay .
On the on hand , pbic traspot is well nwn for t large number of benefits , like less pollutin and mre ecoomial spects .
Moreover , in large cowded ctie , usi the unergroud or bus is usuall a good way to vod traffic am , sang time nd stres for d drivers urng their ommues .
F that reon , enouragng te use of publc tansprt has been the mai ccern of mst modrn goverments .
On e othr hand , huge technological improvemens in a featre ke self - drving , electrical engis , solar pow d others , have created a new way of conceiving the wy we interac with ar .
Usually , cars need one hunred percen of ur attention during driving . This is a huge sadvantage of cars compared to pulc trnsport becaue we ae not bl to enjoy driving time by doing someting lse at he same time as we e driving .
However , that is really close to bing changed by Gole 's Self - Drv Cr , wch is a n technolgy able to drive a car to any destiation without uman intervention .
Furthermore , th car cold be empt nd go anywhere we cmand .
Tha exitng ew opens up a ne world of pssibilities for th u of crs .
For instnce , imagine gon to work nd ordring h ca to go to ak at home aft taking your chldre to school .
In addition , many other imrovements like electric engines from Tesla r adding ew beefits to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
To smmarise , as are oig to be so independent , ecological , cheap and intelligent that we il never tke public transport again .
My ne is Tove .
I lik to pay soce , dance ad ng . I lke to dance bcause I can do a little t of whatever I wa when I dace and only a few people jug me .
I like sigig because it can brin happiness .
I like to play socce ecaus I get to han t with friends an excise at the same ie .
My faorit food is sus , n my favorite dri is a pink drik wth pieappl in it . I lik suhi becuse it is fresh and swt ad , at the same time , it is sou .
The rink is so ood cause it s a t of sweet flavors and it a piapple in it .
I want a kitten but my mm is allergic , so we ca n't have on .
I s brn on July 2h 003 .
I have a rothr named Markus who wat to be a professional tennis player when he gets ler . He is 17 years old .
My om 's name is Katarina and he les to sng . She turns 50 ti ye .
Hr favorite fo is rab n her favorit drink is a good whte wine .
My dad 's name is Björn d he likes ang So Do nd swimming . He is 52 yers old .
H fvorie food is grilled tea .
er aul ,
we haven't seen each other for a wile , so yu do n't know much about me lately .
at month I was working at a concert by decoraing he stage and it seiously came ot betr than I expected it to .
Te blb were red ad h foor was covered in yell flowers .
Seems imle , b looks beatiful . Smetimes simplicity is the mos prect accesory .
I was happ heping thos people , becase mney fm the tickets a donated to a nrsin om .
Nowadays , people re more about themseles and doi good things is wrong for oe of hem !
I 'm sad en I ee a nursing hoe t , you know , there , people will ver ay whether he do a or god an , at the end of the a , hy will not care only about themslves d thir insecurity .
Being there is lik having yur own family .
I oe , in the nx projec you 'll be here helping us !
We ned mo caring people !
Da Jo ,
I am reall happy you wrote to me for soe advice d I am very honoured that you wn to spend ome time in my contr .
Now you hve got lt of fr tie nd I think ta ou must do a rall go tour of my country .
Firt , you have to decid if you wa to vsit te noh or e sou part of Italy , becus if u do a fl imersin ou of the etie Penisula ou will visit only half of l o hv to vist .
If you decide to visit the north prt , I think it would be goo if yo trted from Tento d it new museum of nature called Ms .
It is very beautiful because it is srucured ik a mountain ( nd so y a start from th tp floor and hn you go don , visiting oth flor ) .
he you must visit my city , Milan .
here o must e t cener of e ity becau we av the Dome ( he cathedra ) , e gallry near the Dome , the little hiddn church calle S.Satiro and , at te end , Sforza 's astl .
Then y must visit Venice , t city on te water where ever part of the cit is a litle treasure .
If you like Egyptian histoy , you c go to Turin , where you can fn a huge an beatiful useum of Ancient Egpt .
If you wt to vst the south prt of Italy , you ust srt yur rip om Florence , the birthplace of h culture . Then y must go down to om , the capital city of my country .
Ater you have se the Coliseum , the basiia of S.ter ad the Trevi founan , and so on , y st visi Nape .
In that wonderful ct , you must visi the statue of Jesus Chrst called " il Cristo vlao " made of marble , and then o us visit the centre of e ity , full of fantastic featurs th mae this city ealy special , ik Spaccaapli , Hide Napoli , S.Genao 's treasre , S.Seero Church a so on .
If you are a little bt tird of al ths tourig , u can go to Sicily , where a beauiful and peial andscae welcomes you .
There are lots of thngs to vsi in Sicil and th most important ities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
he ia of finding a b that ats three monts is geat .
I think yo could work as an entertainer in some ourist vllges arud the contry .
In that w , yo could impro your wy to make a relatonhip with people d it could also be a great help r you theatrical experience .
I know that you e a brlliant photogaper a that you want to improve your ability , so I think tht ou cod ta some photos during your rip and th you oul send them to me xperts .
Hnestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because yo haven't so much te ) but I know that soner or late tere wll be a phot evet ... It 's not much but you can start from there to let oth eople know about our talen .
I oe at my avce will help yo and I also hope that y av a grea tme in my ounry ! !
Let me kno if you noy your tour an ake lots of photos ( I want to s them soon )
os of ksses
rty
Nowaays , people have different viepoins about whether the principal ccern when coosing an occupation is salry .
Personally , I dsagree ih he view that mey is the mst ipotant consideration r choosing a job , ecause there are seerl equally mortant factos .
I beeve ha other onsderations e as iportant as oney .
Firstly , the core values a the reputation of the company a neessaril conered .
Workig in a opany whh is built on good core alues and has an excellent repuaton could asily brin fulfillment nd sstan pasion f yor job for a long te .
We would believe that this work is worth contributing to for life .
Secondly , th co - wrker relationhip a the atosphre in the workplace e extremely important wh choosing a o .
aing a kind bs or friendly colagues , for example , can bring wrkers a sens of belonging and enjoyet om orking , hence the quality of work may increas geaty .
Admittedly , money is necessary r peol 's dil ies , tisfying their basc ned .
F examle , e cost of food , drinks an cmmdities needs the suppor of a seay income .
Furthermore , we ma need much more money to do se activities , su as wordwid travel or camping for days .
In addition , in the fe - long considration , heah - care will be increasingly important with people getting older . ence avig enough money as a stab ncme can nt be disregarded .
In conclusion , hile salary sill las a ol nd certaily affects people 's choi of profession , I beleve tht mne does not outweigh all th other fator .
arate gave me a new puroe in life .
This is e reso h it is my favoite port .
There are various reasons why I am absoltely fascinated by hs martial t .
Behi eer single movement yu wl fd gracefulness and power .
On entering a class , u are be to fully conentrate on the sport .
There a ctain procedures at the beginning of a class hch encorge yu to empty you mind ad be ready for class .
Espcially in ou heic world , it is vry important to find yourself ad just listen to you bo .
As a matial aris , you art to achieve grat fites ad your balac wil improve a lot , as well as yor flexibility .
Man characteristics wll increase immensely , such as confidece , elf - defense or responsibility .
Y will nd ha you wil n ony benefit rm thoe in yr ormal if , bu lso in yr work .
Kaate can be started by anyone an at an age .
However , to see ny improvements u soul ttend regularly d at last twice a eek .
Only he does it start to be gret fun a you ctainly wl not rgret that you hav taken it up . Eno ! !
Dear Sir / Madam
I 'm wrting to rly to oe of yur dvertiseents published in the local newspaper at wek .
I mea , te " US Summer Cams " .
I 'm 31 years o , a I have h te prvlege of working as a eaher all my life , so I am an experiened persn capbl of takig cr of children .
D to my experience as a teacher , I am ure tat I wo n't have any difficulty with organising sort and inventing a ie range of activities in rer to entertain children .
As wll as akng part in ctivitis relating to cooking .
In addtion to th , I want to imrve my English hroug my wr a , in this way , be abl to teah th childre som bic skil in thi universal langag .
I woud be grteful if you oud snd me mo information about tis job and o cn et in touch wih me on 671234567 .
I look forward to hearng rom you so .
Yous fithfully
Hi An ,
I 'm so happy to hear fr o an pleased that yo 're coming .
I look orwrd to eeng you whe yo arrive hr .
Prsnally , I think the best mont to come to Itay is pril as h weher is temperae .
In my opnon , if you want to eet peole of ou age , I sugget gong to the most famous aes or plae in h city .
Ho abou ong out with me nd my frieds ?
We can meet each othe in h centre and then we ca vst the city all together .
Aprl is a ery nc month .
Although h weather ca change more easily , so you sold bring different kinds of clothes , bth heavy d ligt .
h perfect outfit mght be a pair of trousrs , a t - shit n a jackt .
Tnks a lot for your invitation nd if I ws n't so busy , I wul ravl around ith yo .
Anyway , I 'll wit fr a messae to ell me wn you re rriving .
Best wishes ,
uroa
Dr Sir / Mdam ,
I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel ls eek .
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with h facilities .
I am afrad to say t room was diy n untdy .
At nig , the nois was annoying . I was nt le to rest properly .
lo , the phone did nt work poperl , it was impossble to us it to ll te receptonist .
In adiion , th elevator w t of order .
Tee were six of us ro a school , ad we all gree the sa was unlasant .
In te e , to my surprise , t price w more expensive than I exectd as advertised on your weite .
It sees a a was the excuse , but in my pnion , hi was a tric .
I regret to nfrm you that if ou do not offer your apolgies an compensaton or all h disturbance cued to me , I will go to te authorities .
I lok forar to recevng a prompt rpy .
Yours faithfully ,
nge
l but me
Helo ! My ame is Em and I 'm 13 years o .
Now I am gng tl o se facts about myelf d my life .
I ws born here in Seden , atuall iht hr at Danderyds hopitl , bu I liv in the city back he .
hn I s about three ers old , we mved here , to Danderyd .
I ived in a yllw house , nt fa away from where I lie n ( probably just five mnutes ) until a ye ago , when we moved to a mch bigger houe .
I ie here with my wonderful famil conistng of my mm , Aylin , my a , m , my two really annoying brothr , as and Olier , and my two cs , Tig and Smill .
ans is 10 years old a Oliwer is 7 yars ld .
In e idde of t summer we alays go to Gotland d ay at a arm , in a litl use .
I go by cycle to " Friergaskolan " evey day , together ith my fiends Tla , Julia d Bianc .
I eally think it is a get school wit very nd teachers and students .
I ke to ance a o .
On Monday and Thursday , I anc at a dance - school here , los to " Mörby Centrum " , calld C - style .
I dance a ixture of street dae and show dance .
I also like riding hoss , whch is on of te things I often do he we are at Gotland , by h wy .
Rit now , I 'm actually on a riding course ery Suday .
We ar just hre irls , ad I think th kind of iding is so much mor un han ridin at a stable with big rops a so on .
I rall ike Spain . We ae been there , like , six tes nd the reso is that my a ha a projec there a sometimes he has to go there fo a week or less ad we ve the good orune to be able to join him .
I really like to t sushi and other sian fod , like noodles .
My favorite restaurant is a retaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm clled : " Nw eekig " . It 's an san bufft and they make e bet fo .
My favorite subject in shool is prbably Swedsh , Engls or Biology .
My vorite bok rght now is : " The Fault in ou Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is ad but a great story .
My favote movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because ty ae reall u movies with som sad moments .
In the holiay d afer hool , I 'm ftn with my friends and famiy .
I have a lot of friends in my new cla n I knew almost every oe of them in my ol schoo ( aled Kykskoln ) .
Oe of my other big hobbies is phtograhy .
I he got my ow camea . It 's a Cnon .
The biggest accdnt in my le a prbably when I wa three yrs old .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
I wanted to go t to her , so I oened h door on the wrn sid by putting my long fingr and in fing in the litle crevi .
Suddenly , a powerful wnd made te door bo up an squeeze my inge really hrd .
I screamed ad it tarted to bleed realy heaviy .
My fings were alost cut , off so my ad raped my fingers in a banag and we drove to the docto as fs as we could .
he d to sew my fner , but in te end , verthing went in .
A tda I have o normal fingers .
I li amals vr mch d I want to becoe a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animal in my le .
hree words that dscrib me et : cmitted , aimal lover , loyal riend .
These are he ost important facs abt me .
ma Öbe 7A3
I live in Camden .
In Cmdn , every block h hre or four containers to recycle paper , lastic , glas and ol clothes .
Also , every lt or house has a recycling a to reycle paper a a plastic container to reyle oganic aste .
Te couni ollects , oce a week , doo to dor , paper n rganc waste .
There ha bn an extnsive campaign to imi e amount of water ed to watr plants ad to wah cars .
Wht is mr , peope are encuaged to colet rn water to use for these activities .
Public transpo ha ee mae acessible by reducing the fars and mkin it fe for stdent .
Nowadays hre is a lt of informaion about halth , hvng god eating hbit , leeping h numb of hours recommended by specialist doctors , c .
For tee reasons , I cosder that dog an sport ht you ke or you may be ntereste in could be a god opto .
In my case , I rlly like doing spinnng . I used to do it only twice er wek t now I do tha any time I can .
I think tha , in paticular , spinning is a had ports ativit because wh you ha spent approximately 1 hour on ou bike you 'll proably feel tired .
During t proces , people wok their legs a lot , mixg different positions a speed . nd the most iportant tig , the usis is alwys running .
If you nt to le weight , ths type of srt is perfect because it bengs to e aeroc exercises to burn t caores that we get eating fast food , whereas it is sutabl for pope that oy do exrcis o etetainment .
Furthrmore , ro the first time that I w in the gym , I ae go to know nie and friendly sortsmen wo ty to give me advice not ly on how to improve my tchniques but on o to avod inury o .
Altugh it is kind of rd f yog people wh have finished school finally , to ndersand that it 's definitel o finished yet , eduaion does n't sto om then on and it is one of h os importt tings to contiue goin to school .
On the oer hnd , young people in Bosnia do n't ally have the oprtunity to coose wheter ey ant to go or o .
Th finish school at he age of 23 - 24 , including further study withou a chance of wok or anything else .
To hi , I thin , it is a ourne hch goe in he wrg irection .
Trying to motivate peple for educaion , stdying an chool is a very hr ing if ty a kow al tose dreams a no goi to happ anway , werea people in Switzerland have to oose ver early in whh drection the wnt to go and ht their ssibilities look li .
Therefore , education sould be accessible for everyone , in my opiio , or as lng as possible , t oly if th goal and pssiilities re lear .
ly if all of that is guaranteed il t motivaton increase .
These as , shoping has ecoe one of the be ways to spend time with fmly or friends , but not everyone lke it .
For ms men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for woe it c be te et ay to make their mood btte , ecause they are so hppy when tey bu ots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the eular price .
I tin at shopping is no njoyable for everyone when the ar crowds and very long qeues in he hops .
The u spn more time in the sho a u will be me tid .
In the big shopping cetres your pre can be stolen by pickpckets and u can lose a ot of money .
Persolly , I really like shopping , ecause I am nterested in asion and I like looking ood .
So , for me sopping is ry enjoyable and I always forget about my roblems en I am trying on new cothes which suit me .
t I do not ie wsting my tie , so I usually go shopping on ondays , becase afer h eekend the shops ar always emt .
Nwaday , technoloy and society he change in different ways d ost people have re free time tan before .
Tis oul be good , although som pepl ay we do n't eed al this time and we have to work more .
rst of all , it old be said that society is spending more tme dong elaxig things , such as gon to te bech or metng friends , a ome experts a that we have to pen re time workn or stuing becau people e beming lazier .
In contrast , technoloy as ben becoming more useful and it could do wo tha we hd to do some yas ao nd hvin oe ee time ould be beter o us .
Another oit is tt we can met fried oe or ist our family if we have more free ie and that is always god .
In other wrds , it cou be sa that if we had mo free time , u lve wold become betr , becaus we can enjoy ourseles with riens an do hins ith our amil .
From my poin of iew , aving fee tie is perfect , because we cn do more things that we are fond of an ur quaity of lf oud incree .
Hi aes ,
h are things going ?
I hope you 're ine !
You ca n't magine w excited I am abou travlling to e UK !
Afer a those lettrs we he sent each oth , now we can meet for real .
I 'm looking forward to eing there to spend som time wit you .
I 've nevr been to London d , hat 's more , I 'm scared of i ities , so I 'll literally stick to o wherever we go !
I 've been searching r a lot of stu we old vist oc I g thre , for example , iccadily Circus .
At a glane it seems very original nd scial , does n't it ?
I tnk it would be fasciatng to go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenirs for my famly .
Oh and given o 're a huge soccer fan lik I am , at abou planning a match involving some frieds of yours ?
It old be aazing !
If you manae to organize it eforehand , I 'll ave th time to prepare ll t soccer stuff ( boots et . ) .
I 'll gv you ome her informtion shorty .
Wite back son ,
Mario
My ame is lwia .
I was on in Polonne , a small own in Ukraine .
My schl is ocated there .
When I w 17 , I mved to Ky .
I study philology .
A few years ao , I rked as a iterary etor .
w I am woring as a journalist at National Radi .
I hate my ob .
Yo may ask why that is .
I 'll tel you .
First of all , I get less than 10 ollars o my ork .
My progras a for old people in different vilags .
My colagues a brain - damaged .
I nt to gow .
ut nsted I am writing about stupd decoaions , illneses and ther oing stuff .
Next year I 'll be a PHD student .
I was going to be a scientist , u I 'm ot sre anymore .
I ant to have kis an a family .
I 'm trying to choose h best time r al these things .
Can I cpe wih all that by myslf ?
I 'm n sur .
I fe awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe hat everything will be OK .
My county ha been attacked by Russa .
God , sve us from evil .
Tah us how to lve .
Friendsh is one of te most valuable eniments o peple , especiall o people who in eir schol dys .
Making new fiens an sharing interests with othes is lwas an exciin ar of scil life .
Whe it comes to the best a for suents to mke friends , some are tat participatng in community activities or traeling are preferable . However , fom where I stan , joining a sport team is undoubtdly the best choice .
First of l , o energetic students , ong sports is thi favorite activity .
Threore , joiig a spors team where they can hae simiar interests nd eax is te asest way to get to know ac thr .
Tranng in the same sports team , h tudents n not only release he whole a 's ressure , but an also ild up good reltionships with others through commuicaion and execise .
For xampl , the champions of e Ompic Games , Cha 's amou synchronize diving athets , GuoJingjing and Wu Mini . Th two irls enjoy a ealy go riendhip .
They t to know each oer because they both joid h same pors team , and thn fer exeising d playing together , they finally become t enviable friends .
Additionally , cooperation and oerency ar aays th an essence of a sports team .
Here , students learn ho to wrk together , ow to fight f te same goal through tacit teamwork , w to contribute to the hol team instead of just thnkng of se , d even how to egotiae or discuss with ohes , as well as how to be patint d rational .
Although there ay be om argument or disagreement aon sudnts , I lways thik that everything is going to be ky because he spors team wl be coheen .
Finay , joinng a sports am will provide a ng perod of tme or students to t along with ea other .
However , if students participate in community acivites , for example , doing volunteer job in he on 's library , they would nt have sufficient te to communicate with ec oher snce mt of their tim is spent working .
Meawhile , students c ay with each oth while traveling , u only several days re not enough and mot peol ll not keep in touc wit ohers ater the trip .
Sorry tat I haven't been in touch for a hil , bt I 've been really bus latl .
How r yu ? He y go anything nw to tell me ?
Is everythin OK wi you family ?
Wll , I ave god news or you ! I m a wonderful rl ast ek when I went to the cinema .
I s in t queue when I sw her werig a stylsh tght blck dress .
Sh is perfect , wih he ong cury dar hr , and he pale skin .
Sh has a wonderful body , but in her face you a see perfection .
Her slanted eyes and her shiny lps ae gogeous .
I nt to introde her as !
See you so .
Take ce ,
Joé Luís .
" The God Samaritan "
This yar , my country 's media celebrated a doctor wo works in Afghanistan .
His ae 's Robrto Ciro .
He s up a hospital in Kabu to take re of mine vitim .
He wa decorated by he Italian President as ne .
In my opinion , he 's a er of u times .
He et hs jb in a afe ad comfortable Italian hospital to ove to a ounry that is living trough a civil w .
He 's very brave to wok in one of the most dngrous pacs on rth .
His charity 's saved mny lies .
Evry d he orks hard to give support to te people injred by e mins .
In my opion , we need to thank peopl like him .
We never forget what he 's done , we mst n't forget hat he 's done .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I am wrting to you becase I 've herd th you 're anning a tip to o ity - Ktowie .
We hae so ma interetig pacs to visit , b if I mst iit mysl to only one , I choose the centre of the cit .
It is renovating , but you can see mny beautiful bildings .
First of all , I have to show you ur theatre nd , if yo want to , we a go on an art .
Fantastic actors pefrm in this theatr a I woud ke yo to se hei best play , which is " ackyl and id " .
Besides brillian actors , they have increibl deo and it 's perecty situated as it is very ear to the b stop .
I hp yu 'll enjoy u city cetr . Tre you ca enjoy yourselves and learn smthing about or ity .
It is a ally interesting lae and I think you 'll appreciate this .
In case of n questios , please , wri me an e - il nd I will nswr the ih pleasure .
Yours sincrely ,
Dominik .
I agree with thi staemen th shopping is not alway enjoybl .
Some peope le to do shopping every day .
Some do not le , it but it is a prsnal busines .
Se pple go shopig to fel etter in hemselves .
If ty have a bad a or if thy ha a goo day .
Tese te to be eople wo are dependent on puchases .
I personally love to go shopping nd spend my oney on new clothes .
Wednesda , Sepember 30 3015
Dear Mr. Tejad
I am riting to appy for a ot in t summer camps in e USA .
I heard aout it in my English class at my university .
I am in h 5th semester of Industrial Design , d I ve 0 poit in my TOEFL .
Apart from my stdies , ls yea I went to a cp fo my degree course whre I s helping in the reception fo e ew students of the course .
Tking part in e camp was wonderful bcause I helped wt planning the activities .
Finally , I am a master in the kitche . I really enoy mking desserts a I was on a cookig corse last summer . In ct , I have expeiece in t kitchen .
As I metiond abo I hae epeience in camps . I seak English , so I st want an oportuniy to so y .
n I know my abilities th ks . I am a patient , confien and organized eron .
Perhaps st important , I ffer a history of proven reslts , so I am suitable for the job .
Pleae gi me the opportuiy to work it you .
If y ould lke to know mre bout me , please contact me at yor earliest convenience .
I lk forwar to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely
Alejandina Guerrro Montanez
Dar Mrs Ashb
I am wiing th letter to apl f the po advertised in he Tuitre newpper of 13 March .
Since graduating from University of Education majoring in business English , I hve been working fo a fo joint stock company on a contract basi .
I am particulrl intersted in dealng with various types of fds and meeting new eople .
In addition , I am willing to wk long hours o your cafe .
I would welcom he chance to wo as a art of your afe where I will make a sal contribution while developing my English skil further .
Meeing new pope and etting up new ocial relationshps are also the tempting poin attracting me .
In adtion , your cafe is conveniently located ne my he , wich tes bou 10 mites to go to on oo d I have 2 days f a wk . That gives me the opportunity to ae on a new b .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week n I am lokig forward to hearing fm you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
ha
Der Billal ,
I hop his email finds you el !
Last week , my friends ad I were selected fm e class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary nd magnificent musm .
At ts mind - blowing place , we lokd and gazed at the phenomenally awe - ispiring and unbelievble fossils of ncien dinosu oes up to 10 meters high !
We als made brilliant mini statues of a te of dinosaur . I did the T - Re a my classmate assembled a Rapor .
I luxrite the making of the spellbindng mdls ad te gift we got to pck in te dinosaur shop .
I enoyed this unforgettable rip to t muum , d hope you cn ta ti out to go ne day !
Kin Regards ,
Jo
Al about me !
My nam is Caudia . I was rn in Sweden .
My rents ' names are J - Erik and Jesika . I have one olde sister n o older brother . ey ar twn an thy are 22 years d and their names ae Kvi and Tild . I have wo dgs , Eb ad Lea . d .
Lia is 6.5 months old ad Eb is 9 years old .
My favorite thng to do is play sm 3 and sims 4 and listen to sic . My favorite music type is rc ad , of course , my favorite band is Geen a and , of course , then my favorite sg is try Hearts ( Green Day ) .
My FAVORITE ovi is Breking awn pat 2 ( T Twilight Saga ) .
My favorite subjects re Engish d music , mostly because I ove to sing d play guitar .
I lve Dine movies le Mry Poppins n eer Pan , but I ca n't watch dog movies because if there 's soethig a , like the dog is , thn I will cry .
My favorite ooks re , of corse , al th Twiligt books ( I ca n't cooe one :3 )
In my free ime I pay guitr and danc and sing .
If I 'm not ong that , then I am with my os or ih my friend or just at home playing sims ! AND T SIMS 4 CAME U LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO N I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favote food is sushi .
When I gro up I want to wrk with muic in soe a , t if I do n't work with that he I want to wo ih animals !
I tin the most beautiful building ha I hav vsted is the " Mnumento a La Bandera " .
It 's located in Roaio , Agentia .
It as opened on Jun 20 , 197 and was built by he architect n engineer Angel uido to clerate the Fag Day .
In the sam place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argntinian fla on February 27 , 1812 .
It has a ter of 70 meters with a viewpoi on the op , and it is famou fo its bg flag and e ypt in triute to anuel elgrano .
Inside the " Monumeto a La Bandera " o can see historical objects abut the history of Argentina , a in the uderround there is th hall of honor of Aercan Fla .
If you want to nte the all of honor or eter he monument , it 's free , but if yo want to go up to th viewpont , nless you ae younger tan 5 , you ust pa an entrane fee of 10 $ .
The buiing is pen from 9:00 to 19:00 ever day .
ae th or ove hm , viains a t funnist at in ery stor .
Sine I was a child , my fvourie charctrs hae always ben the cruellest on .
Why ?
Obviouly , becaus in every stoy , ook or vie , althugh here are weake thn a characters , th always win !
Wt a borg sitaton !
Fo eaple , in Terminator 's moies , the villain ws lway stronger and ore euipped ha the hr , but at the en of th movie , te righteos one wis the bttle .
Finally , the latest oies ae bsd on rue , bad , drty ad strng caracters ! njo them !
In rent years , soial media ies ve developed and entrated our socey as te essentials apidly .
Thr are enormous numbers of users al over t orld , and social meia sts sc as Twitter , Facebook nd YouTube are utilized for acqirig information , contributing ideas , sharing hotgraphs and commicating eteen individuals , tween indiviuls n organizations or betwen organitions .
Wil ocil eda sie make r sociey re convenient ad more cfortable compared with h ps , ty imultaneously bing wit them some issues .
Thee r wo avantages and n disadvantage of h current consequences , and I mention conceivabe effecs of socil medi site in th utue .
Bulgarian parents cn choo when thir children sart schoo- at 6 or 7 years old .
eore the start shool , they hv to fiih reschoo .
Usually childn go to kinderarten up to 5 years old , and fer hat , they start preschool .
In this case they start school at 6 years .
Some children srt scho at 7 yeas old , it depds on when they are born - at the bginnig or near t end of te year .
e Bulgarin scol ya starts in the middle of Septemer .
So , if te child is born in th frst few mnhs of te year , parents can chooe when their child wl start scool , at 6 years d a e monhs or 7 yrs nd a e months .
Most Bulgarian parents do not gree with heir chidren starting school at 6 yeas ol .
owevr , h Blgarin government was thiking aou changing the a so l children have to stat at 6 years od .
I think I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tertiay education between Bulgarian and Austrlia , becuse I still do n't have children n I am not studying at university in Australia .
et me itroduce you to my hometown , Krtrijk .
Kortrijk is a sml ton ocaed in the northen part of Belgium .
It is also the Dutch speking part of Belgiu .
Krtrijk is near te Fenc borer , about 15 minues way by car .
h on as 100,000 nhabitants .
It was bult in t 11th cenry n is well known for its shopping ara .

After a dy of shopping , yo a go to one of he many restaurants Kortrjk a .
You ca chse between ifferent types of food , such as Japaes , Ialin , Frnc and many ohers .
Of course , yo can eat the tyicaly Belgian dish mssels with French fre .
In smmer Kortrijk oraises small concerts .
e concerts attract mny people fr all ovr Belgium .
Now Kortrijk is anging a lot .
In the last few yes , a lot of building a been doe in te ara .
w rdges ve enriced th tw .
ay gren zons ve been ceated .
er Si or Mda ,
lst week , I w on holia ih my faily in your " w Holidy Village " .
Unfortunately , our hliday d not lve up to h claims made by you .
We a a number of problems . T first o concns th number of eds . You ofere space to sleep for six peoe , so we expected x beds , but we only had five .
So , o of us had to hae a d , which is hardly acceptable .
The other oblem reled to the ofered eursions . Y proised a numer of attractions , but two ( the ak up to e mountain , as ll as the vist to a istorc castle ) we not avalabl .
Unfortuntely , we also had probls with foo . In your brochure it said tat we would have a number of restaurants around , bu in fct there w only one , which as , in addition to that , really expenive .
In our hoest oinio , ths is t accepabe , becase in the brochure ou talked about re tan one retaurant .
To sum it up , we were no very pleased with our hiday as we old n enjoy some of the things ou promised to us in the brochure .
We re of th opinion ta yo should not ofer things which re in fact t available .
Yous faithfull ,
na Olen and fmil
How will eople 's lives change in h future ?
It requires a vivid imagination to t to put a view of the future . First of all , h means of trasport wll change . Vhicles wl deed mainly on solar negy or nuclea enry . A flying public transport bus will be a fs rie to ork . Yu will need to supply your cr wt spinach after hy nvent a spinach - fueld ar .
lso , food wi hange in th utre . Capules of your favourite fods wl be available in h futu in obile surmarkets . These capsules will trn into your lunch as so as ou put a smll aount of water on the .
In the future , wat wil be very expensive to the extent hat you il have to wo three hours of overtime very y to be able to pa fo half a ite of clen water . But the n tin tt will neer change in the future is the smile on yur motr 's face when yo surprise her by cleann yu bedroom wiout using the robot at belongs to or der brother .
I tink tdy 's television is still oo value , ecuse her is more coce tn ever before .
o cn wtch whatever ou wat , wenever y want ! Ther 's ways somehig to atch or everybody .
Of couse , I tnk ta we shoud n't watch too mch television .
I thik that 's the onl negative poit about today 's television , becaus maybe there 's too uc hoice !
Se people just tch TV h whoe day long , n tay in their hoss .
Thy jus ca n't stop atching television , eause thee 's st so mch tat ey like to watch .
I hink ta we should prmise ourselves that we ill js wtch a maximum of 1 hur 's TV eey d .
In th way , we can enjoy al t w technology of today , nd all th enjoyable TV programmes !
This photo ows me and my bst ried .
It ws tke on the embakment of Khabarovsk .
In t background , you n see h Riv Amr .
On e lt , you an ee people on an observation ara .
They 're enjoying he view .
I was very excited eause it s my firs visit to Khabrovk in he ummer .
T ty look beauiul in this season .
By the a , on ha ay everyody s ceebraing h D of the City .
Afterwards , we et for a walk .
We felt hpy bcase we ad not seen each ter f a on time .
We used to noy dancing an singin .
When we were schoolgirls , we used to send al our free time toethr .
We are livig in different places o .
ucily , we are in touc .
It 's not difficult tody !
Lots of modern messener srvice like WhatsAp , kpy , er ak it osible for us to talk and chat as muh as we want .
13 July 214
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in reponse to yur advertisemnt for SUMMER CMP USA to work in different positins .
I am availae in summer , wenever and wherever .
I ave qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher om University Carlos I of Mdid . I ve experience of dventure pots . I like the country d mountains .
I also have a lfeuard certificate .
I he exerienc wh childre ad between 10 d 12 . I have worked in e Sut chol Centre o to yrs .
I hv alwy hd a natrl ability to wrk well with children .
I think ta I wuld enjoy thi job workin th childrn d trine staff .
I speak Englis very well , ecause my oher is fom the UK and my father is rom Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in r home we alwa soke Engli .
My CV is enclosed .
I do n ave experence of working in ktchens , t I ik ooking . I live lon nd I do the housewrk mself and the eal .
I believe hat I am suitable for this job becue sort , children and the cutry r among my hobbies .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yos faithflly .
This year is t st one before going to university .
After so much tim at schoo , oe people thnk ey ee a break .
On one han , it is true that eving school means passing from the bass to yu ture profession .
Afer sixteen years of ontinous work , it is th perfect omnt to take a rest a enjoy your life by traveling .
To find u abot other clures a get ew knowledge completely different from sool .
Hoeer , it coud be a great tm to work d ea some money to pay f university or simply or savin it .
On the oher hand , mayb if we ve a reak befr university , the routine of worki and suying every y cul bek .
So when university starts , people will bcom busy , t routin wil o be h sme , an , as a consequence , th arks wil be lower .
To onclue , I think fter schol we ne to ppl o university in odr to ntinue working on wha we lk .
The year off hold be taken ater university studies .
As the nber of traffic accidents has inreased dramatically over the year , finding the best lutions has p the government under pressure as to whether to mplement stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .
Personally , oad sfety cn o be nsured by eithr the former or the lattr methods .
Inste , it should be a cbination of varous ctions .
As a tter of ct , sver punishments can arty ecrease the rate of offences .
Nobody wnts to pay an exensive fine or spend ti in pion , so fear of punishment mgh be effectie and prevent people committing the ofenc a second me .
Mrover , oe 's penalty ao c be consierd as a mirror tat people can lok at and void doing the sam hings .
h ai ffeces are driving over the sed limts , drunk driving , drivig without licces .
I penalte , dependng on the seveiy , coul include fine , licce supension , community service or imprisonment .
Cosequentl , those punishments mke the rives ave to cocntrate on driving oly , ad therefore , inimie t nmber of accidents .
By the same token , a single method culd ot slve the raffi robems , as driving offences ae not te ony tigs tha cause traffic accidnts .
Auhorities sould enact more safety policies on roa and ensure by improing te quality of traffic facilites .
In ny eveoping countries , the government rrly atac special impotance to bo the quality and quantity of the traffic syse , especially in rural areas .
eople easil ave accidnts when driving on narow or severely amaed streets .
Furthermore , vhicl collisions e rising greatl e to the number of uncle road sgns .
Traffic educaion is also a complory measure , especially for younger geneations as he comt th majority of offenes .
Popl should be ducate crefully about all th afety regulation and laws when th get ter driing licence . T re they know h rules , he es riss r taken on the ad .
In geera , reducing traffic ccients is important .
Therfre , it shoud be cnsidered carefuly hw to combine both evere penalties and may other regulations .
Public trnsporation once used to be a convenient and inexpensi way to tansport onelf in the ity .
However , the incrasing rate of car ownership has ben takig e place of public rnsportation , rovding mr convenience for getting arud places an to plaes .
Traeling by c ive flexibility in our schedule .
We do nt have to worry bou catching a bus or rain at a certain tme .
We can g in a a whenever we want to go to places ad drive .
Tis onvenince of cars enles us to us o time eficientl .
However , cars can nt tke t plac of public transportation jut becas of tt coenience .
Mantaining cars as assciatd cost .
Driving a car requies fullng it with a , and a prics ar becoming re a re expensive .
In addition , cr require eguar mainenane , such as oil change and cheking tire pressures .
Mechanical probem can ften be costly poblem .
Ulke pubic transportation , ne as to be responsible for his or her mde of transportation , and it cou be expenive sometime .
On the ter han , puic transportation is inexpesive .
Not to entio that not everyone c afford to keep a r on their budt .
In ther persective , cs rquie riving .
rving is something not everyoe ca do .
For example , peple wo hve disabilies n certain disees are not ae to drive .
Chidren under a rtain age are n ermited to drive .
Fo thoe people , public transportation can be h optimal choie of transportaton .
In cnlusion , rs ar convenient . However , ty are not for everyone .
Therefore , pulic transportation has i own reasons or existence , n there is a fuue r publ transportation .
Dr frieds !
ur congregation a rn educational family cmp wt e support of NN Integration programme for 8 eas .
We have huge experience of organising seminars a camps f fmiles ih dsabld childe .
or many children , participating in this camp is the oly opportuni to spend time it cildren her own age and to fe lk fully - flegd members of society .
Wors ai to eress he emotions that all participants experience .
Th health mpovements of sme children could be considere a mirale .
A children gt a lt of posiiv emotions spending time togethr n leanig how to be tolernt .
A reductio in financial support frm foreign arity foundations has l to our camp not being possible ths er .
Our budget is fixed or oy 75 eople , which is amost tie the nmber of partiipnts at year .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to fuse children articipation in te camp in this situation !
We want all or children to go to thi cap , so we se up a donation project .
he grater amount of moey has already been collected thak to the trute oar of " N " comuniy , u we still eed an additional $ 300 .
We are aking you not to be indifferent to isabled chilren nd to provide feasible lp .
( ssay )
T da th newspapers will disapear with ime due to people 's atitude towars urfig t internet for t worlwide ew do not necessarily ean tha it can be tkn fo granted .
One of t ot cotrovrsial isues nowadays is that a large sector of ociety del ith newspapers as a daily rutine .
They ca n't stnd n day without skimmin hrouh their pages with a cp of tea in the morning .
To te st of my knowlde , it is a wa of beavig me tan a way of oing with e latest technologies .
To begin , the raon for the decreasing popularity of newspapers is that most people , these days , rely on eig nlne most of e tie to follow the ltet nes all around he worl .
e second ain reason is ht online nws is often fre of charge .
Ths , popl rea news at any time and for fe .
On th othr han , newsaers re preseed in a definite place , wh limie time , and in adition , ey r a daily epense .
While om may claim that credibility is the min relable aspect of publsing .
It is ovous that the daly newspapers having a respectable reputation ae the ones which will be accepted by thousands of peple .
In this respect , newspapers eem to be or credible than numerous websites that ma up ake stories much mor than pubishing eal news .
Furthermore , reading hbits have ther own ase , specically o elderly pole .
They enjoy tuning th pages nd reading th headlines using their eyeglasses .
hi marvelous , tstefu eneration ca n't be buied alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
In ight of the foregoing dicusson , it appears to be true that e ternet is an incredible apec towards globalstion even in daily ne orldwde .
Hoever , e nesppers til hve their ld in ha repet .
It cn be suggested hat a combination of bh mdi ll ositvely inluece h ways of delivering news .
as ee , a iend of mine told me aou a n cae that h just opened ar my house a sai that sh thought it was a agic place .
At first , I did n't believe tha this place would be as amazing as he ad .
oever , I acepted her plan n I m he at " Wonderland Café " .
I ae to be honst and ecommend hs magical plc to al of y .
It as almost evrthing ha you ee in a cae : comfortable chairs d fas , bautful features and really ood - tasing offe that they serve in most of twenty diferent ways ad with al toppings you a think of .
lhough he most ipotant thing is tat thee were not only friendly stf bt ey looked like they were having te in Wonderland , wit Alice nd te White Rabbit .
I strongly rcomend hi café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffe with a careful ecor d brilliant pformances in which you a aricipate while having a ink .
You will love it ! !
I 'm 50 years o ad I ive in a little to named Monza .
At my age , it is ey important to ep fit , so I cycle twice a wk .
This sport is no so hard , and it gives me th opportunty to do an acivity tha is o too expensive and a be on outdoor ad not in a cloed spors hall .
hen I come back fro my jo in e afternoon , I pt on something comortabl , take my ike ad go away along h strets alne with my thoughts and no e can dturb me .
Whenever I go ut with my bike , I stay on th od fo two hour and I enoy th time to msel so much ha I 'd lik to remain ouside f ever .
For everyone who oul like to tart his spor , it is important to remember that you r lne ith yourslf nd ms have t powe to imprve the tme yo sa u and ner give up .
The Vist is a movie in hich to grandpaents get to kow heir grandchidren r e first im .
Te have never e their grandparens because their m ad a fight a lon time ago with thm , even befr they bt where born , ht caused them ot to know any more about each other .
The gr is making a film o a scool project about t jorny nd abut etting to kow er grandparents .
Ten bot kids ealize that omething is going wrong with th ,
ecuse sometimes the sta acting really weir and after 9:30 pm eird things happen to thm . Then both kids unerstand that their grandparents are idig a relly big secret .
I think this riller will get your nrvs o of u . The movie revals many things as it contiues . It 's actally so ood a , for those wh are scare of trilers , this moie is more lie suspense an I really think you n enjoy it .
Whn facing a decision about weher to shp in a hpping cntr or in mal tres , man people will choose the shopping center because you ca by all types of produts at once .
Othrs , including myself , belee tt soppng in sll ores is t best coic .
In t followin esay , I ll outline wo reasns to upport my view .
First , small store rvide prodcts ih oe ique features an different seleions .
Tha is to say , mo small stores ma hae their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts ad yo r more lkly to find handmade products in them .
r instance , my frinds once ought a nice scruff wt a cute nima fgre in a sall stre nd I real liked it after she showed me .
Therefore , the next day he took me back to he stor . We fud o that hey did o have the sae cuff becase it w he ony n .
Although I s dsappointd that I could nt ave e se scruf , this is the fun par about shopping in sml sores : yo a ways find something unique .
Second , it is true tha shopping in a shopig center is fast a convnient , because o can buy al types of things oether .
Howevr , most shopin ceter prvid limited selections and sometimes the rie is xpenive .
In conclusion , I prfr to so in small stores becase I am more likel to find he oe and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes to televison ae ident . Tis could be because society is changing to .
On televiion we can e what eopl consume .
If TV pogrmmes re a lot of rubish , it is because some eple prefer them .
So , we have to take care of it .
Maybe , thre are a o of repeats of d programme , but sm of them e sil watched by a lage numbe of popl .
n someties , progrmmes are too aggresive n giv people ba messages .
On the oher an , here a soe channels whih show documentaries an programes abo pecfic sbects lik sciece , math or itory .
Ad tere a musial chnnels , o .
I hin hee are good TV programmes , b eople do n't ge hem the value that th suld have .
Tere are a lt of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
Television still has something imprtant to show .
I am writng to congratulate y on the exellnt Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
I hd a great time with my fiends , but I hv a few comments concerning the organisation .
I was r frm impressed by all the dumplngs which housewives repared .
In my opinion , th dumplng wi spiah tsted get .
I was ipressed by a caret o pefomed during th festival .
Their jokes wr ve fnn .
However , thee a a couple of smal suggestions .
Firs of all , he vee itself wa very crowdd and prkin alst impossible to find .
It old be a good de to find a larger venue .
I sa paents with childre but kid d o have many attractions .
I would like to sugge ring special nimators h ill entertain kids .
In addition , tickets wr too xpesive .
You should think bot reducing prices or offeri peial discount , for examp , for students .
Oc again , please accpt my compiments on a b el ne . I hop you find my sugestions helpful nd I look foward to an een more successful event ext ya .
Yors faithfully
These day , the u of technolog is increasing , esecially he u of robots .
Acording to Rssell and Norwig , robots are speal machnes that ave intelligence to cary out activities on ther ow or by commnd ( as cited in Chijnd & Inyiama , 20 ) .
he represen an innovation that has chnged he world in distic ways and h been mbeded in diferent areas of sociey ; for xample in secuiy , health , the rmed fore , education , idusry nd agricultur .
Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be served by t popuation .
Mor accurate surgey , emotional bning and an increase in communication are examples of postive consequences .
Negative ipacts , such as the man dependnce on robots for ding basic activities d pollution of the environment , can be cited .
hi essa wl dscribe te psiive and negati soca consequences of robots , ad pssible implications in te future .
ac ay , the environment sufrs different problems cused by global aming and humans a the sl agents reponsible f this problem .
We ed to analyze an investigate th main problems to find solutions ich ight heal our orld .
Frt of l , ranspot is t most signifcant carbon dioxide emitter .
As we no , in all cities , a lot of cars are ed every dy unecessarily .
Probably , if we used publi transport ik uses stead of prvate vehicles , we would reduce he greehouse effc caused by t O2 produe .
Secondly , the huge amount of litter foating in the riers ad sas destroys the eosystem and has a high visual impact .
Sometimes , ctis ge d of rbish by throwing it into h water .
An as anwer could be building mre landfills .
Last , I 'll popoe a soltion to a cmmn an ner problem .
eusing things ta we do n't utilize any more ( ike clothes , furniure … ) and giving them a ' second life ' .
I thin we must be do to earth and creative to ut on on u day trash prouction .
To sum up , it 's necesary to solve th environmental oblems to keep our paet af , so we hd better str esolving coser issues .
If we igore them , e eart will get woe .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy th you wrot to me to a for sm advice .
el , to travel in Bail , y hv to choose some plae to go , because her we have a lot of beauiful paces to visit and have f .
To hlp y , I need to know what you rfer to do .
If you wanted to go to he beach , I 'd tell y to visit the Northeast 's beahes , ecase hey ar he ot beautiful eachs in t entie wrld .
You have to end se das in Fernando de Nroha .
For these places , e best season is t suer .
On otr plce to visit in smmr is the Pantanl .
There yo will e oe of t most beautiul biome that you have ever seen .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot a w , and we can drie to the rier deee in te oo and see wd animals , like alligators .
If y ant to come he in the wnter , yo hav to explore e Sth .
There , you wl see beautiful cities wit European architecture a u ill find nice vnyards .
For work , I advise you to co to Sao Paulo .
Here , yu 'll find ost knds of temoray job , like in restaurants , bas , etc .
I op at I have helped you a will see u sn .
Cinese , pansh a Portuguese . None of thoe nguages are as popular as ngish is .
ver 1 illion peopl aroud the world spea Engsh as a second langage . Becae of that , it is cosiered the nversal nguage .
Nowadays , it is obligatory if you ant to t a better job .
I ill discus the importance of Engish as a second language in Bazi .
Even thou stdying a language has become easie because of the internet , luecy is arder to chive when o study by yorself .
Brazilians need to lern English because it opens ors in usiness and in hghe eduatio .
In rail , regular schools teach stuens he baic aspects of the anguage and do ot let tem become immersed in he anguge .
Ts c xplain a lttle bit of Brazil 's lack of English peakers .
Lering Enlish as a foreign language will hve a hug impact on Brazilians ' rofessional liv , helping them to get a betr position .
To cnclude , Brai has a lack of English speakers .
The Brazilian educatioal system should be aware to develop students ' lanuage skill mor .
Learnig English as a second langae ill help razilins to get a eter ob and ae mor opportunities in their careers .
It is a ih , gacefl a delighful lnguage to learn .
Anna kn that it as going to be a very special dy or her .
e was going to t national championsip in swimming and she ha bn preparing since last summer .
Taking prt in it an gaiing the best pace ws her biggst ram .
Especially since th previous atinal competitions hen she suffered a houlder injury and could not start .
Afe a , this is hard work fr an eay age a on the list of players oes ot enter by accidt .
But the daily ties whch se d as a tenager , an the murdero worouts till midnight , built in her a strong will to succed .
She kw that besides her , the rae would be attended by e bt girls ro al oer the country .
Dressed in a simsit , se was watig in fro of a swimming pl fr t nt judges ' coman .
Only a e ecnds separated her from the ump into th water .
T juge ordered thm to take position at the ites .
Anna looe gain tward the audince , whee her est fans in e word were sitting - h prents , frins , coc and friends .
They were all keeping their fngers crossed .
Se swam so fast , like a former ish , o a human ein .
In t watr s feels at ome .
Only afer a ile , after a e quick d hor breaths i it ocur to h tha s had fulfilled er biggest dream .
Anna wo fist prze n regained cnfidence .
It was ne of th happiest dys of hr life .
I wold n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a l .
I am ot as patient as a teacer as to be with all his stdent , although only sm of th are naughty .
Many of my fiens are teacers . They like ther job despite the fact ha tey ote hv to dea with lvely chilren or lazy tudents and difficult parents .
Thee people sometimes think of teir on or daughtes as innocent angels h spend a lot of hei tim wih iexperiencd achers th no qualifications .
Taching could be a stimulaig wrking environment for studen and teachers if it combied a rewarding caree and the iprovement of eching skills .
In hi case , teaching woul n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
ear S / Madm ,
I am witing to as yo if yor school ould rgaize an individual course in nglish or me .
I sud Engls for w reasons .
irst , it is necessary o my job ; second , it is my hobby .
I have been studying English f ten years . I mak sns of h reading , but I am o god at liseing an writing .
My pronnciaion is ot always correct , and as a resut , I have se problems with listening . I know ngish eonomic trminology vey ll but my everyday English is rahr oor .
However , my grammar is not ta bad .
I scored 56% in my at tt .
I would like to sig up for a ummer course for thre mths .
I enjoy visiting musums and travelling in my free tim .
I prefer learning on a e - to - one basis , bcaue it is mr comfortable or me .
I oo forward to eaing fom you soon .
Sicerly ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
Der Sir ,
My name is Marcos , n I would li to apply r the b in h summer camp .
I love oudoor activitie . I have en doing rk clmbig fr nine years now , a stare motocross in 2010 . Aso , I coider myslf er friendly wi children a eenagers . he I wa a chd , my father an I usd to go camping amost vey othr weekend . at wa until fr yars ago , because he is no longer able to stay t of the it . But he tght me ll that I need to kno to srvive t tre , so , I rely know ow to do thgs in the woods .
lso , I am chef , so I can assure ou th I will be hepful in the kitchen . I have ben cooking for lrg numbrs of peole for 7 years in a really big retaurant .
I wl commit myself to doing my best to ke your smme camp one of the best .
Yours faithfully
Marcos Rodrigue
It is said that tere is no futue for public tranportation . I used to hnk at when I was young , b it s caned as I am getting olde .
Bt this changed recently . I ell ow and hurt my kee , so that I an n drive .
No I ed it ain .
here are a lot of benefits of developing puli transportation .
Fis , it is more convenie .
ot dveloped cuntries developed a puli transortation system to lower th impact of a growing popuation .
Thn , it is cost efective .
Shred osts make the hug expense of developing and building the public trnsprt yste possible .
Finally , it is envromentally - rendly .
Public trnsporttion is proved to reuire less energ consumption .
I sil think the pulic transportation sytem wi kep on growing in uc a crowded era .
How log have y t used public trnportation for ? Do o age that there is no futue f public transport ?
I prsonaly think so , the reasons are as fllows :
First , as we a know , cars play a very important rle in ur lives , d more d mre cars come into our famils .
Ao , traveling , of ourse , is a big part of te function of te a !
he vey wl developed hghways , roads , and city stres provide a good foundation f ars . Lok at Noh Ameica , highways he been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't ive a ar .
Secod , people star to lan to drie at e age of 16 , d they ca master driving skills ve quickly ( wtin a mon or two ) . Soon they cn drive to whever they want to go , and we aso e pople at he g of 80 still driin to teir desinations as they ae used to it .
So who a be bothered to take public transprtation anymore ?
Thid , plic tranportation sucks , when you think about it . You cn cture the crowded subways , dirty bses , and the difficulty / assle of the public transportation transfers in yo ind .
h wasted time also should weigh in , whether it is waiting for th rains , or watng for th delae bues , not to menton the longr im it tkes copred to travelling in a car .
And rivin your own car a be very conveient too ; it cn go rigt to your wn garg .
All in l , public transport is not as fast as a car c be , it 's not as convenient as a car c be , so is future is in dubt .
I agre wih this statmet that bin sae is better han feeling sorry .
hee ae the tre fllowing reasons .
Firstl , no n kes to be sad .
ife is ful of good tings . hy do n't we lok to the ll side of the c instead of lookig at the empty one ?
Bein a and sorr will destroy your le , because o il not be ale to wor , a n live in a oo way .
l of this will affect our life badly . Maybe you wl lose ou job or your healh ll not be ood anymor .
econly , eveybody eek safety in their ives .
Look aroun you , crimes nd dath are surrounding us . l these people are dreaming of liin a peaceful life withou ll the probes of killing and sdness .
eople a figtng as hard as the a us to achive a clm fe where everyn of em can be afe .
Thirdly , I lived f w yer witht feeling safe and comfortable .
The war in my country made me fel no nger safe .
o th reason , I beieve that beng safe is absoutly better ha being sorry . I wil lways reemer my ad tellig me to calm on , sayin that fe il go on and one y ll of us ill be satified wt this lif .
In conlusio , I thin at al of us soul se hrough rs -tited glases n be hapy , becau you ve a lm life without anythig mking u srry .
Be smeon famou r a day
If I could change pace o 24 hours ih a fmou person , I old like to be Paula Echevarria .
I will start by tllig you somhing about Pau Echevarri . She is a very rety an famus actress . She also rites a fason bo . She is 34 years old and she is aried to David Busaente , who is a popular and hadsme singr in pin . Ty have a daughter - her name is aniel - an tey are like a prfet famiy .
I have cosen Paua bease sh is opula , fous , rch and ha the perfect husband . Bt , above all , I choose e because she is friendly , intelligent ad always smiling .
Threfore , s s everythin god about being a celebrty , but the most mportant is that she is a rat pers .
e me coclue by sayin ha I wld lk to be Paula o e day , becaus not only is she a good professina , but se is also a wonderful role del to be followed by eeryone .
I oud li to ak abo my hobby of breedig ids . This hbb is very pleasant or me and also or many people , especially when you have different kinds of iging birds lie caaries or finches .
This hobby gives me pleasure and a good nse of ature , especially when I we up with the sund of the singing birds in my ose .
At present , I ae three kind of birds . Oe of em is a yelow canr , th second e is a finh , and th third o is a combnation of two nds of brs . Each id has ts own special voice .
I started thi hobb in 2007 , nd since then I have ted to have any different kinds of inging birds . I spn n dy in he week takig care of thm , feeing hm , ceanng te cages , changing th water .
I would lke to recommend this hobby to ny eple , becase it gives us te sens of nature d fls e house with joy an happness .
By increasig te variety of cas with nw tehnlogy , peope 's demnd hasn't ' stopp .
But are these neomers oing to be relaced by publ transport ?
As technology enhanes e life systm in ny way possibl , peop ecome mre dependent and ca n't avoi it becuse of many diffeent attraction that these cars hv .
Anther reason for sin their wn r is ta it provids easy accs in a secon .
Furthermore , hre e advantags to travelling by cr , like seeing t cener and also the sts are lss in comparison with a plane .
But it 's not possible that everyoe s and uses thei wn car .
In that case , there woud be huge caos .
Traffi ms wl ost a l , using pobems such as olluton , which certanl auses more ealt problems n will create epenses not nl for us , but or others as well .
h sotion is public tansprt again , which increase th pace of life and makes it ay to aces by subwys and special rod .
On the other hnd , by inreasing the population , we should revise te regulatios with te fst pace of technology .
To s up , as thought crs are to convenient to se extet , but he cost will reduce the benits .
So , o sur , we wll ue public trasport but maybe with some hnges .
Dear Si or Madam ,
I am writing in rsponse to your advertisment for the jo in the U sumr cas .
I am interested in applyg or this position .
I am 25 year old and have jt finished university studies to be a sports teacher .
I think I am suital for this psiton because I am hrdorking a energetic .
I al have he proficncy ( CPE ) degree ad I av bn to te U sverl times so my English kowedge is oo .
Furthermr , during my sudies at university I orke on 2 project baed on sports activities f cildren ge 7 - 13 , organising them .
Apart from that , I get on well wit children and have no problems with working in the itcens to .
This jb wold give me te opportunity to practe my skills and et more experience wi childrn as wel .
I am ee or h job from the 0th of ay unil th 5th of September .
I am avaiabe f an interview every day fro 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forward to hearig from you .
Yurs sincerely ,
Aris Drechsler
Speaking English is bcoming essential for stents a orkes .
F this reasn , schools of Enlish r opeing in al h big cities as wll as in most tons .
Studying Eglish in yor country lets you cotiue workin or studying without changin our habits .
Anyway , it must be tke it accoun hat English courses are oten very expensive , nd you hve to study in a constant a to improve class by cls .
In fac , ually ere is jt e class er wek , a it is nt enough wthou stying by yourself duin th week .
Studying English brad is the bete alternative , but it has advantages and disadvanage .
On the one hn , living abroad il proaby not be cheap , so it ould be neessary to id a jo , but th would be an advantage at the ame tim : working wth English pople would hel o impre your speaking a listening quick .
On the other hand , living abroad , y 'll ne to speak English all e tim a o 'll hav the opportunity to learn English in a short ime , d in a n boing y .
So , probably , if you hav he opportunity to ay abroad o several months , you should do it , to ear Eglsh and ive a different experience .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
The aim of this rport is to give some advice to al of yo w li shopping .
In oder to imrove the tim y spend on it , we wil commend you to tar in one of our malls , where y an fnd at your disposl los of facilities , from te most fashinabe hop to he most traditional .
Fir of all , coming to a mall il help you to el with em . Also , we he to rate posiiely the ie range of services you can fn ere : restaurants , coffee sops n om ree res to spare .
Anothr advantage is that yo wll fi most of te shps ou can find in the city centr but yo wo n't get ls hle you searh fo tem .
For al of you who have ids , you wll ls be intereste in h different aras whch take care of tem f free for as much time as yu need .
I would strongly reommend th during p time , to allo tem to relax , oherwise yu il have to leave sooner tan ou expected .
In conclusion , o il save time , mony a a fo ache . So accept my dvie and ry to njy h rest of your time in h cy .
I am going to writ about a short stry tht I hae read in the oo " And all for love " .
Title : The kion .
Witten by erbert Erns Bats .
Tre ar two main charters .
The plot is abou a n , Arthur , twety - five ers old , who is engaed to a nice girl .
Arthur went to Lodon f an appoitmnt f a job ierview .
h company requested him to go ck hree days later , so he was ooking for a hotl that someone had recommended him .
He got lt nd asd abut the otl in a cafe owed by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
He a delightd with her and fel in lov immdiatel .
Thi changed his ie forever .
He forgot his egagement ad wet to live with Blance .
B al w not as wonderfu as expeced .
Twenty - five year aer , he egrets his dcsion and wonders what wuld ae happened if he had not m Blanche .
I chose thi story because even though hi story a writen in the early twentieth century , the underlying thme is sll currnt today .
And I would lso like to hihlight that it reflects the importance of every decsion we mae and ho it can hane our future .
" Atacma 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recent Ameica ovie that tells te true story of a goup of miners tht we raped in a mine 00 mere underground in Cil fr two months .
This grup hd a leader clled Maio Casas , played by tonio Banderas .
T film is wll - developed an show the audience eey ittle issue and diffcuty that e mers had to go rough .
However , he ist 17 ays in te movie cld become a bit edious bause e dircto fcued on vry sinle felig of th rappe men and their amilies .
Ater that lapse , e rescuers found the plce where the miners ee hiding an the moment to escu hem strted .
he caracters wre perfect beaue they re eople from Cle n Bolva th were inolvd in the rel accident .
Antonio Banderas i an exclent job acting as a desperate leader comitte to the loal people .
Despite sm detail , I think yu mus n't ms th fil if ou nt to know the trh about the recent miracle called " he Chile miners " .
It is niverally accepted that sopping is nt always enjoyable .
Howeer , ohe people think differently .
I aee at hopping is t always enjoyable .
Everyone knows tat hopping is a good way to sen time and gt positive emotions or ut rla .
However , shopping can have a bad effe on our health , eseciall as we ca eel ired or ehasted at he en of a rd day .
At he me time , there is on mo opinion : tha shoppng is lwys enjoyable .
People claim that shoppin can ak ou mood bttr , which in consequence wl be n .
As or me , I do n't age with these pole .
Qute often there is not enough air in he shoppg centre n , as the result , o can t a headache or ut fe ord .
In conclusin , I would like to y tat here r different vis bou shopping an that 's t a srprise becase we are all different .
Do we ned th inteet to njoy lie to the fll ?
TheInternet a been developed a lot over e last few yrs , and we ca e it easily fr doing y tass .
ut is it a od invention f he word ?
To awer this question we ve to analyze giving some posiive a negative agument .
On the positive side , the use of h inernt hels us to quickly and easily find a ot of information about l the tpcs .
What is more , we only hae to press e compter ke to ind what we re searching for .
o tis reason , mst people have t Inteet at om .
On he negtive side , the use of he Internet an be a waste of time in our live ; his happens becaus althugh searching is faster , we an get istracted looking at ohe things on account of the attractions of t Iternt .
Fllowin the above rgumnt , his is the aner of spendin hurs a hours surfing the wb ad not bing in the ral wold enjoying ie .
To sum up , the Internet is a od and efficient instrument if we ow the correct u of it .
If not , it cld be a waste of time that ca produce te opposite of ejoying life .
Nowadays , it is very common to mt e people omin om abroad wo speak dierent languages and spe out eir hom countries .
This mkes us curous to ean more about oregn countries a thei cultures .
But to larn new cutues , we must know their lanuage , specally if we want to trvl .
e to globalizatin , there r more a ore mtinational cpanies at requir mployees w can speak at least flent Englih , bt if a candidate nows mr languages he ca hv me career opportunite an chieve top level positions .
In my opinion , it is ver important to spek seval languages , n only or the above reasons , t also to tain your brain , to have th pprtunity to in a job arod nd , hy ot
, to have more fun with frends whom we et on ur summer holidys aroad .
nfortunately , it is vey dffcult to ler foreign languages when we are adlt , so it is eremely imporan to teac d to suy thm from kindrgarten ag .
The doorbell rng insistently . It was Saturday in the erly morning and I as stl in b .
The lt ow und of h oorell anage to wake me up . " I am not dreamin " , I hought , " Wh is ringi at ti ime?"Th I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
I was till in pyjamas , so I did n't open t door fast .
Frs I asked " ho is rining so eay ? Wat 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shoute to me hrough the door .
You do n't tnk opening the dor to yr little brother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , n I ran to pe the door . "
Wt re you doing here ? , "
a he ld me tighly .
What an aazin surprise ! I ws very emtinal nd s bot to cry . "
But you were in Ireland . What are you doig her ? I was n't expecti u . " "
I wned to surprise you , sister ! I miss you .
I am so far rm hm .
It is sometimes very had for me . " "
Oh , I mis o t nd I wa looking forward to seeing you .
I'm vr excited because you are here .
We are fialy toether .
It 's tre months snc I w in Ireland visiting ou .
I hope ou are oing to spend a lt of time now with me . " "
es .
I 'm gong to stay ne week .
I'm on holiday from chol . "
ea Jane ,
Thnks for yu tter , it was so nice to har om yo !
How r o ?
I thin it is an amazing poect th you are doing .
In answer to your quesio but the use of th internet by youg eple of our ae , I think it is ery helful to et infmation ore sily nd quickly .
Also , it pys a great ole in removing the brder between nations . In a mter of seconds we can o communicate with people around h world , whther for important usinss atter or jt to talk to a friend .
Nowaday , te Internet is ry usefu , it a may as of elpng pple , uc us hlpin it their homework , using Google , or entertainment wbsies like Youtube , emil ervies such as otmail , an the number one scal networ ite , Facebok .
Obviously , we c ot mgine o muh time we spend online , becaue the hole dy we ar connected , in ou houses , on mobile pone and on computers at or .
If there is aything else you want to know , drop me a in anytme .
Loe ,
Stfani
My favorte wa to trvel is by train beause I love looking at the cenery throug the window .
I think it is a boeman way to rael too , beaus h train used to be on of the os appreciated eans of transport in literature .
hen you ta a tran , you n read ad fl lke hiles Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
I feel bette when I tral by nd bcaue I ha a ea of heiht .
Although eperts say t pne is te safest means of transprt , I contue to tink it is very dagerous .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes , because the media uuall show pan accidns more ften .
e ba is a very beauful ay to avel , but I 'm sure whe I travel by boat in t uture , I 'll feel anxity because I 'll be surrouded by wer .
In conclusion , my main rolem is concen about how af h means of transport that I ak is , so , th ran lets me be re rlaxed ha other ways to ravel .
Voleyball is a complete sport where ou can eercis a or muscles .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a cut , which is eparated by a cnral ne .
T layers hav go a ball wich as to cros to th other de .
Each team a o a limited number of taps to return the ball .
Th ball is uually i with e hans nd arms , bu also wih any prt of th body .
A feature of voleyball is tht the plaers have to rotate their positions wile te are scoring ints .
In fact , I noy plyig volleyball because it is a fn sport which u can pl with a l of people , eleven pole to be pecis .
I suggest to nw playrs of volleyall that hy shoul tat tep by tp .
It 's a sport tat oks ea , but you can injure yourself easily .
ar omfotable clothes n suitable shoes .
Yun pope m face some ealt issue , making bad choics , ie drugs an alcohol and lso a negaive body image , including cra dieing , etig disorders a obesity .
Nowdays , the have to work through a lot of issues whie they re in their adoescence . Tey beg to have a ack of self - esee , depression , social pressure , and all this can caue a ot of problems .
I 'm gong to rite about obesty . A lt of peoe do n't eat crectly , they cnume a lot of unk od ad hi has effecs on tei health .
They he to realise tat if hey contnue eatig tha way an ot dig any exercise they are mo lkey to have different diseases .
Maybe a t of pele tht re ft do n't have the im to do exercise , or thy have oher reasons , b tha is o an excuse , ty have to hv t habit of atng healthy fd .
Another probl is that th junk fod is really chep , een ceaper than the healthy food , and peopl prefer to by somhing cheaper ad hat 's a bi pblem .
They ne to create a new lifestyle habit to edue obesity and have a better body image , he should hve a halthy diet , and do psical atvity .
Al this to be in your perfect healthy ody .
I went to a wokshp bou a light - controlled synthsizer .
To et to the plae they ere holding the wrkshp in , you had to go to the Chester Beatty libra a then the guides arrid d e yu to it .
On the wa thee , veryone who participated in e workshop stopped to by some sncks .
We we told to oose biscuts and h guide pai or us .
When we reached th workshop , the ds and I re told to u on prtetive glasses d given ooklets with t instructions .
We we taught hw to solder two wres toether and how to solder a wre to a ver board .
We were instrctd to ake a bade tht flashe different colourd light by uing soler to attach the L and battry hatch to the bade .
Thn we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synhesier .
At fist I was quit conused , bu then oe of e instructrs cm an helped me ut .
After tt , we a a snack n then ent on to assembe l the pat .
We put the in mtal boxes and trne them on .
ac nthesizer mitte a lod noise .
hen t light sensor is in the had , e synthesizer emits a lower pith , n whe the ensr is exposed to lit , t ynthesizer 's pit rises .
I worked as an vocate ( Solicito ) for a period of more an four years and fom those jo I gaine lots of xpeience in minute taking , dealn wih clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
I am a proficient usr of Microoft Office packages .
In my first placement , I hd to da with os of caes relating to the violaon of children 's rights .
I worked voluntarily fo soe cases relating to jvenie justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of hei rights hie ey were in custody , custodial eath et . )
I oked on a projec but how eductin as a fundamentl rig f hildrn uner 14 yar of age is denied in some comunities .
is j is rlated to my sbects of interst .
In my second placement , I had to do lots of administrative work , includg typing .
I h to wor as a liison wt cliens as well as the compay officials ( since Shiram Law Consultants is a pt of he Shriram Group of Companies ) .
e artcl nd te lecure are aout the attitd twards conducting medicl expriments on animals .
h auhor caim that te mai aim of he scientss is to reduce human sufring eve if it deands research onductd on animals .
The lecturer opposes this dea , as , in h iw , medial exeriments on animals shul not be coducted .
Firstly , the auhr infom us aout h impossibility of discvring new tps of dgs .
h leturer anwers back , saying tht diffeent types of medicine hav diferent ipacs on diffrent species .
Secondly , e author suggests ta it is imossible to eplace expriments on animals th anything else .
he lecurr disagrees wi th pin of viw , because it is possible to itroduc computer ubstituton or do researc on tissues .
Thirly , the author considrs that such tests kep animal sffering to a minimum .
The lectuer argues that , as a biologist , e sed to see anial sffering withot the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
T topic of t two pssages is abut future se of hydroger - based ful - ce engines .
T article states that he most effcient replacement fr internal - combustion engines will be fue - cell enines , because of ther various advntages , while he eder refutes is point by stating that hydrogen ds not have so many adntages .
irt of all , the reading assage says tha the iternal - combustion engne rlies on ptroleum , which will oon be eleted , but hydrog wil not deplete easily .
Te profess counters this oint by explaining that hydogen is , in fct , not esly foud .
h dds that it is n diecty usable , because hydrogen shold be obined in a ue quid state , whih tehnologically is ve hd to keep under -2 dgrees Celis .
Seodly , te rtile states that his hydrgen e will solve pollution problems , inamuc as it use o carbon ioxide , b water .
The professor cntrdicts the idea by saing hat ill t solve te pollution oblem , becaus it needs to be puriied in order to be ed .
She explins that in h proces of purification , a lag amont of coal n oil is buned , whh pollutes factories rather than the environment .
Fnaly , the artce ays that he e of hydrogen is highly economcal , becase it requires only half of te enrgy of internl - cobstion - powered cars .
The prfesor says that he cam is untrue , because the maerial from whc the cells are prduced is ry expensive .
She explains tht platinum is ery hard to find a , without this metal , it is mossible to produce hydroen .
An Unexpected Success
I am a irly cm prsn and I am inteested in eadng ver kid of book , therefore , I hve a quie life .
La Spring , howev , smethin happeed wih rprised eveybody , especially me .
My little iter wanted to ern to lay te pao so h joid a usi schol whch orgaise a concert erformance at the e of t curse .
I wn it her an I aited for er the whole lesson .
Tt meat that afte some months I as ab to read sheet muic .
B a w month befr the concert , disaster trck !
My sister ll ff her bike and ut r wst .
Unortunatel , she oud no longer ly .
The teacr said to me ' Could ou pay in place of our sistr ?
Y e able to read the sheet music nd I thik ou wil learn to py the piano in a while . '
I as absolely terrified as I hd to ho .
However , he teahr persuded me to ry to play the iano .
Only he did I realise tat I was keen on playing .
As a resut , I pent ie playing the iano until I fe far mre cnfident .
Te dy of the oncert , I a so nervous ha I could n't sto walking .
But when I sared , I relaxed and fl like I was e only person in the theatre .
At t end of the cocert , everybody applauded . a I neer felt so good .
I am efintely oing to pl h ian for a long time .
A eron who I admire
One of the people w I admire is atin Luther King .
He s e pastor of a Baptist Church ad he fogh against the iscrimiation against blck people in he United Stes in the s .
He founded te civil rights movement to free blak people rom racia segrgation nd inequalit .
He participated a lo of ies in meetngs , as a eade , and he wn against the la several times .
He decided not to u iolence in this nd of action , because he w concrnd about fighting aains the Vietnam War and povery .
The oher goa of Mrtin uter King wa the right to oe for African Aericn eple .
One of h mos famous speeches was " I have a dream " , ere he described equality in society between white ad black eope , where l popl can live together .
He wa murdred in 168 , in Memphis . He as 39 years o .
Report on sopping facilities in my town :
ntroduction :
The aim of this reort is to assess the most interesting shops for touris and make som sugestions .
Shopping facilities :
Most people are satisfied wth shop in my tw in site of it beig qte small .
However , he reltion betwen the quality and th price of prodts is elieved to be te most essetia reason to visit Cácres .
In geeral , sos a concentrated in a specific zone so that touriss can id what they e interested in vey easl .
Suggestions :
In neral , tourists thnk shops should be opeed at midday as th ae foreigners and lk to bu things after seeng e sghts arou te city .
It is hught that the es shops in Cácere are found in the old town , as it hs a mdieval cha which attracts visitors at that time .
Coclusion and recommendations :
Overall , he majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from t region an , beides , it is very enjoyable to have a mal in San Juan Square while people wk around lookig at the man cltes shop sitated in he mai steet before going to the heritage town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glad to hr from you and I wn you to come to Rssi f yor holidays .
You know that usia is a big country ad thre are a lot of places to visi .
In our country there a a e different cimate zones with very rih nate , an various cities with old and important history and ulture .
I 'm prett ue that your juney to Rusa will be a ey od and inersting experience .
First of all , o can come to Moscow .
As yu know , Moscow is he capital of t Russian Federation . It 's a very fast , energeic ity with ls of things to do an to se .
In h ci there are a lot of mseums nd r galleries , thters d clubs , a few park wch provide ifferent events lke open - a concerts or public muster - classes .
Of coure , you must visit Red Square , the Krelin n Saint Bsil 's Cathedal .
I strongly recmend yo to book online tikes to the Big Theat d iit it s opera or ballet .
You ow th Bi Theatr is e of the odest in Rusi with ver ch raitions of ballt scool .
Maybe y remember th famous iaglev 's sason which were popular in Europe at the beginning of h 20th century .
Nowadays , artists of the Thatr try to ep that od school and develop their masery .
In aditon , a f yes ago , te ig Theater a restore n has regaind is oriina apearace .
There is no nee to describe l e sightseeing in Msco . You can easily fd it on the Internet . I just wn to a hat I 'm sure you 'll li it a lot .
After Moscow , you can ist the towns of the Gld Ring .
It 's a group of the oldest Russian cites ich wr centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
There yo cn ee th spirit of antiquity an the huge contrast between Moscow ad povincial Russi .
You will unerstad tht pepe ere and ther ae very different and ter lifestyles e disimlar .
Hello my fried
You know ast ee Al a I we to my favorite ban 's ocert . It ws eally n . The whole band line up played for about an hur and a half , but it emed to me like just a few minte .
Tey played ll e greatest hts fo te 80 's and some other songs fo their ne album .
eopl were really excied bout h show . They ust had three ostume chanes , but e show wa amazing , and e lhts an te und wer fanasti .
I could n't wit to list to my favorite song until they laye it . It wa he best experence ever . I wish y coud ae bn tere to se that .
ope we have e chance to se each other next mot .
Write soon
Regards .
Terry
ER MARY ,
NC TO HE FROM YOU GAIN .
IT 'S BEEN SCH A LONG TIME SINCE WE WRO TO EACH THR .
W E YO AND YOUR FMILY ?
MY FAMIY IS VERY APPY TO MEE YOU !
I'M GOING TO IVE YOU SOME INFORMATION AOUT PUBLIC RANSORT IN NAPLES AND I HP IT'LL BE USEFUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND GETTING A TAXI BEAUSE IT 'S TO EXPENSIVE .
I THINK HA THE EASIEST OD OF TANSPOT R YO IS H NDERGROUN ; NAR THE RAIN IN GARIBADI SQUARE THER IS THE UNDERGROUN THAT YOU HAVE TO CAC AND YOU HAVE TO ET F AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHANO STATION , SO WE WL WALK TO MY HO .
AOU HE WEATE , I A AY THAT NOW IT IS STILL T , BUT NXT ONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YO SHOD PUT SME SWATRS IN YOUR LUGGAE , A ALSO SOME HIG HEELS BECAE WE'LL GO TO H DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SLVIA
Some people lai at universities and colleges houd not spend a great eal of ony on sports and soil ctivitie , as tei bdgets sould prioritie clases a libraries .
However , as educationl instituins , universities and colleges have an oblgaton to prvide a wde ange of knowledge for their studets to elp them evlop academically an socially .
Let us lok at an example of a university student .
The studen hd a grat number of assignments n projets , so he spen more time on accessing the libra , becing mor ambitious to stdy bos , d using a compuer to search he for late informatin .
Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to h y to la baseball .
Therefor , t ny id he et high scores in e reprts , aving absobed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced he study stres nd et healthy at the gym .
I had a similar experience
when I studed at unversity . I at in classes for hours evr day .
hen I finishd classes , I liked to go to th hlth center , not ny to do exercises , but to stay elthy .
At university , I also have a ot of assignments , so I like to go to the lrary to study , where it is mor quiet , spcious an intert accessible .
That 's y I lie to go to a shol with good facilities and wdespred iformation to hlp me to be a succssul prsn .
Sports d soia actvties can reatly improve my efficiency .
In addition , my academic eucation lo stands ou in my studen life .
For the reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend eouh money on cademi education and ocial ctivities to prepare students r their fuure developmet .
cademic educaon will alays be at th heart of a universiy .
In universiies , sots and social activities should by no mans take he place of a focus on academic tud .
I belive that niversities and colege hold spend dequate budget on academ faciites as wl as sports d socal activitie .
Teenagers usuall do n't know what to tud becuse they feel cofued .
It is a rea life stage , u at the me ie , it is difficult . Somtime teeagers ha prbles with their famies , th themselves . As a result , they do n't know what to coose .
Many imes , we people lea high choo and ty go to University , hey realise after several onts hat the course ey hd cosen is no for he .
On te other hand , en tenager take a year o , it is helpul for tm to bcoe mature .
You can work , travel , go on an echange study proram , rest nd do something tt y are interested in .
A ot of eople think it is a waste of time , bt hat is t true .
When students go to university aftr they hav tke a ear f , fewer pople lee he course after several months beause they know themselves tter .
I 'm intrsted in oig a course at our school .
I 've een studying Enlish r eight ears and n I at to imprve my English level bcause I ned it in my job .
I hae an intermediate level n I 'd like to spea English betr because my pronunciation is n't very good .
My grammar and wting ar good , bt as I 've sa already , my prounciation is awful .
I 'm available to str he course immeiately and I wn both an eiht - wee intensive curse and a ne - oth sumer course in Augt , when I 'll be on hlida , and in addition , I 'd li to learn in small groups because the teachr can fcus on hs pupls ette .
In my spa im I li readig English ook and going shopping wit my mothr .
Twenty years ago , no e ould have thuht of h invention of he iPad or smarphones and hw hy could change or lives , u oday , thes tms have ecome neessites of or ily liv . Nowadays , man people have got ito the habit of carrying ther smartphones no mate wher they go .
e progress of science , wether it is in scientific research or in h design of onsumer produts , hs changed ou lvs and will definitely ee chanin or lvs in e future .
The iPd , smartpones , genetic fod engineering , al of them ha one thig in common - they hae change or lives ramatially .
ake netic engineering as an example . On th o hand , it heps frers to produe more cops and meats ; on the othr , it maes people elieve at scientists can hlp in finding more ficient way of producing more cros and poultry in the fuur , reulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , wich brns pollution to h envionmen .
To cop wth th problems of overpopulation d ollution , people need to dramatially hange thir lives in the next 50 years : they m , amng oter higs , ce tight irt control and environental protecion measures impoe by he government .
It is sd to say hat th future geneations av no choice ut to adap to h changs in order to suvie .
Dear Sir / Madam
My am is Stelios . I am a 15-ear - old by n am sending this letr to apply or h job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitale r the jo d I ope tht you 'll agree .
To bgi wth , I am a fluent speke of Eglih . I worked in numerous camps last sumr .
As a result , I coul be very helpful ith organisig sports and activiies , but I cld also prode assistance in her laes , includng e kitchen .
Furthermore , I am cherful , ergetic , ad I et on ell with ids .
To conclud , I beeve that I am iel r h o and I wld lve to rk wth the UA SUMER CAPS , so the kids wh go there can hav their best suer holdy .
Yours faithfully ,
Stelios Mtaas
I watched the lm one month ago a it hs ealy impressive and engrossing effct .
Th film is about a movie shooting an he adventure of a film crew which is in Bivia .
hey try to make a ilm wih eplains how Christoph Colomb discovered America and als out what Colb 's aims were .
They oe across some prbles while they ae shooing the flm and ti upplis quit a ew stong highlights .
These poblems are iperiaism d poverty .
Actually , they an to dscribe the history of discovery an coquest fom a critical perpectiv , but wle shoting the fm , hre ar some protests against the privatization of water and te team al nto chaos and ten the fi starts to ie some ocial and political messages .
e messags are vey mporant es which affected me .
The priva companies try to kee all te public 's wate , wih is vital or ivin , rain is in daner ; even te ri …
e crucia point is te transformatios and experiened contraditions of e characters .
In our imperialist an capitalst world , we ne ore films or artistic inluenes which mntion the roblems of r lfe n relities .
I do n't thin that there is no futre for publi transport and I gre hat tavellin by cr is much or convenien .
If he goernment provided oo transot infrastructure ik oden and comfort buses , traffic fee Mro lis , then people ould rather use public transport than trvl by car .
Nowadays , he wrld is facing b issues , like cliae change a arbon emissions .
Governments should promote the best mode of ransport in ord to reduce carbon emission and people wuld be encouraged to go green .
Many tmes , ecause of huge traffic congestion on h road , we waste our time , ile sing public trnport like the Meto savs us time .
There are man cities in the ord planning r free ds and promoting the u of publi transport .
Department sore are fnd in all big cities .
There yo an id almst evrythig you want .
In this fat - moving world , shopping is one of the most important things , but I strongly beive it is not always enjoyable .
First , shopig cmplexes are fl of ranhes of bg chain - stres , so it an be borin to walk through te for a long tie .
Second , if yu ca n't control your shopping hais , yu wil buy ore and more things you do n't need , so that o could have a roblem ith your budget .
In my opinion , this is th reaso tat shopping is o alwys enjoale and full of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONG PIECE
I always love writing .
I have lways loved ading .
You ever know wt you are going to find when you are readig ( or writing ) and less if u ae ding it on th Internet .
There are suc interesting websites and blogs where y an fi out soethng very usful th you would never hae epected or , unsurprisingly , isiformation .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READE AND WRITRS
Many eopl il fin blog ad webstes useful in orr to mee new peole .
We ko ta making ocil cnact ca sometimes be a problem or a wide range of people , wh sometimes fnd it a lonely and dauntig xperience .
Hwevr , on the intrnet you n fn not onl meeting points but practical d very thought - provoking aticle in logs .
In my experience , being in ont of the scre of a personal omputer , yo will be ble to expes and exchange ideas or opinions as easiy as if yu ha to in frot of someone se .
However , both readers and writers do not oy do it in an altruistic ad philanthroic way , ut to t fam and popularty at the sae time . Blogs and websites culd give them h chance to becoe famos if hey really apeal to a larg numbe of peop and they il also be bl to earn moe thanks to advertising .
Consquently , we shld nvr blindly tst eerything we see or read on the Internet .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
To ve an xample , I usuay follow a bl whose main ask is to nfor about novelis of e n od series , caracters , new sasons , a when they will be eady to watch again .
Wethe they ve us rliable informatio or no usually depns on the sore .
That 's e point of te Inrnet .
You ust n't ae everything into account .
To clrfy at the situation is , it is true that no eveybody m be intrested in blogs or wbsites , but th ft is witin or reading a blog can ive people a pratcal a to communicate and shar prefeences , belis or thoughts . howevr , more or es relable .
Peter looked at his atch d knew that he had to do soething immediatly .
First , I ant to expai w thse ors came to Pet 's head .
He was hunting on a hot dy in mmer in the contrside near Mofraue with J , a ried from Madrid .
Jon did n't usualy go to the contryide , so he d not kw how to walk or te stons and he was arad .
After drinking water from te bole , he fell over on the ass and Pter saw that Jn 's l was broken .
There was a lot of blod a it wa hen that Pete looked at his watc and kn that he had to do someting immediately .
He thught that they must go to the Hspital quickly , because o wuld have a srius proble if he lt more loo .
on 's face was wit and his lips were blue .
Finally , Peter a to the ca nd went to pck n up .
wo hours later , ey were in t emergency room of Cáres Hospitl and te octors we treaig Jon ' s leg .
If Peter had not ru , perhaps Jon would have di .
ear Voluntee Co - ordinat
My name is Farit .
I 'm writing to y in cnnecion with or volunteer proect , wos
descripion I found at http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether yo are
accepting applications at the oment .
Yo prjec is very compelling or me .
I wish I could
take part in it . I cul help you wt teaching math , togethr with copter programming ,
in an engaging n interestg w . I 'm passionate abut ah and programming .
I 'm a 25-year - old male rm Russi .
Currety , I am working as a python programmer .
Programming language is a gre hoic fr teaching is to program .
It 's an ey , beautiful langue .
Programmng is fun and mth concepts are aborbed much more easily through it .
I av a bachlor 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math eacher ) and a master 's degre in computer since .
Please let me nw if yo r looking fo voluntrs nd if u are cosiderng
ppliants fr Rusi .
I will be hapy to send yo my CV n cvering lette .
Looking frward to hearing rom you
Thanks in adace
Fari Bloki
P.S
Would y be so kind as to tell me the aapplication deadlins , an progra start and e de .
I hav a sending organisation " entr for Youth Sudis - Higher School of Economics "
( accreditatin number 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry n I would ik to apply for t job .
Nowadays , I lv in Aberdeen ( Stland ) but I am ro pain .
hre , I studied Geooy . When I finihe my degee I decided to ov to berden in order to improve my Englsh and travel around Scotan .
I am an aventure Geologist , so I like to diover nw plaes d , bove l tigs , I love nture . I wuld be happy to visit the USA because I have evr been there . I think it is a vr rch count , it is vry big , wih a o of people n I would be glad to eet thm .
I hav two little brotes , t neces a one phew , so I am around children and I love it .
My brother , niecs nd nehew a an important part of my lf , so I am always playing with them .
I often try to play intrestig game with e children . I think the ames e a fun wa to teach interesing things both to children and to older peopl . That is wy I invent new methods to introduce science in the hidren 's lives .
h favorit game f my bothers is cald " coa boom " . Wi this ga I showed them what cheistry is . We cugh a " oe " and some " Metos " sweets , then I pt he " Mentos " in the " Coke " ad I tauht tem what happens wn you mix two substances .
Also , I think I would be a god pron for te job bcuse I like nature . I could tach them a lot of things about Glogy , a ca is perfect for intoducing the bo n gis to stones ad mineal .
I wud be app if you consider me if thre a vacancies .
Hi !
My name is Flp Jönssn . I 'm 13 year o .
I have a sistr wose name is Anea Jönon . She 's 16 year ld .
My parents are divorce .
My prents ' nmes are Suana an Peder .
I hae tre dos , oe at my dad 's ad w at my mom 's .
Thei names ae Harry , Alice n Bonti .
Bti is very o . he is 13 and e is feling pretty bd , so I do n't think se il be aie muc longer .
Hary nd Aic e seven and ne .
I ay basketball in my fr time and hang ot with my friends rom my od school .
We all ave things in comn , ke riding scooers .
We ave a ot of fun .
I have moved a lo in my ife . As I said beoe , my parns ae diorced n because of that I have ved a o .
My avorite lace on ert is Hawai .
I will never forget that trip .
At our otel there was ke a water park . It was enormous .
That ri ma me a lot of riends , I 'm still in contat th them and this rip w t ummers g .
We l iked it so mu , so we r hiking about gin back thre smeime .
There s this amazing bac , we cod re pdle boards , snorl gea , kays n oher fn wer things . An , one ay , my om and I wet out early n hired a kayak and went u on the water and we saw s tutles .
I had hired snorkel ar nd a wte cmea , so I took pictur of a turtle on the bottom .
After a wek , we wn home .
My favorite ok is " e Hunger Games " .
Whn I got it , I read it fo five hours in a ro .
I lik that bok so much bease it is pretty realistic an it cul happen in the real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary because of all that appens in h book , al h ad boies and hr people .
u if yu hvn't read it , I suggest yo ead it .
My favorite TV serie is called " Lost " .
I hv sen all the pisoes d I still watch it bcause it 's so god .
I ik it so uc because it 's damatic , full of action ad adventure .
It dos actuall remind me of my faorie video am , wich is calld " Minraft " . You us he har about it .
Evrything is mad of blocks a you n bid an play with frien .
I have played many sports in my life , like footall , golf and tennis .
I hav een playing tennis sinc I was four years old .
But I played asketbal a tennis at the sae tim , so I chose bsktball , beuse I think it 's fun .
Visting museums is an essential at of hei travel to e plas f many people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical paces and attending open - air activties , people also want to see th museu of th city ey vsi .
Because useums offer so many interting and different tins , they diffr from other pace in th cty being vsited .
First of all , peopl vsi museums to learn the history of he city beng vsied . We know tt museus a generally estalshed to exhibit special and nique elngings which a historically valuable as ell as to exhibit moden belongings .
Tee ld hing in h mseum give us unique iformaton about he history of the cit ad i social life .
or example , when you go to the etroplitan Muum of Art in New York City , ou can see lots of histoicl monuments n itm belonging to American htory nd also ter countris ' histo .
Oserving these items , you a ge an ea about h old tim of he place y e visiting .
Seondly , muems ar places fo whre u ca ear abut e culture of the ity you e visiting .
Many its in usems ae cultral vae as ell as historical vlu .
Fr istane , art musus include t collections such as paintgs by any diffent rists .
Some of them were ae in the modern style d ome of he in the classic .
Yo n get an ia of the culture of e city from hese paintings .
T third adantage of visiting a museum is that you c have fun visiing a museum .
Besdes historic and ulturl charater , ome museus also a be a source of fn , ncludig attractive activities .
If you ae bored wit seeing classical museums , y cn go to themtc useums such as a natural hisor mseu .
There you n e dinosaurs rom prehistrc times .
It a be amzig to se difeent species of animals which ae no longer ving .
In u , musems are attractive places for turists to find out about the it thy are visiting .
By visiting museums we a learn interesting dtails abou the histry and culture of that society .
In adition to having lots of information , we al cn ae fun seeing nterestng things in e msems , such as huge dinosaurs . You ay fe incomplete if you do ot visi the museum of the w pce you isi .
I ca n't agree with te statement tht thre is no ture for ubli transport .
Tday plenty of ecolog organisations a tring to rie people 's awareness of e environmental dmage .
They say it is aued by burning i , so socity emans itself to enclose it .
It is often neesary to ave a ar en living in a mal ciy or village without publc trnsprt , and it is undestandable .
Bt while living in a big ciy , where there r lots of bus sop , tm ops or etro sations , it is quite incomprehensible at people want to drive thir own a nd be stuck in a am duig rush hour .
As the ecolog organisations says , it is better for te environment , a as we decided , it is better f us to sve o precious ime .
Increasingly , people prefer to use pbic traport rathr tn drive a cr o thse reasons .
It is not true that pubc transport has no future .
h bigger the cy is , the more important public transpor is .
n now , en cities r xpading , public transpor ill be more imprtan hn ever .
he impoance of the ntenet in u lives
e lat decde there a been a masive change in or ivs . This is caused by he developet of the internet .
There have en some positive a negative effects on the posibilities to study and on social lfe .
In thi ssay I will descrie some of hse effects .
These days , a lot of stents ar using the internet as a study tol .
Te internet alws you to seac for information in massve online libraris fo research and ritng esays .
Thr a massive nlin libraries like Science Dirct or Google Schoa to find the publications of researchers around e world .
Te intern is becoming importan for o studies because of the availability of information source .
he gratest mpat of the itenet on o lives is he us of socal media .
Almost verybod has at ti moment at last ne account on a soci media netwok like Facebook or LinkedIn .
Th positiv effet is that it is possible to be in contact with your fends and family wenever , wherever .
n of the downsides is tht ou are no abl to t away ro your bully .
hi uld drv somene cay ad mae tem very mserable .
The greatest impa of the inrnet on our liv is he use of social media becus o can get in cntact with everybody arond th coc .
The intrnt has a lot of consequences in our lives .
It akes it possie to tudy and do resarch moe sily .
Also , it ive us he possibilit to get in contat wth family ad friends .
There are lso neative effcs like bullying !
I think we sould e the interet carefully nd keep ing it wth caution .
In my life there re so many spors I ik but tre is o in particuar tht I oe so much .
It is ootbal .
When I was young I sa my athr watching football programmes every day but I id n't understand what football wa .
Howee , ve te I bea to understand o to play and I lke it much more th in the pt .
In fact , hn I was sixten years old , I began to go to the stadium ith my friends ver Suda .
In Italy , football is the most folowd sport , especially in my tn where th most important plar in the rld layd : ieo Armando Maradona .
He layd fr my town 's club : Napoli .
He won tw national championships and als an impotnt European competition .
Ever da in my town , people talk only about football cause it can gi you a t of emotions .
A fooball atch is something peial a you do n't see he time tha arriv Sunday to watch yr favorite club 's match .
On te otr hand , my advice at I old ie to someoe who is starig ths ind of sort is tha he must do it with a lot of responsibility a sacrfce if he wans to become noher Mrdona .
Nowadays , most people travel by car ever ay inste of using pbic trnsprt .
ut , is it really ecesary ?
Is it bs for the polluton n the nvionment ?
In the morning , everyone goes to thei jb by cr , but I thin ha th real reason o doing this is at we ne to do a lot of things during h da ad wit publi transpor we spend more time th oing the ae ih our own vehicle .
But , I think ta in oher ass we take the cr withot any eaon . It 's only a b habit n maybe we could change it to iprove or helt ( oig on fot or taking a bike for example ) nd lo we wl hlp to h enionment and te pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and I al eed my car to pik up my daugter from scho in he aftenoon . I live in a bustling city , I do n't ike he trafic . Ten when I et away from the hule and bustle of the ci I suall go to my village .
The a is ot necesay in my quiet vilae a I feel really hapy there .
llo gys , my ne is Mate Davide n I lo a l of things in my ife , but th most important is : plyin tenns .
I ly thi ga fr ties a ee in a really beautiful centre which is called ' R ' .
There are arond n tennis court , one swimmin pool , tw football pitchs and three gyms .
In my opinion , tenns is the best sor because I 'm an indvidualist , so I prefer ndividual sports , bcase in tse kinds of games everything depends on u .
In other sports , this is not t case .
Fr example , durin a football math , if u ak a mistake it is n't oo imortan bcase you ae a ea whch can remedy it , even if o do nothing .
Aother reason for loving thi spot is tt having a acke in my hands , for me , is bautiful .
If y want to sar plaig th sport , remember ta wen u are pling every pint is iporant n ou must n't elax durig h match , eve if you e winning by a er big advantage , because , in a few minutes , ou coud los the mach .
I he ths sport will have or importance in Italy in the future .
Dar Chaira ,
I am riing to yo to rase an important issue concerning he schol librr .
I look forward to understanding a I pe we wl reac a consenss .
First of all , it is ey imortant to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
For may ear , we upils av been waiting r a library .
Yet , it has still nt been buil .
Togeter with an uoffcial Student oncil , we created a ptiion hich is to rse e ssu with t teching couil .
Our priority is good prepration fo the secdary school certificate .
For is purpose , we need a quiet lce to study .
oreove , pupil demand the possibility to borrw bos .
It is the most iportant atter , because most of us are not be to uy higly educational books .
Thy are siply to xpensive .
Ou requet bis down to th fudamental rol of education .
It is brodening th orizos of ur knowledge .
Beide t issues that have lready been entined , thr is also e undisputed fact that if our school ha a rch computerized library , it would be more representative .
Gven he rationality of e aove arguments , we pupils expect the positive consideation of ou requet .
Respectfully yours ,
Piotr Dudek .
ur lives ave changed a lot sin the last ceury due to techologicl improvements and change in societ .
But hw will people 's lives change in the nxt 50 ears ?
Thi is a difficlt question to nswer oo quickly ecause we hae to take int acont tat we have no enough knowledge at all to do it .
That 's why we have to describe so iportant des elate to th toic .
Fist of al , as we sid before , pople 's lives have haged due to w imporant elements , which ae tecnological improvements a chnges in society .
The first one is vr obvious becaus , evry dy , researchers ar discovering new hings ad improving e scientific knowledge tht allows us to reate n inventions and improe the ol oes .
For eampl , on of e ms important devces tht has ken an important ol in our lis is the mobie phne , which has chaned extremely fst ove the st en years .
Aoher example is cars , ich are gng the sme a as the mobil phone a dn .
e scond on is very important too , bause soiety has changed a l as well as peopl 's mids .
For instance , one hundred ear ago , it was imossible to see a wman working and suporing he whole famly alone financally , or studing fr a deree at university , things tht today are very usual a well accepted in our socety .
In additon , thee are other conditions nd facts tht ae helpd to change eope 's lives , such as poliicl deisions , globl wars nd global economic prolms , etc .
To sm up , here are mn ises ta affect popl 's lives and we do not no w hey wil change in e fuur , but we are sure hat in 50 ers from now there wl be an important change as happeed 50 ear a .
Dear Mr ond ,
I am writing to You in connection ith your requet fo inormatin about an interesting bilding or place to vsi in Katwice .
Fist , I would like to tell yo at Katowic is a wonderful city , full of gra plac to e .
The ost iteresting is the at galer , Oko Miasta , which is located in te ct centre .
It is a ver distictive place becue of ts size , i appearace and ts atmsphere .
Wat 's mr , in th iddle of the building , there is a sall lrary here pele usually u the latt boks ad papes .
It is a good place fo veryone who wan to g some Polish literure .
Furthermore , in the buildng of the art galley ere is a club Oko .
Not ol is it the popular lace mog young Poish citizens , bu it is lso eally extraordinary : peope a wlk the red crpet a drink he most famou drinks .
In my opinio , the art galler , Oko Mast , would be te best pae yu cold visit th or group .
I reomend it because it is the best plc or you people .
I hope my hlp wa usul .
I look forward to hearing fo you .
Yours sincerely ,
XZ
Hit and run
Do you ke adventure spots ?
Or do y rfer he relaxed oes ?
If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
Gras hockey is a popula spr played by eople of all ages and it 's played moe in countries like Britain , Argentina or ermany , tha in Spain or Itay .
Ths ort consists of beating h ivl by scoring as many goals as posible .
In ord to score , ou shuld push a small white plast bl into th al usig a stck .
In my opinion , gras ockey is the best sport y can play as it requires yu to be rally focused on hitting e bl correctly .
Besides , when you ply it , you st mv yor hle dy , because yu ha to rn n ide th ball ve the field .
So now , if u 're thinking hocey is for you , I recomnd ou to by a ir of go grass boots .
And do n't orr if you ae not good at pors at involve usng a to , yu cn alway be th oal keeper in your team .
It w a norml Friy aftenoon .
Michael a om alne , spending me in front of the TV , watchin his favourite moi .
Whle he a lost in te actio , a strange n uexected sound ca from his sster 's bedroom .
He contiued watching the oie , tiking it must be nothig .
Then there it was again , he ond .
" Hel , is soene there ? " , Mihae sked .
Suddny , a lo ban .
ichael reached r is bsebll bat , eady to look into at was gin on .
He tptoed to h ster 's room , knocke slently , hoping there was no anser .
And there s n't .
" Oa , I hin it 's tie I went in " .
He lwly opened the door , and a cat jumd right in front of i . "
A cat ?
All th was caused by a cat ?
My sister shod definitely close h wdows . I am going out of this house . I shud leave this cat hee and l it ri e hing " .
Micel closed te dr n kn at that moment he had made a mistak .
Destination : Disney .
Do o iagie travelling to the United States ?
av you ever gone to a pce dsignated oy r having fun ?
Disney is the dream of a lot of people in t wrld , mny of them he said th it is a aic and aesome eperence .
First , Disney is t an ordinary destination like eahes or mountins , it is a plc ha requires a ifferent means of transport since it is a long wa away .
The vacation strs when the pla aes f an neves and happiness blend , creati an experiene o wl nvr frget .
hen te lane arrives at the arpot in Miami , yo an appreciate the beautiful vie tha this place offers .
Secondly , e entance to isne is incredible n colorfu . It also has t main characters in it .
Disney has sch a lot of amusement paks th make th pae fanasti .
ach one has a diffeen topic and amazing rides perec fo adolescent .
Although ths place offers a very good service fr etng , you can brng yor wn food .
To conclude , Disne ha so my failiies tht it is impoible to get bored , you cn rlax in your htel and hv an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
I do n't gre wi h statement .
I think ha pulic transport will be used more in the future .
Indeed , it is ue hat travelling by ca is uh more convenient .
But cr need petrol .
Fossil resources ar about to run ot .
We therefore hav to choose other alternatives .
Fo the sa of that , public transpo will be improved , isead of beig rpaced by cars .
On the othe ha , more eltric car ae prouced every er .
This technogy ll be improved further in the future .
hs fact cod kep the are of cars .
o the abo rasons , I suspect that the share of puic transort wo n't decreae , but wl rather increase in the ftre .
h sre of cas could reain becuse of elctric cars .
But the way of usig crs ould cage .
For eamle , ca sharing ould increase in the city .
I 'm not dicted to fils whatsoever , but I pefer to watch te ones that are said to be god and stand out from the ohes .
Bsies that , if I had to choose a type of flm , I ould sy , cmedy and action ones ae the most appealing to me , if they have a eal rmatic n coherent soy insed of a fictitious ad meaningless one .
Rently , I saw two pretty god ils aled " The Wl of Wll Strt " and " Capitan Philips " , films that ld my attention om e fir minue .
Honestly , he lasted for 3 hours , but e most ipressie of all ths is that they were abl to crat a snge ord between me and the screen or al that time .
They rally hl my attention , they ad al the characteristics that I cosider te basic ones in a film , no to mention th astonishing ators hat gv an impressive performance .
l I epect in a fl is the way thy estbish connections beeen t aors d the audience in a way tha llos th to ply wih the charcters as if the were puppets and to ceate a coheret a attractive fim .
Dar , Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter regarding te advertiseme abou the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I underand hat you require people who hae go Engis , re enretic , cheerful an ardworkig , who r bl to look ftr childr between 8 and 12 , hlp organise sorts and evenng activities and rk in e kitchen .
I have pevious exerience working with " ADRENALINE UMMER CAMS " coching hilden in ow to pla football for a football hamionship . Within th smme camps , I alo orgaize other activies such as climbing , running , competitions , expedtions a other movement .
In additin , I helped in th kchen to ppare fesh food o te children .
Durin te time I ent coaching , oranizing and helping in h kichn , I learnt hat the most importa thing is to ep a positive attitud a always motvte them ery step of the way .
In ti wy , te kids are lwys up or the hllenge n do t give up upon meeting tir first obstacle .
I truly enjoy orkin it children to elp them ern and mprove their aeady acquired ills , especaly in sports .
Hene t reason I am very intereted in this opportnty to coach spot for childen during this sumer .
I look forward to hearig ro you soon .
Yours faithfully
Mnia
Because of him , I am what I am .
I think everybody knows the importance of having a person who is always there .
A erso tha kes a fixe lac in our life n without that person u ca n't lv .
My bst friend is call Cristoh .
He is 1.80 meters al and 23 years ld .
He is a soldr in the militay in hu , were he wok as a tache .
In the uture he wants to be a general .
We met years ago , he we were babies , bause our moters re and are good frieds .
He is a ver honest pson and has short blond hair and rwn es .
urng h holidays a at the eeends , he wears summer clothes .
As you might thnk , he is a very straight person h knows at he wat .
ut he also a be harmfully d sensitve .
o me , a goo perso to speak wih about everything , especially about my problems .
Although we have mny different viws on ife , we understnd eac ohr and are est friends .
any people aound the world follow internatioal sports events passionately .
Tha col be a great a to stp international tensions , although crises ad as ill exist .
h most important evnts take place in some diffeent country every four yrs .
Of cors , during these evts all the ord watches them .
Sports in general are follow by a huge percentage of the pouation .
I do n't suall watch sports competiios . I used to do that omtimes , ut nowadays I 've en thinking that it 's jst a waste of money nd time .
Tat is probal becuse I do n't ik eam prts .
I 'm kee on individul discipline .
I do n't wa to appea too rigid , b I 've seen to many time ow people orget e real pobles and hnk only about this thing .
eople seem to be distacte from their el life .
h point is that we have to make t wld btter , not jst sometims , bu forever .
Drng ths events , people sm to fall into a pacful drem wher all the countries love each other withu hwing rcist feelings .
Whereas , fen , we see bad behaior .
I 'm happy about that , u I still hink that it 's not he truth .
Probab we , as the han race , ne hs kind of thing .
I 'd prefer ha people demonstrat oo behavior independently of international sports eets .
On he oher hand , soetmes I feel happy uring these ents because people ees to be so ecied .
In my opinion , we have to eal with a lot of othe important poin related to or culture .
I 've been interested in playing an nstrumet since I was a child .
When I was young , we ed to ha a piano in ur ining om becae my mohr ed to play it .
atent ingeprints are commonly fond at te scne of a crie .
They are key clues in forensic investigatin .
Persistence and uniqueness are th charateristics of h fingerprint .
The lent fom of fingerprint is ivisible to the uan e , hence te eed for some methods for viualizaton and developmnt of laten fingerprnts .
Diverget approaches re se on a routie bai for h development of atent fingerprints .
Powders , by aherig physically to e fingerprint resdue develop e laent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reaction wth he orgaic and inorganic pats of th fingerprints . Developing he ltent , sal particle reagent developed latent fingerprins by adhesio to sebaceous cnten of e fngerprint , inhydin ractig with ino ad of te fingerprin and developing the laent aks . Sigle and multi - metal depostion methods work on the princie of deposition ad result in th egaive deeloment of laten marks .
So , from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
w methods are continually dde in h literature and show the importance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .
One can easly deduce information bout culprits from e paial frm of a latet fgerprint .
ave you ever wonded why we ee sports ?
As we all know , they e an essetal part of ur life .
I belee that nobody can do without hem .
Firstly , srt is te bet w to iprove ur immune system .
o example , layig sport at least twice a wee prevents iseass n obesity .
Wat is mr , if y wnt to g i of depression or stress , go to the gm .
Accorig to scientific research , metal elth is closely connected to physil health .
As fo me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and or out .
I am ito it because it is quie adictive and spectaculous .
oreove , it is nsidered to be one of the mot active and popular kin of sport a around the wod .
To sm up , I beleve that if you wat to be mentaly and physically t , you should try to do me sort an execis . Al , do not worry if ou are not so goo at it , jst kep don it and enjoy yourself .
Plans hae been idely used by amost all culures in peviou enturies for medcial purposes and are commnly knw as herbal mdicines ( Izo and rnst , 200 ) .
These e efine as plant - derved substces that cur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing pocesses an which aage and cur various health conditio effctively ( et , 20 ; acjian ; Mai d ahangir , 201 ) .
Although herbal medicines av sgnificatly performed well in the treatment and management of illnes , eople have incrasngly cnsmed thes producs vi self - directed herpy .
This ssay il demonstrate ht there is onsideable evidence for a posble detrimental affect on pubi heah due to t increasing e of self - prescribed herbal medines nd that a health crisis is likely if no acto is taken by ealh organisations .
h most recent thriller I 've sen is " The Mierables " .
However , I 'm n referrn to t musal , r t intermedite version ; he oldest vrsin is he relvnt one .
It is a movie that presents a lot of rihness in haracters and historical facts .
You e able to analyse human emotions ad ationalise moral situations , so it is a movi that rovides a ot of factor .
I foud it er eciting because it shows a pre - revolutinary era whe Je aljean is sent to wok as a slve for stealing a small piece of bread .
Ate he nds s sennce , he has to solve may orl sitaions that prve wh he eally is .
It is ver profound too , becae it shows y problems that ould happen , bu on a minor scle .
Wt really mkes he difference is if you choose to hp others or not .
I thin people who ra the ok ( riten by Victor ug ) ho are ntersted in hi historica incident , or who mely an to analyse huma relationshi mst see te movie .
This is due to h fact that it wl each a lot abot Fenh daily lf nd about wat inpires eope to improve d do good .
As the m left the afé , Maria sw that hi phoe as sill on h ble .
hen she tk e poe and ran ut e fé .
The man was so ar from h ha e had to un vey fs towards him .
Suddenly , the an tured bck and looe at h .
She noticed he as Robert , her fis boyfrid , but he looked ik an nel .
In fac , he was wearing a black uit and a lovey lnn tie .
Maria could hardly say nyting , she was shocked by Robert .
hn Robrt mile nd giving h hand twards es , aid : ' I have missed yo a lot ' .
In orer to build more necessy ntworks of housing and transport , ars of farmland , fres and wetland hae to be destroyed by may outries today .
Such large - scle buildin rojets av created a age amount of problems r both human beings and nimals .
Pple wo make teir vings by elling he products they obtain from frmlan , forests nd wetlands will loe their sorcs of income .
In adition , farmrs , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are use to lvng in sc aras have to mv to cities and r to find e jobs .
They are less likely to fnd god jobs because most of them a t highy educated .
As a resul , they wi not make enough oney to afford tir liig in uran areas and wl even face problem of povety .
Meawhile , wild animals whi hve orests and welands as the haitats wil lse eir homes nd id it difficult to survive in jungles of corete . Endanered animals wll be harr to find after the destrucion of their homelands .
Ao , thre ill be no reh grass d grains r domesic anmas , su as cows , lambs , ickens to be fed .
To reduce the above problms , it is necessary for governments to ln aefully efore the construtio of buildings d transport a ry their bes to decrease t sd effects .
Te should provide inancal support to hose h once lived in such estroyed aeas and hel thm develop professional sills to look for od jo .
Meanhile , they need to build nature reserves for wild animals whch can not esil find ohe habitats to live in .
Alhough ther wl be many ba influence of lre - scale buildig on pepl and animals , cutries woul develop betr if govrments could mae efforts to solve the above problems .
I agree th e statemnt th shoppin is o always enjoyable .
Personall , for me , shppin is ery pleasant , u ometimes it c be a lite tiing .
In my opinion , there are a few avatages of shoppng .
Frt of all , if we are in shop , we cn buy everythi we want .
Another go int of shopin is t fact tt it could be elaxing for some eole .
I lie buyng some clothes or cosmetics .
It gis me leasue and is fn .
Anyay , there are aso some disadvntages of shpping .
Michael was a 23-ye - old by who wted to be a famous artist .
He had reat alent , bt no o understo hi creative mind .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passn , cept Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him eery tm he wanted to ve up his dream .
At that me , Kate a worin in an internainal adverising agency .
It was a ealy usy and dfficult perd for her eause her customers in every corner of the Earth wanted something n in the field of ar .
hy waned something that could be radiional n revolutionay at the ae time , somethi tt cold gve a new vision of realiy , an Kae started to offer some information about any artists .
One nht she wa wking at ome . She s in difficly because no e satisfied her clients .
She sated to be a little bit nervou , she wa n't be to find n solutin when , suddnly , she reebered that Michael 's art hd he feaurs reuested by her clients .
She immediately picked up the phone and calle Michael a she started to expain hr project .
Michel w ver excited because he finally had e opportunty to introuce his view of r throgh his pictures .
After ts of meetings and conferences with the epresenation of Chin , Japan , e U and Oeana , Michael began to be e mn w he a dreamed of beig sine he s a hld .
o he was faous and everyne respected m .
Everything was going well except his behaviour towards his rend Kate .
He sated to be very rude n sometimes he treated Kte like an inerior girl .
One day , te w rinds d a terrible argument .
Kate told ichael that t ame had made him blnd and Michael did n't wat to litn to her .
Kate as realy angry d h ordeed i to leave her room immediately .
Kt was crying a lot but ihael r away .
Michael closed he door d new at that oent he had md a mistake .
Enjoying the oudoors in my rea
Intouction
The purpose of thi rprt is to propose the bt places for isitig d to ow h wide ang of exising facilities which n be used by youg peope ho are going to make a trip to my ea .
Wht lace you an visit
There a many prk a green rea close to this ct here yun peop can pend hir ime outdoors nd ha fn a a befoe going out , ch a park is caled San francisco , which h a big lke d local yung peopl usually have babecues there fer they have done sm wate sport or rned a boa .
In addition , there is a lot of publi transport which can drop yo of in fron of th ark .
Where you n av an aazin night
We have an acive nghtlfe in this cy . Li gigs are performed from Wedneday to Sunday in everl pubs with free acce n r inmas hv alwys had ood movie lstings .
Whenever I hear about fmous ator or singers complaing abou photographers folwing them , I ca n't get a mile off my ce .
What 's the description of a famous perso ?
Most of the people ow a t abut he .
So do n't tell me that famous peol do n't enjoy being on the frot pag of the newspaper or any other agazin .
In my opino , fme is a eed for actors d usicins in popular culture .
Despite the fct I said that amous pope need to be ell kwn , I think tat ca n't be applied to politicins .
The rsonal sae in thei life should be larger than in a oie star 's , but they shold ake their decisions transparent for os of the opulation though .
It is thi o to ke decisions that nsure the benef of the people in their coutr , but we do n't ee to now anythng else about hem , after they come home to spend sme tm wh thi familes .
Computers and Ifomation Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendtion
To Who It May Concern ,
It is my please to write a recommendation letter for Mr
Kadeer Adu - amid .
I have known Kadeer since 202 , when he joied the faculty of Computers n Infomaion , Fayoum nivesity , as an undegraduate student .
He attended my labs on the " stutured programming " course durng the fist year .
Whie ttending my labs , he showed hmelf to be an active and rd - working student .
We requntly discussed vaious difficult problems in he scope of th ourse , and I a impressed by his analytical abilities .
He ao attended my lectre and ab on the " va SE " summer training course .
He soed a distinct intellectal lev copard to oter stuents .
Also drin this coue , he had to work in a team and delver a project as a equiremnt r the cours .
He contibuted excellent a innovative ideas during hs project n he shed th he is an excellent team lyer .
Indeed , I cosider Mr
Kader as n of the most excelen and outstanding personalities mng his colleues .
I belive that Mr Kader will perform ery well and I tongly recommend hi fo the " Google Student Ambassdor MNA Program " .
Sicrely ,
E .
Mahbub zzeldeen Ganim
Assistance Lectue at CS Dep . ,
Computers and Information Faculty ,
Fayoum University , Fayou , Egypt .
Phone Number : + 2001234579
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.e.eg
nce po a me , tere lived a y name Miche .
He lived in a village ea a raiway station .
He was ey naughty an wa ot vey interested in i studi .
He as a vey big mnace and th villagers hated him ecuse of his mischieous behavior .
One day whil he w all alne at ho , he thouht of calling e fir brgae and lid n prtended hs ous as on fire .
People gathered roud s hus earng him sceaming out loud d wihin no ime the fir brigade also arrived at te destination .
At the same te , s parts reached e place a seeing h big row and e re brgad th ere horrified .
Thy ran towards teir house , worried about teir cild .
Every Eeryne wa shocked and no o knew hat was hapenng .
atr , i parents became er angry ad even at h for hs mischief .
His parent scolded h ad made hm mak a romise to them hat he woud n't lie evr in h le again .
He was evn me to aologie to al t neighborng vilgers .
He went to his room and felt er a fr wht he i .
Micheal closed the door n knew at that omet , he had mde a mistake .
at month I wahed Fst d urious 7 , a im starring in Diesel n my favorite tor , Dwayne ' T Rock ' Johson .
This lm wa about ow a previous robbery whic had en commted by Vin 's gan leads to the hatrd of a crimial plye by Jason Statham .
Jao Statham a so strong and made l the gan feel terible fa as Dayne Johnsn a inoaded and heavily wounded .
h chang of Jan vs. V was so excitin . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jas is interupted by anothr party .
However , both of them did not uite to fe the intruder and continued to assault e another .
Te end of the sry comes when Desl gets cornerd by Jao , sddely wayne cme and sho Jason ith a mchin gu .
e nx scene was the demolishing of th whole building as el as the lowng up of Jason 's heicopter .
Finally , Dsel was oun alive an was vauated to th medical cter , wile Jason as taken to h al .
Vin 's fmily lived happiy er after ecause h enem was eradicated an th rest o jailed .
h film was the last movie starring Pul Walker as , during the flm podution pcess , he passed away due to a cr cident .
Tis il 's Sondtrac , ' e You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalia a dedated to Pul .
This il wl keep everyone 's atention because e scenaro , the actin scens , d dma beyond Paul 's death are harmnize rigorously .
Moreover , the special effects which ar used are so immense and cau us to fee h emotions of the acos .
ea Maco ,
I am sry to ear that yo 've got to ive up iter spor or msic .
I know ho muc you like both activities so I suppose yu ae aing a had tim .
Scer has alway been art of you lif an memories of ou as a kid kicking a ball igge ta ou a still vivid in my in .
I ill remembr t first day we ent to attend a socr leso . You prmised me u would never giv up ! You dreamt of becomng a rofesional payer and decided wha your life woul be like once you achieved it .
You 've kept working on it for aost your nire life now ad , alough you ae not become a professional oe , ou ha never given up .
However , piano is so part of your life .
Wn I fist itroduced you to it , you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
But again , you never gave up a now you ay in the r Orestra in Town , hich show how b you a .
Prof n ly that you e very determned , but tat piano aying was meat to be .
We have njoye music together o nearly 20 year ad most of our god times are related to th .
As you aked f my take , wha I tried to do was nthing but thn of u as if you wr my son .
I imagned the scenario wt Mathew coming up to me and looking f some adie .
First off , I would tak him on a ong journ by car .
I 'd sugget we ta some days o together and head for y particular pae he wol li to go to .
Th , once we gt on the car , I 'd let the music we had plnnd bfre as th ideal background bsob us before uttering any wod .
Only after driving or a while would I ask hi to tel me what he 's been up to lately d if there 's anything he hs't old me abo but is kn to etion o .
At tht pin , I woul lt his talkin go on withou stopping hm through iterruption .
I 'm convinced he 'd speak s tought at one ithout bating around the bush and all s fa n doubt oul slip ut .
By now , he will be abe to answ f himsel ay questions he 's ben troubled by .
ll I 'd have to do is jus point out wht the mi points are th he is too dull to see .
Because tat 's what an outside rierion is eeded fo .
Somene else can just help you think u and be nothing but spportive .
hn he 'll be os o wrds as ch as he spoke and he will be wlling to put he whole thing side d st lose himself in soe drinks , although he hasn't com of ag yet for tat .
Perhaps the next dy , he wo n't en be able to recal what e talk was bout , b I 'm pretty sur that aftr all this , ep down in himself he wl kn wh the best mov to me is ! !
Let 's ak about sports
Do you ave a favourit sport ? I have !
I really enjoy olleybll d horse ridng , although my favourit ort is swimming .
Have you ve tried it ?
You should .
It is a hard sport , bt whn you are doing it , yu forge all your problems .
Swimming is a fantatic port , epecially in the mmer , because in th water you ca cl dw .
If yu re starting thi sport , you soul n't be afraid of the water .
Do what you n do , nd whe you think th yu ca n't do it , ty your best .
u jut nee to patise .
Everyoe shoul do a prt . Whe you r dong it , u do n't think bout ything els .
You st y to do or est .
riving my o c sem really convenient f travelling , b public transportatin is the mos effectve wa to take people rom o place to another .
Try to imagine if everyone in e city d his or r own ehicle . We wold alwas be ate e to t terrible traffic jms .
In fct , travelling by a is not coveient when ople have teir w cars for thi family or themslves .
The rason is hat we have to wke up in the very erl morning to avoid he traffi jams to atten school , wrk , etc .
T main advantage of public transportation is that it ca tranpot a lrge umber of passengr at a elatively ow cost .
For example , a u n take more tn 40 passengers at oe time at a l cot .
For another , the bway is abe to tansprt a nubr of peol around e city .
e second benefit of public transportaion is that it ca reduce th ai polltion in a city .
To ay vehice in a crowded city wl incras t carbon dioxide emissions .
In onclusio , publc ransportation wl stil pa an imprtant roe in transportation in a city , unless environmentlly - friendly vehicles are pomotd by t gornment n t ods and hihways in a cty are managed wel to accommoate a he nubr of cars .
It 's really important that we do higs we soud do .
So , we can obtain ertai benefits and oe doors ca be opee asiy .
There are some peole that spend oo much of their time oing nothig useful , although others may y that it hels to be mo relaxed in heir livs .
Persnally , people st dedicate most of their tim to things they should do or o important easos .
Fist , u gai time doing ssential things .
By oing so , you immediately take dvantage of e time in your life doing somethig essential .
For examp , when I was 17 , I wa starting my first day of lass at he university .
I started to el ore wt the complementary cours on my curriulum because they were the kind of orses ta did n't have a releace to my uiversity course , wich is mainly bot Sytem Engineering , an I was required to te complementary couss such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
But later , wn I graduted , I realized how importan those ubjects wre .
I a able to plain something basic about Ecolog ht my grandfather had trouble th when I ent for a vacation in t counrysde .
That experience taught me ho important it is to do whatever yu are required to do - such as taking compleentay courses - witou rejectn it , bcaue somehow it 'll be elpful laer in life .
Second , if yu void doing higs jut cause you do n't ke them , you 'll mss opportunities .
You 'll dedicate your time only to things r personal enjymen and it wl eally hur you .
For instance , a friend of ine called reddy a in a soca lu in the ci . He s equied to run around the poo or 30 minutes .
He refused to do ht .
In the ed , ne gu decided to do the challenge .
He ran fo 30 minutes around te pl d hen he fnised , my frind tartd laugig at him .
Noody had noticed tat he president of the social cub had an award or t runer , and he eceived an amount of 30,000 dolar r his effo .
As y can e , my fien missed te opotunity ecase he i n't ike what he as asked to do .
To m up , it is a good decision if you do thigs ta are ecessary or neded at the moment , even thoug yu do n't lke hem .
If you do essential things , you gain tm in your life at the same tme .
If you would rather avid esentil or requied things , yo 'll ms mny cance to succed .
So , we should focus our minds on making the right eciion d spend our time wisely doig what is mot important .
Sm people think that computers are h mot imortant invention of the lt cenury , while others think that there are a lo of inventions througout histor that r me imprtat than he computr .
Pesonally , I hink the cmpuer brings ny changes in the world , a it is for that hat I tik it is te most important invention .
Soe peole a that e computer hangs e way pepe e the world , and thi chans h way in ich humns eceive everything th hapes arod e world or only in her socal le .
Fr example , ne person a be informed aot what is happening on the oter side of the world wth just a clik .
On the other hand , other people onl se the cmputer to ha communiction with omeone , ve entertainment with some movies , ich cn be rm anywhere , or simply have some fun line wh their frieds tht live abroad or ar bsy all the time .
In contrast , some people think that t computer is just one ore inventio in the history of humanity , a although thy acce that it is an iporant inventio and chane he wrld , they pfer to s that thee exis inventions more important tn e computr tha we still use nowaays .
Fr example , ppr or the weel .
Overl , people r divided as to what they hin about the os iortant invention in the rld and hat changs tee objects ke to he wold and humaniy . I stll hnk th the computer is the mot important invetion bcause it not only chang one part of histoy like ppr or he wee d , it changes every aspect of a hmn 's life .
Personally , I prefer iferent movs .
The choice always deends on my mod .
Mt of the time , I like to watch comedies , loe stoie an adventure movie because thse typ of ilm can lp me relx after a hard working day .
I do n't lie horrors because they always have a d impact on my mood .
Therefore , I feel more peaceful whn I iew something fuy , adventuus a undemanding .
In my opinion , pple watch movies because the nt to spend thir eisur time .
Move compnies offer all kinds of movies , so eveybod c choose somehing that hey ke .
I thnk ohe media will flfil the funcios as el .
r exape , books also help us relax .
Besides , we c learn ometing kne rom ook .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Thank you for yur eply , it s so useful , bt I still av oe questions and I would be realy pleased if you could give me ths necessary information .
Fir of al , I ant to know what waer port you offer , because our grou of student woul proably be interested in doig smehing lated to water , for instance , surfing , ivin or saling , d to the ac that ty are ed to being constantly in contact with the e ( we lie in Barcelon ) n , theefore , they develop a real pasion for it .
In addition , I would lo lke to s o abt t ye of equipmet y an lend us to do these knds of activities an sports I ave ust mntione .
For eaple , for doing diving , do you prvid all te diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security lements , tc . ) ?
Tht is something really imotant for us .
As o aid , the safety of t students is our in concern . We ust be copletel sure ta you il take ae of th , hiefy because most of t student ae still young an we hae a strong comtment to thir parents .
Your truly ,
Jennifer Barraza
In my opinion , his statement could be me by a perso o lives in a ciy with lttle traffic or a person wh prefers to tral in a re y instead of bing coerned about ublic transport schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a peso who live in a big city , especially if yu tak to account he conomi spcts .
The mst cmmon problem in rowded cies is hat usually te have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many as .
In my view , using public transrt in ti case hs tw impoant advantages : the first one is ou do n't have to worry about aking ; the send e is you c move in a relaxed wy , rading a book , listening to music or talking with other assenger .
Neverthless , having a r in a big city is que xpensiv nwadays , o ly becue the price of petrol is contiuusly ising , but as ecaue ou have to pay hgh taxes for the car .
In shrt , although travlling by a is more comfortable and easier tan doin it by public transport , it is not pobabe hat it will disappear in the near futre .
Is it re that ther is no future fr pubi transpor ?
As I see it , there re severl wa to improve , it because we a ryng to invent a lot of things every dy .
Yu ay not hik , it but when yo are jt thinking , yu may have te chance to invent something new an ueul for humanty .
nventors work years to ahieve their oas . They a working on hei projects every day , like you .
So we ave the chance to improve pubic tanspor .
ing new vhicls , travlling c be more comfortable and easier .Evryone in hi world wud have a better lie . I am really hap when I simply see a e bus wi i conditioning or anything wih can make travlling ejoyable .
Mst pele are frustrated or agitate because tey have to us pblic transport .
If the bus drivrs could foow their timetables there oul n't be an gument .
Articial intellignce is one of t et ways , we a sitc drvers to these vehcles .
They old nl follow orders and ould n't be lte ad thre wuld not be n argments .
In conclusion , we ae a lot of things to improve .
We can also help by pyng fr r tickets . Yes , this is simple , but these comanies nd money to prove teir busineses .
Help them and njo yor journey .
A hect a .
It wa raining ts an dogs when she realized that sh a lt one of e most importnt thins in h ife .
n you imagine what it as ?
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing fo ms people , but it s f her .
It was a ring whih was given to her by h mother .
robbly hat da w the worst day in her life , besides h not havig got rried , her sister hd ie in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . er sister s driin frm Ciudadela an she crased int a tree .
She w ousde t chuch when a friend of hers caled to te r th news about the accident .
If I had non tt there would be so ma problems , I 'd ae goe abroa instead to et married .
Hlo I 'm Mathieu Sanabri and I 'm here to deny and expln everything bout the case of my sextap . I we to a party with my football te - mats n we wer having a ale of time . hen some girls arrived and I started to talk it on of the . I ike h d she lie me so , we ent to my rom to have privay and I do n't know ow , but some gs got it my room and arted to rcor me with th girl and I d n't notice . Then an ds later , I received a call from a guy who tld me that he had a er explicit vide of me doing things with a grl and that if I d n't give him soe money he would pt ht video on the Internet .
I thugh that he makes a wi goose cae he a ut bitten of more hn he culd ch becau he did n't know me n I was gng to mke h pay or at he ha oe .
In othr was I 'll talk about Bezma . He hs been my riend r many yeas , t I 'm not sue if he is with me or with h thers gys , so I want to listen to tir versio of h story so he is hre to talk but tht .
I 'm edar Bnzma n I 'm bamed or Mahieu 's sextape .
One of my bst friends called me w weks ago .
He said to me he eded money .
I had n't got eogh money so I told him .
I 'm uted because he as my childhood frin .
He talked about a plan relating to Sanabria .
He set up he ln and he carrie it out .
He made a video of his rend nd Matiu .
He asked me ow muh mey he shol dmnd fom Mathi ? Then I asked him how much he needed?He said abot one hndred thosand euros ad afer that I said " you can get it " . With hidsight , I was wrong bcause it s ilegal .
So no I regret that ad I apologise for this situation .
The Numb of te Beast was the thir album Iron Maiden released .
The British bn announce that the album was coming with news ; a e singer , Buce Dickison , joined the group and mde the fns completely astonished by his nice - souding voi .
Most of h sogs show emoniac eatures , causing rious ocerns in the media .
e album 's name is fr h song by the ae me : The Numbr of h Beat .
In hs aum , the drummr as really great and fantastic eletric guitar sos we performed too .
Ths ddy - named album becae e st el - known in e history of h nd .
I 'd say ht as ter best album a , obvously , they rk .
I live in Chennai , on of he ms populate cties in Indi , perhp e of he ms polluted cities in Indi o .
The ity is dwell wi pepl , ca , bikes nd factories , whic turns ot to be e of the pollute cities in India .
T infrastrucure buil or controlling and maintainng t environmental cosystm is b . In othe word , the governen and people do t ae abu he environent , ther they spoi t enironment .
he governmet lwys say they are din thei best to improve he enironmnt but nothing is done . Peras they re mismanagin people 's money in tems of varous projects that control he pollutin of th city .
The governmet is not e only one to bam , u also he people o liv here , ho nver care abu their environmen .
They pollute moe than factories do , by using astic materis , disposing of waste in pulic places , and som people en ted to split nd us plic plces as hir toit .
Althog many factoies an people re polluin the environment drastically , some peple d organizations are protecting t environment , but most ftn hee peple r discriminated agist by society .
But the do n't care abut tis ad continu with thei work . Often hse pope ted to demonstrate t effec of he pollution on peple ad future geeratons nd have made some people chang the way they ok at he city , b oen , mst peol do n't care about wa ty try to say a oetimes these peopl ar solded .
So far , peopl do n't understand the consequence of pollution , but withi a deade they wll suffer and undrstand the consequences of pollution in their life for re .
Dar Jo
I hav see your advertisemt and I woud be mr than dlighte to te pt in a summer camp as an assistant .
I am 19 years old and I hve 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
I thnk I ave sme experience wit young chldren as I have to take ar of my wn rohers very d .
In addition to this , I go to te gym three time a frtnight and I ae tan swimming lsons for 3 years .
Also , I have taken some ef - dfese lessons ad a cimbng cors over he ls .
I think that I deserve to have a job here ecuse , with my swiming a climbing knoledge , I can entetai h children .
d in order to el them defend hemselves , I can als tach thm some techniques for lf - deese .
Anyway , I hope I il e the job , and I am able to atted an interview at half past nine on Satrda .
ors faithfuly
Andrei
uiz Ináio Lul da Silva , Lula , is a lgen .
As the oy Brazilian president rm an underivileged background , Ll has made histor after runng for Presidnt fu tims .
Since he took up ofce in 2002 , Lua as mae major structural changes in Brazil , taking me than forty million Brziians t of extreme porty .
Duig ua 's era , fm 22 to 210 , Brzl experienced an econoic boo like ever before ad became a world economi ower .
Democray alo h fundamental changs in tha period .
To curb corruption , new laws were created , institutons wr re - structured and innovative mechanisms er developed to enae and gi vic to he ciil society .
Minority goups received me attntin to protect heir right a invstments in education , ealt n wl - being increased .
Curiously , Lula is t nly Brazlian presidnt ithout a univrsty deee .
o the poort razlians , ula n his hitor is somehing to be pou of .
Fr e Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lu , a poor migra from northern Brazil , veshadowed all the preidents and most politicians of their w , priviled , universty - educated and careless about the ra razilian problems .
Dear Sir ,
I am ritng to aply for a o in th USA I w recently in yor advertisement in a local newspapr of my city .
Frther to our recent telepho conversaio , I have wrked as a babystter ith children ed 5 - 10 o fv years .
Furthermore , I wrked for some aor companes wh I fnished my degre in Jurnalis iv years ago .
By th a , I have experience in e orgaizatin of sprt n eenig activities because , at universit , I di a course in blic Relations .
If you want to see my rerts , I can send you the whenever yu wnt or , if yu prfer to ask my teachers aou me , I an send o their phone nuers in case ou wnt referenes om my b .
My teachers he said to me ta , if yu want , he can wte a letter abu my expeiece .
I hnk I woud be a suable pesn for h j because I have a good level of nglih .
Thank you so much
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Fncci
ost people like to drive cs instead of usin public transpotation .
In my country , peoe go to wrk in their n car .
Students go to school or uiversity by car as well .
As a result , horrible affic jams ocrred .
The government had to start mar public transprtatio projects in order to solve t prolem .
The underground metro in iyad is oe of thse projects .
Lon ditnces beeen cities ake it ifficult to us cars .
Airplanes are the best way to tael over lng distans .
It 's fst , as , omfortabe nd safe .
ses ae much ore convenient for driving kids to schoos .
Transpoting workers by public transortaion or by us is more conenient for g companies .
Public transport is a must d cas wi never relce it .
Public transport or travllig by car ?
I think travllng by car is a vy comfortable y to travel .
ou do n't have to think aout bus timetbles and stop .
You oly hv to go to your r , s in it and drive wy .
l that you ed is a driving lcence , a c and a lite b of luck that there is no traffi .
If you go by train , you need a ticket that 's not very hep !
You must kow the timetables and from wic patform t train ll leave .
Yu have to be fs , if you at a seat to sit in ; sometimes the trains re fl of peole and you ave to stand t hoe wy !
I think it 's true that travelling by a will be more populr .
You drie the oute yu want .
u an stop wherever you nt d ter e a l of other reasons to ravl by c .
I 've jut finished rading 50 saes of Grey ....
It is really od . It is beter than he previous novl , FSOGrey . I really men it . It is not porn . BE OWN UP PLEASE . If u do n't nt to read the " sex part " , ust tn over the nex page ti it ed , hat 's al . I did hat to finish that novl . Ts ovl is st to tell us h passionate love story betwen a successful businssman , chairmen man with a vy unhappy hildhood , an he only rfers to his birth moter as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recen behviour - BDSM . nd the gl seemed very bred of r rutne life , inncent , id nt know anything about life . Aparetly , THEY were so different from ea other , bu someh , some magic connected tem and mae them a very lely coupl .
It wold bug me if smene did n't red it , sayng that it is a porn novel .
he w maps depict the mn hange ich tok lac in Shipsmouth eteen h ears 19 d 2010 .
Overall , it cn be seen that h city hs became more modern , with more transport and etertainmet facities .
One striking chnge is ta a new station as be buit , to connect e norh of the ity with e ci centre d te rod hs been pedestianized .
In 1995 , thee wer green ares . Howeer , thy wre ct dow and an airport and an apartment blc wee built in thos ara .
Anoter nteresing redevlopent is ht e factory was knocked do to make wy for a shopping cente , and in the same y , so was the Church , whch wa pulld down to be rplaced by a pub .
T urbn areas were demolished , to mae y for skyscrapers .
A final notable change is that a football stadum a erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
I like playing tennis .
I ejoy thi sort ecause of its ighy aerobic exercies .
A plar is ruired to n l ov e field to chae the al and to return it to the eamates .
To wi the gm , a od strategy should ao be applied .
One st recognize e field d the strengths , as wl as the weakneses , of his oppoent to score a goal .
hus , it is a me ih a combination of mental a physica skils .
or people starting to do tis sport , n an t to train individualy .
A wall of a tnnis cot can be a good str to lan how to kc a all .
It would be better , of curs , to joi a club or to t a trainer to uide you .
Ifomation about te basic thory and techniq of tennis cn be gathre fr the nternt / boo .
Oe should ke te effot to practise regularly to esue contial roress .
Learning to do jgglig would also be beneficial .
Many coaches advi teir pupils to ractse it for better coordinatin of hand and e .
t most importantly , on shoul enjoy l of thi fun .
I do n't xacty undertad y popl wat to learn abot the privat lvs of pliticias and flm tars ,
I av to say that eerybody has te ght to av a private life , ve if the ae famous .
It means noboy shuld iterfere in famous people 's live .
Unfortunately , a lot of pole are intereed in others .
Fmos pople have aso ot needs .
Megastars can un into bush problems .
Tes happening are o strage .
Becase l peop ve t predicaments .
But the public was to see famous olticians and stars in every ituaion .
For example , te want to e ell - known peole with thir boyfriend / irfriend or want to e hem in causal attire or want to see amous womn wthut make - up .
On th oth hand , tis opinion houl be cnsidered : Sme big names a important for omone h seems them like an idea .
Society thinks ta ty haven't got eaknss an ack of blity .
And the media appear on the ene .
The dia mae use of this ineest a , thaks to this , make a lot of ony .
On t scene of TV , media closes their defets or emoves .
And ollow famous pole and heir families a the im .
Privac invasion seems to be an absolute right of th media .
owever , eing abe to proect themselves agait an invasion of privacy is a fundaental uan right of stars .
The government shud give superstar t right to prtecion of personal relationship nd activities .
Ultimatey , crod - pasing people also ae o civic righs jst like everyone else .
Nowadays , an people prefer owing a ca to using public transport .
It is more convenient as you an trel raight to t lace you want to go .
Some may say that we will not need blic tansport aymore in he future .
However , I think ulic transort soul be kept as it still h s valu .
First of all , ublic transport rovide he exerience of the journy .
Public transport is not nly buses , but lso pnes nd ferries .
The gv you the experienc of lying in h sky or floating on t sea .
at is an experience u ca nt ge by ca .
Yo can not ko it if y only travel by ar .
So I hin public transport shol emain .
Lat bt o leas , public transport can shre the cost of tavelling .
Pblic traspor is or many pele to go to te same plac .
More money c be saved as the cos ca be hared wih te people ho a going to t sae pace .
Tird , pulic transport is oo for the environment .
T pollutin of many cars is so grea .
i polltion mkes the climae hange .
To sum up , publ tanspot sti has t on vlue .
Th President of h Unted Stte of Amera , Mackinley , says that , regarding Cuba , he wil o medde until Decembr .
he " Tims " newspaper ublishes an ntercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambasaor , Dpu de Lowe , tt will make him esin ue to wh he woe bout te USA .
ext , to th exlsion of e Nrh American steamer , ine , the Spanish commisson created to invesigte tis explosion assures us that it could n't have en done rm the outside , but mut have been done from the inside .
On the ter hand , te US commission brns heir rsuls to Parliament without prviousl noifying Spain of teir reults nd with t oppsite conlusin to tha of e Sanish comission .
Howev , the Spanh government oe not agree wih he USA 's conclusions n hey request North Americans to solve this disagreement with intrnational aritration .
Laer , t UA goernment afirms they do not wnt to coquer ba , b hey demand Spain to sin an armistice wit Cubans .
Mackinley ask or t arbitration of Pope León XII in h conflict n Spain asks rth Americans to get ff of Cua bechs in order to show tei esire to t an n to h confict .
T Pop ruests he Spnsh army to cea immdiaely e hostilities in ua .
Later , the United Stats House of Reprentatives approves a resolution to militaril interven in Cuba if necesar .
The Spanish Ministry of State publshe a emorandum rlating l the ents and conflicts made by the UA to uba untl the publishing de .
In this Memorandum , the main events narate e t filibstery crimes rginated in New York and h chng of attitude wards Cuba of the UA after e lectin of president Mackinley .
so , this Memorandum pecifies the oriin of the conflict , whic esides in the ltte wrtten by owe d the blowing - up of h steamer Mine , the latter bein rearked concerning the USA havng reected h Spnsh propoal to car out the arbitration together .
The 21t of April EE denies Spanish sovereignty of uba . T 23rd of April , Spain sends th Memoanum to seerl natins nd on the th , th USA declres war on Spain .
Fro th day , diplomatic eations between boh nations il be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
eing able to keep a promise is a vey importan quality in a person .
It 'll hw if you c be trste or nt .
So it is not jut a fundmental eleen of being a od pern , but alo affects or society .
If o can keep pomises to ur friends , tht sos ow mch yo really care about them .
I now ho important eepig romies is . I always tr to kp he .
t e polem is , I do really ar about my friends , so I always s " es " to my riends , beaue I do n't wat to disappoint tm .
n then I always hae a lot of proise to eep , ad it also maks me too busy to keep them .
So eepin a promise is ood , but te thing is : do n't eep to many promises at he me time ! Yu soud onsider if ou really n kep the or n .
That wa you wo n't have lts of pressure , and you a be an honourble prson .
I 'm gld you have raduate fom school and hat yo have pla to go to universit .
It 's good fo yo to take a year 's break before contiuig wit your tuies .
Ths way , u he e chan to relax and to think about what is best f you in the future .
I 'm also glad that you ant to visit my country . You 'll find tht it is a ry beautiful o .
fore I continue , please remember to write bak wth te exc dte of your arval so I cn arrange sme things r your trips .
I 'm going to make you a very nice itinerary and , hopefully , we 'll ls find somewhere for you to wrk .
First , I adise yo to coe and vsit my hometown , because it is a nice ne .
We 'll vsit t Hall City Tower , the oo , t citadel , a we ls av some beautiful parks with a lot of ree rass and old tre .
Then we can go visit he Fotress in Sigsoara , which is the only fotress in Euroe to be ctully inhabite .
On the next days , we can go a visit a sl mine at Praid and T Bear La , wich is a salt lke in Sovata .
I also recommend yu to vit Brasov d The lck Church , h les Castle nd , hy not , The Black Sea ?
We c go hiking d clmbing .
I hink yu ko that I have a find who is a taher .
He can com wit us on o trip .
Concerning yur work pans , I av an uncle who ws a farm , so I think we can arrange fr you to work ter .
I assure y you 'll ae a good ti in my country .
I wl meet you at t tran station .
My Husband ...
My hubnd is so annoying . omtimes he kp alking and taking without y goal , he dos hs dirty sos and cloths l er the house ad awys shouing for unh , he slep in the middl of good movies and important subjects and snors while leepig .. al he wants to do is to a and sleep .
He ss I op o mc , but the fc is , he os n't want to spend money , he s stoppe buin me flowers and choclates n he ha stopped being omantc .
On t of l of that , he ees asking h I have chagd th him !
The fact is , he is n th ae man I arrid a that isue upsets me so ch .
He eeps saying " I love u " t I do n't feel it any more . I sarifced my life in my vely cuntr fo him and left my family to be with him , but it see li it was n huge mstake , as I eel ik I am living with a stranr n he is noting like h man he promise to be .
Anyway , I ill lov him and still have the hope that hs is jst a temporary period in u life and he will be bak to h m I love once , especially since we have the most amazing raon to ve f ; it 's our eautiul sn , our angel nd e mazin love of ur lives .
There are widly dferent iew on the future of public tansprt .
Altugh oe people would suggest ht sc a service as no utur because peole rely mor on the a , as it is convenient , it is my persona belief that public transport shld coinue n has a future .
Two of h principal reasons for this r as follow .
Fisty , socty today is mor concerned out ben environmentlly friendly .
his is a worth seing be concerned because r plluion a a negatve impact on o hath and t ecoysem .
Th more crs on the road , th mor greenhouse gase are produced .
Therefre , public transport plays an importan ro in mtiating global warming .
F example , if a us can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 crs can be reduced on the road , solvin the problem of traffic js .
In additio , scientists d engieers are wrking hard to invent d mprve t vehicles , so the becme less harmful to he envionmen .
e seco argument is more reltd to everyone and has rat ifluene .
For the h do not drve , blic trasport is extremely iportan .
There are thousand of studens who travel on public transport to chool everyday because they can o drie n the parnts do o have time to die the .
Moreover , inurance , petrol , and repair ees e very expensie .
Not verone can afford it .
On th other hand , publi transport is goo value for money .
In conclusion , I believe ht public transort shold have a future .
Professional are continun to deelo a btte vehicle to make it eco - friely , and her a stl may peope w ely on publi transport .
Eveyon deserves to he a private fe , even celebrities ad stars , who r he life nd soul of h ary during ther wrking hours .
We ll need a shlter where we n hide from daily dificultis .
This is he only a to maintain ur meal helh and not to fall into depression .
We can s for sure that ars n celbrties are as peol .
This meas tt in everyday if they are ced wt the sam problems as we are .
What is me , celebriies , ik ordinary peple , eed som time to rest n soe time to buil de reltionhips it others .
Like ordinary peple , they need seone to take are of them , smeone to shre their feelings wih .
It does not matt wh aoun of money is in their accounts .
They e not ble to u real relationships such as friendhip d le .
Te cn ga fam and amration thanks to their skills , but thir stage personality is more le a powerful creation .
Sometimes , in everyday life , hy ar t even interesting in terms of character nd appearance .
We all go though hardships nd failures .
But tis ould nt reach a lee that it ets us fall into mentl disorders .
ht is why a private ie is so important , especially for stars , wh are assessed l he tim by ociety .
Hi ,
wat 's up ?
I 'd lie to tell o about th cncert I hlpe at .
It was fnastic !
I met a few ic people ad h a gea ime with hem .
They showed me everytng I hd to do .
I a to carry me musical nstruments d nstal sofware .
Then I held with orgaization a selling tckets .
I lve to help eople an th best hng ws ha I et members of th ban and ve their autographs !
Love ,
Aga
arning new anguages is becomin a priorty o young people , because most of te go to stud aroad ad ork in foreign countries .
I beliee ha kwing me lanuges is always bettr . hat ay , eople ae a o ore cltur and a more knowldgeable .
Thoe ar he eope who know heir ay around life .
Another eat reso o knoig language is tha eople ll lke d respect you .
Yo will also develop yo mind a len n ings .
So knowing a lot of lnguages could be ry usfl in if .
On he ohe hnd , learnng lanuages is not always practical .
It tkes a lot of time to kno any angage fluetly nd it waste time .
en if you lern a certain lnguge and ou do n't use it often , you will smply fret it .
It tns out that learning a foreign laguage may be pointles .
In coclusion , learning languages m be ver hany , bu can also be a ime - wasting activity .
So it 's nice to know other lnguages , t jst thos you will really ed .
Dear r or aam ,
I saw yur advetisment looking fo a childrn 's monitor , and I think I culd be the bes person to fill th position .
I ave a degree in Eglsh and I wuld like to lear how Americans speak it in real fe .
For that reaon , it oud be a wonderful chce to learn amongst children and adults in the SA Summer amp .
I ve worked at shools in Spain and I have first - hand knowedge of oganising sports and acivitis .
We coud learn ne activities from each her .
I am a good cook .
Although I have no qualifiations , I lo cokng .
For that reason , I think I can el in the itchen .
I coud also sar th verone som Spaih recis .
Nevertheless , I reaize this is not te ideal referen .
S my urrculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
I wold love to answr any question you could ask at this eml address , qq@gmail.com , d this mobile pne numbe , 666666666 . I woud be delighted to atend an itrview whenever uit you .
I look oward to hearing from u in th na fuure .
Yous faithuly ,
Indiana one
ichael went on a trip to Poland by himself .
On the t dy of s trip , he hiked up a vry high mountain , but weirdly , he ever saw an peopl .
Aout 1 hour ate he started to hike , he saw a big cae n there was a cozy llow glow insi the cave .
He went in d fund an old m standing tre .
Next to hm ere dozes of oors d there were letters written on them .
The an soe , " Welcome " .
He led him to a room whih said ' Hapy ' on the or .
hen Michael stepped into the room , he fe somethin vey fresh inside h .
It was like breathing in a forest .
He felt apy .
Really Hpy .
Th od an sd , " You fe happy , do n't u ? " Michael nodded .
He wt on , " Eer room has a feelng written on it .
That feelin tells o what you wl feel insie the rom " .
Micael ent int a oupl of roos unti he otted a room tat sai ' Anger ' .
He was curous about ow he would eel when he went ino the room .
He stepped into the oo .
Michael closd h oor and knew at tha oment he ha made a mistae .
I thnk at eerybody deserves privacy , including famous peopl .
They can brel brea ih all ose photographers aroud the .
I do n't know why peope love spying on faus people .
nd magazins ae full of ths thng .
Another seless hing is gssip .
Why dos it even exit ?
It a realy damag soeon 's epuation .
I aso think that following famous peol cou sometimes be dangrous .
For example , when a fan folows a cab , she or he ould be hurt , bease the trfic is realy unpredictable , or when ther is a hge ms of fns , th coud ur each oter .
My opinio is , that famo people deeve a quie tie , when ey are with their partners or with mily , but lso wen they e just going to t supermarket or gym .
Yesterday , I aw in a mgazine a hto of Sarah Jessic Parker in which se was waing ith h do .
The ealine was : OO AT SARH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SH LOOKS LIKE A HRSE !
My first thought ws : " God , lt he ive her life !
Sh is only a human being ! "
Wh is it that whe mn stal women they orbid th to coe clser to her , b when a paparazo hides in te cr of a celebrity , he will e a huge pile of money f the photos ?
I 'm going to talk out social netoks .
Year ago , we us to ge through to other people by ringing thm up or texting messages va our mbie poe ad , as im ges by , nowadays we also an cmmunicte via social networks sh as Titter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... Firt of all , we use tm to cth up on nw and soia isses ia wtter nstad of newspapers , f instac . It 's omon to see people having breafast in a cafeteria eadings he ew on their smartphone , an imag so a fr yars bc .
We lo can hve more knowledge out current isues va Facebook pages , hic are t conidered appropriate by soe TV programmes , ch as politcal discussions , trike , the economy ... As far I am concerned , e prent - day population nows more about what 's gog on in the world than in previous years .
n example of his could be North Krea or so Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access fo citizens . In other words , they an to mislead h people abt reality to avoid th population claiming via tse netwoks or being up in arms against their yste .
On the other hand , we can get oe infrmation aout our known a unkown people who are u friends via Fcebok , upoadig pots at a time , aving a coffe , watching a football match or spending sumrtime somewhere .
So , this ans we are getig less itimate and becoing more gossipy at the sam time , as a cnsequnce of sharing or lives on public sies .
u can folow ou favourit celebrities and hae dire interaction , bu tis also ha negative consequences such as some followers ritcise them .
Mchael Xander is the famous am cptain of Ox nversity , on of e mos pretigious chool in the Philippines .
He wa born wi a silver spoon in hi moth .
He hs everything : the ook , h brain ad the charm , but he has ever fe contented .
He ha never been serious in the entie 17 ars of his li .
Everything ha been esy for im , he is used to tting what he wants .
He thnk that life 's a gme a he should surly win , whatever it tas .
One of i favourite gmes was to conquer every girl he ikd a break heir heart .
ut ha s untl he m Celine .
She was described as the plain Ja of the campus .
Th nver - been - noticed gr , Celne .
e dy , in the ilence of nowhere , wle Celine was reading a bok , h felt soone beide er .
It was a n thng for e to know tt soeon had th guts to t ne to hr beuse lost all the popl in tht school defined he as a weirdo .
' Excue me ? '
She looked up nd she was surrised to see t stranger beside he was the famous Michael .
Curiosity wa writen al over her face . '
s ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
h was starsruck .
She knows him .
Everyone in ht schol kns him and w flirtatious he is . '
Uh yeah . I kno o ' she said .
Michael thouht it wod just be easy talkin to ts gil .
Seeing her tht close mks hm realise that she 's not ugly .
The word beautiful is no nough to dscrbe r .
e 's rgeous . If she ould nly tke off her glasses maybe other eole would ntice it t . '
Ne the , wud o mid gog ou with me on a date ? '
he blrted ot . '
No ' she replied .
hs guy actually akd her ot a he 's nt that supid ot to no h ntentins .
Se stod up , packd hr thing and wen out of the library .
Michal wa surprised .
He had never expected that he would receive a no rom this kd of gil who is eve r from his pe .
he had just challnged him .
T next two eek of Celine 's li changed in just the blik of an ee .
Micael di n't give up on sing h out .
Rumors sprad that easl .
h knew heelf that Michael was just plaing it e and she said to herself that she would never fall into s trap .
If he ats to pa , th he will give im the bt game he could and wuld ever have .
She 'd go o with hm .
To months had passed nce the a they dted .
ine then , evrythig a gone so erfectly between e two of th .
Celine realed that Mcael was t that bad and maybe tos umors she hear efoe were nl umors ad they ol wanted to destr Michael 's reputation .
She baked a cake for hm because h wanted to thank im f h flower she eeived yesterday .
Oe of th things she knew bou him was that ichael loves to surprise eple . hat 's hy e wate to surpse h t .
he was on h wa to t court whe Michael was practising he she her guys talking .
' Do you still plan on finishing ur bt or is the rumor tre Michael ? Hve you falen for is Jane ? ' It as Niclih Heindric 's voice . '
I 'll do it .
Just be paient .
I ca n't wat to have that car of yours ' , Mhael sai .
Clin kew at that moment tht her orld d fallen apart .
Tars automaticlly fell down her face .
Everthing Michael d oe fo he was just for a bet .
The next da , wh Michael s in his pad watching TV , he hard his door el ring . He was suprsed to receve a visitor o .
he ast time he remembered he d neve invited anyone .
He would ie to iite Celn , b he nw she oul refu m ain an he a t ready to be alone ih her .
Maybe he 's too owardl to adi it , but yes , he 's in love it Celine .
He ried to deny it to his riend becus he kw the moment he old them the truth Celine 's life wuld change .
He knew how Cein loved havin e privay . He ke the moment he amited to evryone that he lovd her , s would never have her noral li aymore .
He just loed that ir so much that he wanted to protect hr om everythin .
ven if it cost him hing how much he loved her .
When he opene the oor , he w more surprised to e h a at the door .
His ee loked autoaically at hw Celine looked tay .
Wa it just hi or s e weaig a xy dress ?
He opened h door wider and le er in with a big mile on his face .
Celine cae in n kssd him aggressivly .
Th next thing Michael knew w at he wa making love wih this girl .
verythig elt azing and beautul .
All thy could hear was tem kissing . '
I love you so muc ' Mcael burted out fter wh tey d , then ugged er .
He et a iqud falling on his shulders . "
Is it rainng ? , "
he akd himself .
He ralisd that it was n't raining .
The were Celine 's tear . '
I kow everything .
Everyting wa just a et , rit ? ' eline said .
Michael frz . '
Everthing that happened between us wa too ood to be tre .
I should n't ae believed you .
I should n't ave believed hat you would change just for me .
I 'm just so supid to bleve guys li you .
ow yu hve wh ou wane . '
Cline ai wit a broke vice a a roen ert . '
Lok ay .
I 'm going to res now ' , elne added .
Michael could n't belee hat he ha just heard .
The next thn he knew w at she was gne , not only from his pad , but also from his lie .
He h st lost the girl he loved fo the frs me .
Micheal decded to get drsed . He ws on his way to the door whn he saw a bx of things he d iven to Cline .
Tea tarted to fall from hi eye .
Michael closed e door a new at that mmet he d made a stake .
These day , shopping is one of the most important parts of ie .
For some of us trde is a thing you do for a living , t other pople trat shopig li a ood hin to spnd time dong a they enjoy it vey much .
For me , opping is nt enjoyable and I t to avoid big shopping enres .
Te ry first reasn for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to puchae everythig tat I would ike to bu .
Things r gettng more and more expensive and I am ealy disappointed when I mus go t of the hp with nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a great amont of sadness .
e next ting abou nleasant shppng is eormus lines .
Gong for a fe groceres always e wi an hu in a lne .
No matter at hat time o go to sp , you will wait .
T last , bu o last , reaso against enjoyable shoppng is that I have to avel a ln ay to a store in whh I cn buy everything I want .
Of crse , I could go to a f diffent shops , but wihout a iving license , travelling is a tuh task .
Carrying may heay ags is t my avourit ay of spending my spare - im .
There ar lts of od laces to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful ad important places f the hitor of this azing tropical cuntr .
Of ll of the , one of the places yu mt isi in Brzil is h Aman Theater , ocatd in Manaus , the capital of mazon State , in the north of te country .
The building is important because it a bult in the lat century uring the ruer a , wn he ciy s n of he richest cities in the wrl .
Architecs , builders , ainters n sculptors we brought from Europe by sip as well as l h constuctin material that were nessary or its buiding .
It is a sohisticatd bulding , full of detail everywher around the theater , fro te floor to the ciing , eveyting carefully esigned accoing to that period .
Eve though it is more te 1 years sin it was ult , all h original features ar stil there , itact , with al the luxury rady for everyone 's vsit .
The plae st t iportan concerts , presentations an international festivals still nowadays .
T heater is famous not just bcaus of its e , but also because it wa built in e middle of the jungle .
During the rubber age , there was no ban lif aroud the building , whch is completely different fom today , of oure , since there is a restored squar and a church in front of te theter , that ae h se ae as te thaer an it is surrounded by art galleies , pu , offices , hoss , restaurats , were grups of friens , tursts n fmilis ually go to appreciate th reez at the end of a am day an during the niht .
It is really worth visiting he Amazon Teater in aaus , tkin ictues nd having od toies to el .
Have yu eer heard of it ?
If you lv in a small village , you may kn h sport I do .
os girls play it in my vllage .
In i cities , there 's a similar sport cale baktball and thi one is me for boys .
Every Mnday we meet in the spts hall in Manac .
Before the lesons egin , we talk about the news in he village a do some exercse to warm up .
Then our trainer , Nico , shows us a lt of tips and tricks .
h easn I lke ths port is pretty simple .
I cn play it with good friends , it 's a fun sor , but it 's also hard d you cn get to yor imit .
In wine , we av some aes every two weeks , where ou friends are visitors .
In he last season , we reahed second plac .
If you want to know oe about this sprt , do n't esitte to watc a game of our .
You n fd more information ls on t Iternet .
To sum up , I hpe to ee you soon at a game .
In the readin pssae , t wrtr poides sevel theors about th urose of he crved tone balls .
However , te lecrer point t h problems in all is assertions .
Firsty , the auto hds that te stone balls were ossbly usd in hunting or fightin .
In cntrst , te rofessor argues at it was mpossble that ey were weapons because they show no damage .
If they er ud as weapons , they should be broken up or divided ino pieces .
Secondly , the writer caims that the stone bas might hve been used as sandard eghts to measure this .
Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is idefensile .
he main reason is that he cved stone balls are diferet types of stones .
It is because differe stones have difeent esities that eir weits a different , thuh ey ae uniformly the sme size .
ast ut o least , h author aerts ht the one balls might see a soca purpose .
Th professor , however , does n't thin so because the digns of the stone alls are too simple to show an important social status .
Mreovr , in general , an artifact or socal ymol was buried with ts owner after he or she died .
However , t caed stone blls were not found ear any graves .
To sum up , the professor totally disagrees with the statement in he reading passage .
Life is chnging very y d in the next fifty years a lot of things ill haen .
Scenc is developing very quckly n nowadays scientsts a iscoverin nw this .
In the futue , sm dangerous dseases such as acer or ids ll be cured , and there will be no worries about them .
I thnk people wl not go o of thei hoes to buy gods and food or clthes , bcaus professonal robots il be invented and thy will do anthing that yo wnt , and they will oy your orders .
However , this could cause a prblm or hmans d some people ll face th reat of complory redundancies .
I would say that se proble wil arise an people will lse the jb .
I assume that another problem will be robots , becaue little by lile they will capture the world d they will become umn 's enmy , ad hat wou be one of he possiblities in the ture .
In onclusion , I wuld say hat deveoping is not very goo or humankind , nd little by little t orld will be demished by hman eror .
I hope the world will nt be destroyed by humas , but in h d eeryon knows tat the entre orl wi be ruined and nobod il be ali .
' he Go - tween ' by L.P.Haley
his is an original and mving love str tha has pople who are agast the elationsip between the mai charcter .
And this stry is told from the point of iw of eo Coson , e an character .
orover , h whole ory happen in the 20th cenury during a tip hat e goes on and he call it he bet cetury of is life .
o is a kind of popul boy at chol as he ivnts secial spells and shows em to s schoolmates , bu everyting he kns chnes en he 's invited to the huse of Marcus , who is his classmate at scho .
So , there he meets te gorgeous eest sster of Marcus an he immediately fals in love and from then the go - between ppear in the stoy .
I hin everone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical wy of ehavng in th 20th entuy ; heir ily - routines ad te things they do to hav fun .
Beside this , it tries to ge us a rel ida of wha an innocent cild ight do to lp peole without being old e rl tuth .
This paper is a revie of scientific reseah , icluding magaines , newspapers , websits and others , with the purpoe of exploring ecotouim , presenting e tourist attractions and bahes to ople , in order to cll it to their attntion in relaion to commercial romoton an local develpmen , where a t of pele do not kno h ntura beutis of our city .
Warning te respoible departmnts how uh th an do r te city in reaion to employment opportunities , torist atraction , envirnmenta education , ecologicl preservation and make it the est turit city in Litorl Paulista .
Through aketing and advertising , we at to encorage youg peopl w njy surfing the dissemination of e best eaces of this city to practs it with others that ma have .
Preserving , explorng e trails and beche , ecoraging eteme sports ae what we believe a attractive to toists of this wndrful coastal city .
Ky ods : ecotoursm , marketin , track , the Guaruá beahes , torism .
In today 's wrld peole use pubic trnspor fo eery kid of rael .
Nevertheless , travelling by a ould pose a real threat to ubic transpo eause it is uch more comfortble .
Firstly , havng a ca maes travelling much easier .
Peole ca go herever they want and whenevr tey wnt wthout thinking about buying a tikt or getin to a station on time to catc a bus or a train .
A cr offers comfrt because u can personalise your space and you ride .
All the sa , a car is also a necessity today , ecaus ry ofn it is h on ens to get to here yu need to go .
However , public tranport is not threatened by the car .
First of l , too may car make tows croded d rete raffic jm , wic is counterprouctive .
Secondly , n car makes as muc pollution as o bus which tnsports many re popl .
In my opiion , ubli transport is eured for he future .
It will ve g oe popular because it will be faster , moe modern , and cheaper than travellin by a .
It was the wors ight we had ve had .
We had neer been to Michael 's hose befor .
We er thinking ta by meetg there we would ve a u igt among friends , bu we we vr wrong .
When we arrived , we s t l house wee Michael lived .
He was waiting o us outside .
At first , we d n't tink that something b was ging to hapn .
When we g nsid hs house , we saw a ot of old prtraits on h wall . It as like a horror move !
Michael look very nerous too .
Aer a whie , hn we ere plying ne of hi computer ams , we heard a scream coming ro hi grdn .
Tere wre two bodies in that plac .
They were Mical 's parent . i father was ded , bt hi m was n't .
Then , Mihal tried to hide thir bodies in a roo , withou knowing that his mm as alive .
Whe we w ht , we escaped as fa as we uld , and we saw his u alking to fid Michael , like a zombie .
In the end , we ard Michae 's sceam .
We nver saw h agai . I hnk at when Micael closed h dor , he knew at that moent he d made a mistake .
Te best thriller I hv ever ed
It ws lon ime ao that I red ths bok , t it was so ood n exciting that it 's still in my mind .
It 's a nel written by Sidney Shdon called ' ' If toorow comes '' .
There is aso a film based on e book .
It is bot an ordiar oung woma who has evrythig she needs in life .
After he finds ot that her mote h committed suicide becase of oe kind of fru , she decides to avege her bu he end up in prison .
After she comes out , he decides to take another revenge f h sa reso .
Ti book is ve exciting because thre are a o of higs tht are hapenig nd it 's not monotoous at all .
It hs a lot of intrigues an a ot of to tik bot what 's going to happen next .
I woul recommend ts bk to peple of a ags , because it has somehing for everyne .
It is serius noug for e older ones and it hs a rmantc ie r the younger oe .
It is a really gd boo ta should n't be missed .
Dear Si ,
I hope is letter finds u in go heah .
Recently , I saw an advertisement fr a ob .
I hnk I wld be the right person for such a job .
Th follwing thing are wrth noting about me .
I have taken ourse in the last 2 onths with an organization that organiz activities for children agd betwen one an 15 .
Ts organiation taught us how to deal with children , and how to ae their lvs hapier an mr joyful .
eir main aim is to mak te children apy .
In ddtion , we were als taugt o to ganize sports and activities f them in a a they will enjoy .
Also , I av taken ourss in cokig .
I believe at I am suitable o hi job as I have brd experience in what is required . I would be on top of h world if ou llowed me to be part of the tam .
Believe me , o will never reget choosing me .
Yours ithfully ,
Razan Salib
Everything hapene that summer I pnt in Eypt .
My mother hd found a e j in some ancet uis , rit in he idle of the desert . I huld mntio ta s s an important archaeologist , knn all over te world , and she a to travel to every corer on Earth .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country hos , surrounded by gre fields , forst and rves , bt when I turned eghten my othr thought I was old eough to take a plane on my n d stay it her o a mont .
I did n't expect to fd anthng ele but sd , heat ad toriss on my way across t desrt , even though I was ledng mylf to a patch of water in leagues of wasteland ; te asis of Faiyum .
Fnaly , my ple landed in Caio lmost fiv hours afte I a left Enlad d I had to remember that t time there w two ours ahead .
When I maagd to reach te otsde , I had a taxi waiting fo me , proabl snt by my mther , so at las I id n't he to look for another oe in th stiflig heat of the city .
On the oer hand , the taxi i n't vn hav air conditioning , so I spnt the two hos of the jouny trying to fan mysel ith a magazin I borroed from the driver .
I raced the hot well in the afternoon . Neverteles , the i was stl oppressive and ho like at idda .
Even thoug I had to bea th climate , I was happy with being al to see my mother more often than I ud to in pas summers .
I h n't met her sie the beginning of he previous ebrary , and ha was five month before then .
Introducion
The am of hi report is to give some tips for tourist w come to the city . I will provide you ih me pices of advice but shoppi o clothes in he iy , as wl as sme recommendation .
Fashion d luxury
In e cty here e ay fasin shops wher ou can e the st tren clothe . You must be awar that maybe u will sped more money than expected , b if yu r a sopahlic , it will be worth it .
NANY 'S has aty reses and wonderful shoes that y can ea on special occasions .
u will fall in lo with hem as they are patel coloured .
In additon , they ofte ha discounts nd offers , so you can get sme bargains if you look into h warobes .
Lia is a moer shop where you a find the laest faion in ilano and luxury accessories from h most well - knon ompanie .
Cothes at lwer pics
Every Mody there is a street maket in the cetrl squre .
Although they are o new lotes , they are usually tndy and of hig quali .
If h ea of a steet maet es o seduce yu , I recommend you vit a little so in Sant Peter steet , T Old Bag , where ou can buy bags and oter ccessories , uh as umbllas , gles and scarfs .
In addition , e shp is very cheap an you can hav a cup of coffee inside while yo e shopig .
Recomendatios
If you are a fashion lov y should vit Linda and Nany 's .
I recommend having a lo nside , js in cse .
By contast , if you e ore ee to save mne , e best opion is the street market .
I sugget a quick visit to eery shp an makig comparisons of price and qualiy .
A grou of oug eole from brod will be visitng my ho town for three months .
This is a shrt eport whih ill incld my recommendation of t most ineresting places in my town f them to njo .
I ave chon the wo most popular placs to hav a good time in my town .
The first place is the " Culture Centre " and the seond one is the " Spot Cntr " .
In th " Culture Ctre " , or young visitors il be able to ttend daily clural activities , su as thaer , inema and drwing classs , whereas in e " Sports Centre " , the wil have an opportunity to take par in many spor ativities , suc as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate clases .
Addiionally , sce the ong eople are goin to ta in my town for a few monhs , I sugest ta the should enrol in a Polish language course .
It is ery hepfu to be comunicativ in Polish at least at a basic level .
The curse would be three tie a we only , n lly pa by the Polish govrnment .
T coure will gie your yong visitors nt only a t of fun but aso a gneral knwlege of Polish cultue and eatn habits as well .
In short , a trip to Polad will be an unforgettable expeience for yur students .
Hwever , they should be aare of th high cost of living in my town .
When I think abu food , the fit thougt hat comes to my mind is a . It bings ak mories of Chrstms 20 .
I have fd emories of tat Christmas becase of the ham and my nece .
In reent years , I have been buyig ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular nd I reall enjoy sein that my family is delighted , but aboe all , I enjoy seeing my niece , wo is still a hild , eing ham .
ver ya , in my ouse , we py e same oe : my mothr n my siste pepae diffeent ishe for Chrisas dner , nd I am highly likely to be the one responible for carrying those dishe from the kitchn to the dnin room , because the rest of the faml is lst in their conversations trying to save he wod .
It was while I was comg in and ou om te kitche that I found my niece standing at the side of e table eating ham .
I do n't know how e took he late from he cent of the table n put it in rot of her , ut she had tarted to eat it , without asking anyne .
It wa an unforgettable omnt . I wa lookg at her , sihtly exied because s was atin alone without elp n fast , which was n till is , unusual cming ro hr .
If thre ere moe buses or trains at any tm ( lo in e night ) , it would be convnient to use them an to leave e ca in he rage .
Unfortuntely , it 's not posble because of h cost th the conmic Sytem wud be compelled to support .
So , people often prefer usig h car d paying fr petrol insad of a bus tckt becse of having more advantages : not being forced to ai for te buses and not havi to take a taxi in the night wen thy ce bc from the disco , for example .
Recently , in many towns , there is also a n system f movg aund the ci .
It 's calld " City car " or " ar Sharing " and it consists in sharing a r , ung it fo or movements and he leavig it in any part of h ty in a dediated car park .
It 's a cheap srvic n it 's greatly appreciated by peope wh ed a a o every dy n ny for a little time .
So I tnk that , soon , cr wil take the place of public transport .
e Iternsip , a im by Shaw ev th Own Wilson nd Vnce Vaughn .
In tis film thre a two older men w have lot ter bs .
hey old clocks , bt at a certain tie their fctory was closed .
They hav to fid another job .
It is n't easy finin another work for hm because they r onl le to sll .
In the beginning , on of them looks fr a j by asking his sister 's bofriend , ut fortnately , his rind convinces him to find another jb .
One a , searching on Google , te two friends discover ta ooge is looking fo new peoe to employ in t company .
Te send thir CVs .
Of course , they are mc oler ha the other candidates , n when e staff heck heir s oly e ember confirmed their candidatue .
Despite everything , thy could tke part in t compeition .
The Google gecy invites a l of people and eclaes hat only one gup il hve the possibility to wn .
Of orse , when the groups arrang themselves , he o old men remain loe and they re forced to creae a group with the iscars .
Of course , on ppr , ti group does n't have a chace , u vnts demonstrate smething different .
This film is interesting ecase it drafts work pobems , bu not only ths , it lso shows some important values , like the mportanc of solidarity , rop cohsion and t importance of t losing aith in deas , evn if he situation is withstands .
Of course , there a also negaive observations aot is film . F example , tere r some pornographic cees in h middle of the sory . They a n't inteesting and th lt too long .
In adiion , some siuatons in h flm are ken from Hih School Movie .
In cclusion , ti fl is plain and a little discouned but , at t same time , a light and funny film to watch durig the sumer with me friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very ppy to er that ou av chosen to me to my country ! I 'm sr yo 'll loe it becaue you had a great tie he last time you me .
If I wer you , I would start in Catalonia nd I would cch a tain wch follows a wonderful route .
Yu trel around t whoe of the Spanish ost nd you end your trip in Madrid .
So you can s nrly all of San in a month and it is very worthwhile , according to my bs fren .
e problem is that you ave to book t htes yu wnt to stay in so yo eed sm tie to prepare it .
Yo should bring sumr clothes , because it 's very hot at hs tim of e year , n sme jakets , since th north of this country can be a little chily o .
As yu know , my fther runs a tourist agency wic ees som new staff and th are lokin for people wo spek at last thre languas .
I hnk you 're uitale for this ob as you can sak ermn , nglih nd French .
It is well - paid lthouh you ave to spend hours and hus in h su , but it 's a good idea .
It ma hep you to coose wat to study at university , as I know o hve't decided et .
If o do n't like this idea , tre is an exllent website which offes a o of os a maybe you will fn smething interesting .
I have included for you the name in ts e - mail . I thin you should ke a look !
Pleas tell me when you ma a dcisio .
Yours sncrely .
I thi that there a different type of famous people .
Most a fmous because they expoe thir piate ife d all heir inteests re in making one .
The rest are artists or good worker .
They do not think of moey or fame , they sipy enjoy working .
On the one ad , I ree th the sttemen ecaus everyone has the rih to enjoy a prvate life .
It st be uncofortabl to go o of your house and find me reporters or paparazzi wating for u to a question or to take photos .
If something changes in yor life it il be a news te on teevisin , ad people will vent rumours about yo .
You can no kw if people tae interest in u because they are eal fans or if a person wants to ke advantge of you .
On the oter had , I disgre wi the statement because if thy a publi people , fans will be inereste in the .
Ther are celebrities ha sell hir life on telvision nd ten do not want jouralists to chase tem .
here a oter famous eope who do n appear on teleisio a they are chas by eprters .
This is becae somethng new h ccurred and they at to colle informtion .
It is impossil to hve a prate life if you ar a celebrity , becue peple o love you want to know bot or private lf .
To sumarize , if you expose yourself on television you ll not hav a prvat life .
h best way to ke it is nt to be a famous person .
To who it my cncern ,
I would ie to apply for the b of instructor in te S Sumer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
Ls wnter I rked as a coach for my basketball tea with kids abot ten years o .
I ha training in basketball n Phsica Educatn .
For me , this is ry pleasant because I like being it hildre d it is a challnge fo me .
Moreover , I am very active and hardworking , as you rquet .
In additio , I am very funny and I am always joking .
It is not a problem f me to ork in he kitchens because I cook at my use and I think I do very wel .
I hink ti o is perfect o me because I love hilren d sport .
Ao , I el that I can be a positive incorporation in h Summer amps .
I ook forwar to hearing from y .
ors faithuly
Enri E.
Hv you ever thought abou what h hm of the utre will lok li ?
Wod it be different from nowadays ?
Many of us thk that te home of th futur wil be exctly lie in our favourie science - fiction movies or books , o example , " Solaris " or ve " Str Was " .
e house in whih we will live in the futu il be fl of complicated - to - use computers d robots .
The televisi of he fuure wll be amazig , because it will ave a 3D proectr , which means that mvies il look extremely relisti .
Robt will , of course , be remarkble , which will hl us wih evrday chores , or instace , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing coths .
To be perfctly honest , evy human being drems of the home of he fture ad every rem is dividual , but in t future , will our drems come ue ?
Hi ,
If you want to visit me interesng plac or building , yo shld go to our z , hih is near Zlín in Lešná .
Ther is a ni old cateau nd a lt of animas which are rm al over the word .
You n see , r examl , tigers , ins , zebas , birds , enguis or horses .
In t chateau thr is an exhibtin of snakes d spidrs .
Ad e reasons for visiting u zoo ?
It 's a eautful place for all generains in nature n u an spend al da there .
If you were ungy , ere r ome restaurants nd fast food resaurants .
Bt the main reason is , at Zlín zoo is n of he biggest zoos in the Czh Rpubic and , in my oinion , t most beatful .
Please wite bak to me n tell me if you led the z or if you went to nther place .
ve ,
Jitk
It is argued that famous pople , sch as politicians and film ars , deserve to ae a rivae ife wthou journalists following them l the tm .
In my opinion , somtimes stars ' behaviour is vy surprising .
To illustrte my pint of viw I at to give some xaples .
On h one hand , fmos people want to protet thir private lif , but on the oher and he want to be followed by paparzi .
First of ll , eig on te covers of newspaper and magazines els tem ma themselves more atractive to diector .
Te othr reason is tt actors wat to be recognisable , becaus popularity gives the posiility to ean more moey .
Holywood fees depend t only on skills b frt of al on the fam of th pero .
ilm stars have vr duies , for xample , going to h prties oranized by other people from sow business .
Der Jeff ,
Hi , H r ou ?
onestly , I do not ie nture prgrammes so much because they are so boring !
I persoally like spor pogramme n comedy how , becaus I love sports and aso enjoy haing a good ugh .
My favourite TV shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Cner " , " Fox Sport " nd " Te Simpsons " . All these except " he Sipons " are about sports , many foobll , baketbal a ruby .
n as a sprts love I am glad to be informe aout he latest matches of the international leagues like the " A " , " Premium Leage " and also the " Nationl Leau " becaus of my dep loe of spor .
I watc TV abo 5 hous a a nd at the weeends f abo 6 hou because I ca stay in d till lte .
I wat some foball matches repetitns and comedy shows .
What about you ?
How is evrybody there ?
Wt is your favouite programm ?
n I wud like to knw wht is the ms popular progamme aog teenagers in yr couny .
I hoe y wl rite back soon .
ov ,
Latar
House no 26
al colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2n January 01
Dear friend ,
Thak you for invtig me
to our engagement party .
I am very hapy because ou are finally getin enged .
o ae very lucky in chosing a life partner . I hve seen your life pater . She is so beutiful . u ot ave a pefet match .
You r lik Romeo a juliett . B I am really sor I am not coming to the engagemt pry ecaus my mother ha en admitte to h hospital .
She ad an accident tday , so I have to stay here to ce r her .
One more . I am sorry .
I think u will ndersand my siuation .
We wl me other plan soon , ater my mote ts well .
I am sending u a gift . Pese ccept it .
Plase send me se engagement photgrahs .
My mother sends yo best wishes and me oo .
Say hlo to you partner and to your fmil .
Tk to me va video conferncing afer the party .
Than yo
ubhm babu .
I enjod te smmer holiday , it as entertaining d I usually tavelled around Hong Kong th my aily durin th wekends .
I nt to several plces durng the holiday , includi the aiport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon ulural Distrt , etc .
Th umme holiday w que lon ; nearly tw months .
I usully woke up at around nine o'clok in h morning and spent the a readng newspapers and boks , an also igitalized some vide tes .
I njy radig newspaper so I can g upats on e latest deveopment and news .
Furthermore , it cn aso improve my language skills .
I uually watch teleiion prorams on th Discovery Netok at night .
Besides , I find those progams talking about buildin massiv structures and scienc intersting n I gain some kowlede from tose progrms .
To get prepared for t things to be tauht in rade 9 , I also fliped through some textoks , incuding Integrated Sciec , Geography , c .
And I find the knowledge to be tagt in oe subjects interesting , while sme is n't .
As I am a memr of t Rbotcs Team , I et to school for 3 days during the summe holiday to prear fr a compeiion on furth of Octoer .
Deite the hd work , I enjoyed h process of preprng for the competition a lot .
Nowadas , our standard of livig s become ighr .
We are ooking fr better onditions everywhere .
So pubc trasprt is t an exception .
os eope prefer usg their private car instead of publi transor .
Basically , there e a lt of dwbacks to using thi ind of transot .
Frs of l is traffic jams ; if ou are uck in a traffic m in a big bus u will waste uh more tim tha yu expeted on the rad . Beide , blic trnport is overcrowed in rush hours . Anohe downsid is that st buses e old and dirty .
Tha 's h pople coose to rave by car , because it is mor convenien d fstr .
ALL ABOU ME
My name is Aleandr Engström .
I am 12 yeas old and I wa born on September , 12 203 .
Most of the me I lik anging u n chling with my iends , ut when I am nt wh my frends , I am hme studying .
I hae oe big sister , Ana . She is 18 yers old , nd I also have two oungr sises ; icia , 8 years ol and Isbl , 4 year o .
I have many hbbies , but one of my aourite hoies is kiing downll , because I love ding it .
The easn why I ove to ski is the freedom I feel when I ki and it is also my tye of sport .
Gren And Cln Environment
Introduction
Te m of this report is to explain h way ur Cmmunit have dided to preserve te environmnt of our wn and which other activities col be ueful in ord to achieve tis purpose .
Schools and Offces
On the o han , if u bong to a school , o can prticipate by giing iformatio to the children about h catastrophic image our vllage would ave if we i ot reduce the polution to the minmum range .
On t other han , eeryoe has he pportunity to cln he streets where they pend ot of their tim .
It could be te place here u wr or your house .
Nobody eeds to be wrried about h acuum or the room beause it is proided by t Government .
Reyling
If ou do not ave time to help with those kids of acivities , thee is a rl yo must follow .
You hav to throw away every snge thing u hve in the corct cotainr in order to recycl tm .
ecommendaions
My recommendation is to inves in a ood cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hou cleanng he streets .
A igh nmbe of tourists vist Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and typial food rm Extremadura .
Fo hat reason , this town has a lot of facilities to et tha demand and to offer a go tim too .
The mo ttractiv resource in Cáceres is its ertage .
T o tow is an historicl and culual cter where a ret pt of the ourism is focused .
This art of e ci is ready to ceive tourism beaue there is intensive control on aess to the old twn by ca .
Anyway , txs and official vehicles e fee to ue wheneve you wt .
One of the most chaacteristi things abou this rgin is h fod a Cáceres is the tp city of gastronmy in urope .
Currntl , Cáceres is t only Spanish cit having a Europan ard for offering a wide selection of od an drink .
" Ati " is the most important rstaurant in the iy and it has been regnised wih two stars by e os famous guide fr restarans in San .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not ust a fine od restauat , but it is a ie - ar hotel in th middle of th ol wn .
Alo , Cácers has a great ofr if omeon wants to buy other things ie clothes , suveirs an art .
Pintores Street is the commercial place of th city and it s a great selection of sop d restaurants wit tyical ood frm pai .
Garlic is a pant , a mebr of te lil amil , with a characteristic odor and taste .
It has been own in hmn history since at least 300 B.C. In many culturs , galic is associated wi sperstitons , brining d or good luc .
In Acient Eyp , grli was used by peol fo health rposes .
Te slaves , w constructe h pyramids , re fed ih garlic , because te Egypians believed that garlic would mak h workers stronger , so tey cold wok harder .
In the Ron and Greek culures , pepe beleved in garlic 's mac owers to ward ff El .
Even Homer metioned garlc in his Ossey .
In e iddl As , sailors rried garlic wit them to help th edre long periods at sea .
In mre eent years , in World W I , soldiers us grli to prevn ganrene .
At h present tie , modern science is providing me idence of a real beficial effec of garlic consmpton on human health .
Experiments cared ut ith arlic and some tes of bacteria , reveale te ability of garlic to kl some kins of bacteria .
At ast 23 different tpe of actria were tested .
Therefore , e bactericdal effect of garlic a probably explain som ancint ' beliefs at ths plant could hp in some ilnss treatments .
It can explain , oo , why the se of garlic ws a good option to prent angrene in WWI .
Another xperiment demonstratd a positive effect of garlic on the blod ystem .
It was demonstrated tht garlic has a compoun ht can mke the blood " thinner " .
This can be se to revent hat attack ad toke .
Therefore , including garlc in te dit can really be beneficial for heth , as sme cultues belived .
ow mny of us tda r relly to helping e environment ?
There are a lot of campaigns gon on globally .
Is it worth all te tim , eery and money spent on convincing pople to be responsible for their environment ?
Yes , need !
I recently joine a cpaign program in ania , Philippines , dediaed to protecig and preserving our natal resources .
I ws ry enthusiastic in all he activities until after one even .
I found out at th leaders of this oanization were not realizing t beliefs and principles tey ee imparting to the plic .
hey were not a go representatio of thei idls .
I bckd f and decide to just cotinue to make my prsonal contribution to helping mthr eth .
I believe that if we aim or a chang , then the change hould sat ith us .
aybe we can not conince the whole world to prticpate in hepng he environment riht way , bu it c ein with orselves .
After my awareness of at w happenng ith our natural esources , I am er glad to have been plyin my pr .
I have been iing an nvironment - friendly liestye since 5 year ago .
Firsly , I yce to wor every dy .
Ths oes n't just se me from excesive gasolin expenses , u it so ade me pysicaly fi .
econdly , I turn f the faucet and te swtchs wen o in use .
Thirdl , I sgregate my rubbish .
At he , I have separate garbage bn r paer , plstic n ogaic ste .
Fourthly , I nl buy organic products for consumption an keep a small spce garden in my bckyar .
d inaly , I am eductig my two children about he importance of what I am doin in ore to help our envionment .
All in all , I think that helpin ou envronmnt ds n't have to be a big dal . We hould be aar of the at that mother earh is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
We have the me now to do wht is neceary .
We an ben with ourselve , in or faily , in our own homes .
ha is a small star , bu it wl eentually rap a huge outcome .
Dear S / Madam ,
My name is ua Faías nd I am writing to apply for a course at he Effetiv Larnin Scool .
To begin ih , I oud le to tell you that I am really intersted in h course because I think it oud provie me with some professional advantages in my career as a shool teacher .
Leaning languages is increasingly importat in the teaching sctr , so I wt to improve it .
I would be le to send thre months on an intensie course in the spring .
Starting in April or M would be right fo my chedul .
I think my weak points are speaking and lstening kils . Neverteless , I oul also be interested in working or writing and grammar points .
Alhugh I am in my late forties I am still ery cive , so I lke practisin sprts , music and oin to th cinea as wel .
I am lookng orard to hearin from you son .
Yours Fithully .
Juan Fías
Michael is an American uy , living and studin in te Netherlnds at Leiden Unversity .
He hs been ling in the Netherlands for about a year .
He chose to suy in msteram because he loves that city , it 's his dream cty and he lves canls and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
ne dy , he en out it a couple of friends . hey nt to a ngt club cald " ami bech " . Tey re ncing and having fun n then he saw a beautiful ir an sh could n't ak he eyes off him , so he cided to go and talk to h .
She was very kind ad she s smiin al te ie . He ofeed her a dink and late in the nht ey went to her hose , where they spent the night together .
The next day , he wok up with a hangover and realized tat he had made love withou using prtection .
He started to pan and ut i loths on an waed to h door .
Michael cose the dor and knw at that omnt he had made a mistake .
I herd a noise .
I looke back and I notce that the earh was strange .
Moved by my crosity , I dug up nd fond a paper hic containd a m .
Without a seco thought I dcided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
I did n't kw what I wa going to fnd at h end of my hunt , t that iea made e iuation een more exciting .
The directions took me alo a ath toards a cave and I we int it .
I had bn well prepae nd I arried a antern .
I walked throug he drness an finally I arrived at a stunning ae .
Thee ws a bt by the shore an as on as I en on board it started to move .
A few meters ahed , I sa a blindin light and I realized tat I was n't alone because I could ha he oun of music and peopl taling .
Dazzled by the sun , when I opened my ye , i realized that I was in a wondeul funair .
My relatives nd friends had prepared a surprise irthday party ha I will ner forgt .
ar oup leader ,
I am witing in connection wt our sty in Cracow .
I know ou 're lookig fr an intresting plae to vit , so I want to ofr ou a lac where you can rest , have a lo of fu and av a geat tie ih you group .
I wt to ecomend te amusement par , one of te most interesting ples to iit here .
On he face of it , it ounds chilsh , but I think it 's a god way to spend free time , ven o adults .
Ths is a huge amusement park with many atractios for oun peole looking fr xciement .
Tee are ma crousls , go - carts , lide .
The 's alo somethng or anyone h does n't like risky ay .
I 'm thinking of an aua park where you can not only swim u also take advantag of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
The amusement park and aqua park are located lose he centre , so y do n't have to go a away .
I hpe that yu ill ke advantage of my proposl .
I look forward to hearing from ou .
Yours aithfully ,
XYZ
The pcure shows clarly h roces of akig bnk notes .
As is shown in the picture , we can obvously see that four main steps me up t process .
First ad foremost , he bank notes soud be desined an t dign includes background coou , artwork nd security issues .
Net is the preparation of metal pate .
In this step , skilld macinists r required .
Then prntig h banknotes .
In thi stage , they pay attention to t colur , and special ink and sligtl raised images are necesary .
h la but os iportnt ste is the inspectio .
In this step , h woers should be able to tll e good quality sheet frm the bad ones .
If he sheet is good qualt , it ll be cut no separa tes , packed and
dispatche .
If he sheet is bd qualty , it il be securely destroyd .
There uld be a thd sitution .
Whn he see is ptly amagd , it will alo be cut nt banknotes .
The differece is , the od prt wl be kp whil the b part wil be destroyed .
Well , I 'm sory but , although I studied French when I as young , I ae fogottn alost everything .
So , I ried to translate you French on Google translator a I could n't understand what yo ment aout my English and ogle translator . I 'm used to witing Enlish and I at am intermediate vel .
I ue oogl traslator to find an equivaent word to a panish wr smetimes .
It is n't easy at l , they 're vy different languaes , and I reer to u te oftware " Grammarly spellchecker " to t me hep .
Ayay , if you at to know my level , I a tell you I 've finishe evel B1 .
I will start leve B2 on the nx curse .
I do n't hnk yo know u national eam .
hee is a w d stnning geertion of basketball players .
Mirot , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his yoger brother is a a promi ) . Therefore , we 'll have Pau Gasol 's brother at est for n yrs moe , bt lo , Flip Ree , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , rgio ll , Calderón r yung ill .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we e goig to have an aesome ea fr a lon ime to cme .
Abut Ricky Rubio :
I do n't think y follow the American news .
You js have to srch on Youtube and o 'll find a lt of vieos .
He 's imroing his gae in a spectacular wa .
Indeed , h eam was almost at te botm of the NBA teams , whees hey are in te idle position w .
It is n't ly tat he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of lay , h assiss , d poins he ervd as a eve to hi tm , hih s mprovd ramatically .
He ega to play as a prfessional in Span hn he was 14 yers d , and he began in ou natnal eam when he wa 17 yers o .
s current em is preparing him physcally in the g . H hyscal for h imrovd a lot and nw he is aster , stronger ad he 's still 23 years old .
Watching hi play is a delight , epecialy i assists a jggling games while he loks in the opposte directi .
I rely enjoy watching him lay a lot .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situte in the heart of a small villa , " oção " . It is very ppula with teenagers and adults h love to eat zza or an other fast food .
As yu enter te place u are elcomed by a magifient setting , a lot of pintngs of h city .
Sitting at any able , yu hae a wonderful vie of the workshop - like kitchen , hre you n see the chefs woring , so you a se how they mae th fo tha ou wil eat .
All st fd dishes r me - mad .
Te chs ae ret car in seectin he best - qualit ingredients .
T estaurant also caters fo all tastes by providing a lage selection of te best wines of he region , hih are very popular around the coutry .
Th service is lwas great . he clients do n't hae to wait a long time unil t dish is de . While clien are waiig th alay give them sme Indan od .
The pce of the oo is ver chap , tking to account the quality .
I h a pleasant dining experience with fod of e most xquisite lavors .
For ti reason , I highly recommend ging to Di Roma resaurant .
Hi Jairwoo ,
I recetly tied to ask you some questions through yor " As Me " ectio on yur site , but it aid :
However , I 'm Andrea d I 'm fm Ialy .
I 've followed you or 2 months ad I realy love ou stle !
lease can ou tell me ome webstes wer I can learn ow to style , o to combne cothe and thin like that ?
I would like to ke my o style but I do n't know where to gin !
Whenever I serh on Gogle or " men fashion " , I only fin stuff fo maure men .
T problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what hould I do ?
Thank you so much !
Public ranport is nt as vlued as it sould be lthouh a lot of people use it every d .
Here re se of my reasons fr thinkig at pulc transpot is imporan .
Firstly , it is ve good for he environment eause it reduces a lo of arbon oxide gas which , if everybdy took teir cr instead of taking pblic transpot , would llute the atmosphere .
Secndy , raelling on public transport makes it muh easie to travel in rush hou or in tho perids in wich ou hould not tae your ar .
Fnally , it is a good way of travelling ecaue it is safer an travellig in a r or on a motorike and also beause you are ch or reaxed than in a a and it saes time , too .
To cnclude , pulic transort is good for the envroment , it maks it much easie ad ceaper to travel , and it , in some ways , sves lives .
or thoe reasons and som others , I hink that pbic transort should be er r many year to come .
Helo .
I am going to talk abou my country .
I le in te capital of Seden , Stokholm .
It is a big ci with more than on milon pole .
I live in a little art of Stockhol lled Danderd .
Danderyd is n't insd the city .
It 's om klometrs utside of it .
Because Daneyd is n't in the city , it 's very ch nature ad nce pepe .
So Swden is locted in the north pr of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
It 's a g cuntry and does n't he mn inhabiants .
Arund 9 - 10 ilion peole .
It 's one of t bgest contries in Europe if you think about t area Sweden a .
Aywa , about one tousad years g , Sweden , Demar , inlad and Nora were Vikings .
e kings were ike pirates at lived in th countries I 'm talking about n thousand yars ago .
They saile to Fane an Engla to plundr .
But he aso were t ne that first dicoered Greenland , North Amria and ia .
The Vikings were feard by most people in Eope , but they wer also merchants and explorer .
Most eole in wden r Christians .
t ecuse Swee accepted so many people eeing to Swdn from the wr in the norhen pas of Africa and the southwest pat of Asi .
T climate in Swden can be vey cld , especially in he northe parts of wden .
If you are at e most northrn part of Sweden , it 's always ay in t sumr an always night in e iter .
Also , we it 's winter o n see soething called the norten lights .
It 's a strange light in the s in different colos th is very beautiu .
Sme peple trae to eden ust to ee it .
In Swden we he ver good education .
Most eople go to high schol n uiverity .
Thre is a roblm with jobs , thoug .
It 's hrd for young people to fnd jbs in Sweden .
In Seden we are very pro of a free downloadble program where ou can listen to almost all the muic in te world .
It 's caled Spotify ad it hs grown sper big .
Tere is also anotr free program hat is caled Sky , were you can talk to eh other and tex ac ote totally free !
Te ging communiy in e orld is gowing fast and st of he by that ve a omputr ly games .
In weden , gaming is rall big and there is also n ga maker ta ha made a game called BF , or Battle Fid .
It h en a great success and is e of the be gams in the world .
We in Sweden a also very pud of our bs football player , Zatan .
He 's e of the best footall plyes in the wrld and is really ppular oth in Sweden d in other countries , especially in Europe .
En though we have a t to be roud of , we need to make a lt of thin beter .
In Sweden , we have a lot of different people rom iffeent culturs .
Te problem is ht there ae a l of Swedish people tat re racst .
Not he majrit , of course , u there e an racists .
That a be really painful o tos who a n't rm Seden originally .
Or for those wo do n't hae Swedish cultue .
Also , as I said befe , we ed more jb .
My ho ountry is ong Ko , whic is a foer British colony .
Atr the handover in 1997 , it became a special dministative region of Chna .
h location of Hong Kong is in Asa , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and e wold .
Snc it is located in a specifi ra beween Cha n the we , boh clture ae alo opuar tre .
Despt the land in on Kong being ju 1,00 sq.km , 7.2 million citizens lv tre .
Fom t 180 's , it has been developed as an internationl finanial entr d so many globl invesors have set up their headqarters tre .
Cmpred with other devlope cuntris , Hong ong 's economy is table an copetig wth Sinapore to be th prime leader of Asia .
For languages , Chinese and Englis are the ai language which are us in Hong Kog .
For duation , every developed country is concerned with t issue .
Th Hng ng government s invsted lts of capital in developing a bettr education sysm to build a knowledge - based society and a ettr future .
It is providing a 12-yar free education for every child nd they mus be ducatd for at least 9 yers .
As mentioned , ong Kong is a special administrative region of China , whose sytes and laws ae different from Minland China .
Residents in Hon Kong a noying a hg level of freeom in religon , peec , oranization , activiis , ging abroa durig thir life .
Owig to thos separate characteristis , ctually , Hn Kn cn be described as a colourful nd billant ity .
Going aces is of paramoun importance for eople , and ong quickly even or so ; that 's y I think public transport is o the mst efficient ay to go plaes .
The use of public transport takes mre tie than using a car , which cn be consierd as a wst of time .
Yu are dependnt on chedule hn ou use publi mea of trasport . That is to sy y can no begin your joure wh you want .
You must wat for the rigt time of departure n yo must be at te departure point on time , whc implies getting to tht specific pce by ny other meas of trasort .
All this aks using a car much mr convenient , e to th fat that t only do ou eave we ou want , bt lo straightaway from the vry door of your own ouse .
Wen you go by ca you an control our timing , stop at will , n if y go wi somon else , it may be chepe : provided e cot of t ourny wl be the same , no mater how man passeger you tae with you , whle on pubic transport o have to pay r a tcke or eery single passenger .
Anway , to tll you e trt , I 'd rthe take a ran . For nstace , it means travelling in a laxing w , not unning rks of accidents , having the cane to ed or play " trave " chess , meeting n peple , like on a stage coach but ovng faser .
Dar Sir / adam
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appeared in is month 's eition of EnglshAcademy magazine .
As y will se from my ecloed CV , I have worked h las three yars as a persnal assistnt to te director of a well - known international company bad in London whle I am finishing my part - time degre in Mder Langaes ( English - German ) .
Thoug my mother toge is Saish , my Elish is fuen d I am versatile wh difrent languages .
Throughut my work history and studies , I ha displayd excelent eamork and people - orieted kills , hch I beiev ae crucial skills in an administrative positio .
I have also wored une pressure nd met deadlines ithot a pblems , bcuse I am sed to being reurceful and managing tme efficiently .
In terms of my suiabiliy for rception and adinistratve roles , I am organized , amiabe n hepfu .
In addion , I ve exellen cutomer service sills and am ghly efficient in the use of couters in a wide variety of applications .
Therefore , I cosder myelf cmetent nd optimisi to respond to the challenge offeed by the po of receptionist in yr language school .
I oul genuinely welcome the oportunit of an invitaion to wor for ur language schol .
I have recenly moved to York and am avalable f an immediate start .
lease do nt hesitate to cntact me fo y furthe information or to arrange a persal meting .
I look forward to herig from you .
Yurs faitfully
I do n't kno what I av to ay , but the ol ting th I ko is that my English pronunciatio is t very good .
I want to imove my glish pronunciation ills so I will be able to unestand ntve spaker .
I av an Amercan girlfriend d she is vry fluent in nglis becaus it is her mother tongue .
I wnt to be uent so e can undestand what I ant to ll her .
I want to tell e so many things about my feelings towards hr , but I do n't know w to say tat .
Now I have decided to improve my writg skills , becaus nce they have mproed , I will be very happ and I thnk tat my ideas ' xpresson will be od .
I tink tht my pronunciatin will be od wen I can spek r a long riod of tm an in al situations .
So , now I have two main goals .
he fit one is to study a lot of gramm lessons , n h second n is to learn how to organize my ias fo a ln period of time speaking .
Thank you for sending me th corrected frm of my writin , and I ealy apprecte hat very mc .
s nam is Mohamed , bt he is uually caled Fanc , an easier am to se in Italy , the contry were he works .
ohamed is fo Senegal . He is 33 yea l , n graduated in education with a Maer 's in education f children a peole wi spcil needs .
He cmpleted his studies six yea ao , but since then he has been uable to find proper mployment in hs cuntr .
Therefore , he decided to migrate , looking fo better ob opportunities .
After a complex n difficult journey , Mohaed managed to eah the talan oast in 2011 . Helped by e Seealese community , he eventually found a jb as a frut ller in a ocal market .
Despite hs hg qualified studies in edcation , Mohamed had to do a b in a completel dffrent field .
Th phenmenon of the mmigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities h eome ommo in the last decades .
Howeer , nowadays , even in ich estern Europe , many highy uaified European graduates struggle to find emloymnt .
Tis has become a callenging issue tha is leading ost of tem to start the same imigration patern follwed by Mohamed twards other cuntries .
Ulike he st - Wa society , ere he uropean economy wa booming , for oe than 5 yers , Europe has been sufering fr a profound eoomic crisis whs major efect ar orn by the young , incling hghl qulified gradutes .
Such a phenomenon is lo wrsned by the education curiculm adopt in many schools , hic has filed to dap to the chages brought aou in sociey by globalization .
chool d job mrket ae often sprated like two different worlds .
Terefor , onc graduated , uaified yong people find hemselves acin oth h enomic criss a a ostil b market .
I believe that governments of dfferent countrie should come togehe to find apprpriate measures to overcome the ecoomic criis ad sto the vicious circle hat leads qualified people to be exclud rom the b maket and , threfore , cotribute to eacerbating the mpact of he economic crisis .
My nme is loé ubé a I am both Italian nd French .
I go cycling nd runnig regularly so I hink I could describe myself as a sportswoman .
I am a pasinate reae , in particular of thrillers n French poetry .
My passion or trvel es back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curious rson , I ke astin new oods and discovering ew lacs .
I le to think of mysel as a go - gtter , so I alway try to keep mself active .
I am not a class act , yet I y to do my best , so if I av to work in a team I am the moer and shake of e group .
However , as I te to be s in my ys , ometmes I c appea a kow - it - ll or too pragmatic .
I would ik to be part of his roect as nxt year I will ave to lie a on way frm my parents in order to sudy Meicine .
Therefore , I tin this experince of three months could off me a unique hnce to grow as a person and beter understand if I am atually rady to be 10% independent .
I think thi exerienc is th challene that I eed in order to come more matur d responsible .
I beieve tht hs projec is the martest wy to spend my summe .
Ideed , folowig a routine of wrk wold llw me to pt my mn in er d udy o or three urs a day .
In dditio , this prject is probably t bet chac of reall getting to know me bout the Baltic Reublics .
A cople of years ago , I ent a coule of weeks in Bright wt Ef .
Durig ha period , I shard a roo ith tw Finnsh irls in a foster family .
We ot on lie a oue on fire d I still have several wondeful memries .
Therefore , I oud be me than willing to share th expience with anothe tuent .
As on e 6th of Septembr here will be the niversity ety test fr Micine , I will have to fl back to Ital f a couple of days .
In my spare me I am e baby - sitter of an dorable boy wh is only 6 years ol .
Last yer , I d some graphic dsign or te ebste of a sciety calld SHIPinSPACE .
In dition , ls yr , I particpated in a work placement at te ASL in Rvol .
I am going to repeat e exeriece in March at the local hspial .
Shopping is no always enjoyae .
Is thi true ? I gree with hs stateent .
Why ?
Because , hn we deci to go shopping and we he an idea what we at to buy and it apper that we ca n't find what we want , we are isappointed and fstrated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for ome - is the be w to mproe their moo .
For example , when the find what they wat , or find something in a smllr ize , or jst find a trifle and a happy .
Unfornately , shppng a ao rng displeasure .
For exaple , hen we stay in a queue , cmig to th cash rgister d it transpires that the price on the label is moe expensive .
As we kow , for women hoppng is t best way to elax , but for mn , it is just torture .
I think tat if tere is no publc transport in the future , te traffic will be a toal mess !
Becaue everybod drives her cars and mtorccles on the rod , the traffc jms ll o ly be a serious problem o the government but will also be a safety prblem f citiens .
More vehicls on roads means more cr accidents happning .
Therefore , the government ne to introdce a good affic poly to ensure citzns ' sfety nd welfare of he the privilege of driving on th od .
If there a so many vehcles on the oa , it y ase eveal problems .
One is ha people my be stuck in traffic jams urig t ru our . Th econ is e moe vhicles here ar on the oads , te more exaust fumes wll be emitted into the a . The last a te most imortan roblem is that h gas and oil wol be depleted .
As a rest , I thnk taveling only by c is not a wise chic for th art , although it is convenie .
But we need to think hat here is a better way to protec the earth ad hmans ' environmet , such as ridng a bicycle or waiing fr an environmentally - frienl car to be invented .
No future o public transpor ?
People 's lifestyles ae changed completely in the pst 20 ear .
Car ar or comon on ciy ras .
Crs symolze walth .
Mny peole have to travel longer distances to or , a mos oftn their only oking to is their own car .
In addition , most pepl are no used to waling evn short itances .
In bi citis , peope lv a mor isoated life and are alwa in a hurry .
ve thouh tre are or and mre cars on h roads , I do not think this tendency will completly rduce the demand for public transportation fr the fllowing reasns :
raffi jas caue many prbles in big cies .
In ths ctes wre the numb of residents is ve a million , the public tranport system is widely use .
ne of the most widl used is th suay .
Studnts ofn u public tansort instead of ars betwe citie .
hre ae mny pele who have xperieced a car crash , or are just simply afad of drving , so thy prefer to use puic tranpor .
Those pple w hve menta or ther serious illnesses r n't alowd or are t ae to drive a ca . For tem , t public traspor system is necesry .
Not to menon that driving a car men y are responsible fo your passengers ' lives an it is less about conveience , even if travelling by r mes yu do n't need to deal with otr passengers .
I agree th the is a lower demand for puic transport in smaller cits nd tons , but th es n't men it a no future .
I 'm ro cuaor , a country surrounded by a great number of atura resources .
We are an undereveoped country , as ote countries sa , a " hird rld country " , but I 'm apy about ta .
Why ?
Becaue we see developed countries an the a that they use resource .
We see at hy ealy are ; the underdeveloped coutries ht they are .
eeing al of that , we will change our futue , doing ifferent things than they have done .
Recntly , my ountr has tartd to evelop s esources , u renewable energy , such as wd , solar , hydro - elctri pwr , eothermal energy .
Noaday , we really focus on ho we can extract this energy , but t on other important things , ie th w that we c sta to ue it , the correct ue tht we cod ae of it or how we can eue te energy .
Starting to develop ur ntin is in effc starting an excessive ue of nergy and hence starting to destroy e enionment .
Tradtional energies ae ocuse on giving al the resourcs to b cities .
Poor people eve thir tons to look for a betr le . But if we stard to giv them noug resources and decrease their migration to the b cities , e ne for enegy oud be derased .
Aso , it is a b opporuity to help tem .
They need resources to improve hir living conditions until my cuntr has the ssibility to give hm etter opportunities .
It is ifficult to understand a setorl development hre the globa interest is in bi citie , itout ookng after and helping t surroundings .
Nowadays , my country has started to build a grat nube of hyroelectrc nd wi parks n we are als starting to tin about geothermal energy .
But I think one thing is necessary before implementing these ypes of energies .
ll of them require frher studies to be done and , ith tha , we culd find ut t feasibilit of the projects and e size of the .
Imlementation takes tm n mony , t if he prjec does not work , a of that ould be pent in vain .
Sustainability is not aut searching for esorces d thn building lare constructions to extract em .
ustainbility is about finding e bst way to interact wt t environment .
It is like makin friends with nature and findig ot what it neds of us a showing it what we need of it .
Tryng to ke care of it , extracting only the neessar and trying to cause the least ssible damage .
As I said befor , ll of this needs time n a great umbe of studies .
Starting to an tae inerest in alternatie enrg nd trying to se ways to s it in yur native country is the first stp .
h impementatio of projts does not need to be only aou spedin mney .
Done in a good y , the implementation of proects hlps to improv citizens ' livs .
l those ltle ses elp ur nation to build a developed country that is nvionmentally friendly .
I ie in one of the most polluted cities in Indi , ich is als the cpita of Inda , i.e. Delhi .
owever , he city has tke vrious sps and easures to keep it clean and green .
It akes it mndaory fr e inter - ct use , cmmercial hicles and other heav eicles to u Compressed Naral Gas ( CNG ) insea of diesel .
It encourages people to pant moe trees ad cting he s be mde a pnihable offene .
Burnin of leaves d other waste product s lso ee made a punishble offnce .
A arge number of ue capacty wast treatment plants hav een established to keep the ity cean ad gren .
Recently , fo the protecion of te evironment , e Hon'e Nationl Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles moe than 15 yer old .
Graduly , eope in the city are bcomig cautious with respect to h enironmnt n they re trying their best to ke it clea a safe .
People r inculating the habit of dsposig of garbage at a defined plae .
They a onservng rain ater uing a ain watr havsting ocess .
Th re tying to reduc ependency on prvate vehicles and itching to pulic modes of transport .
Tey ar using mr renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sourcs of enry .
Inallation of solar haters , solar ights , sing solar cell watches nd driig eletric cars ae in ogue in the ciy .
MY FAVOURI SA OPERA .
I really eny soap operas I hv sen a lo of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an Englih one called Fwly Towers .
It s wrtten by John Cles and Con oth and it sow e dail life in a fictious otel .
Thee a fr main haracters : t hotel wner , a moody man nd his bsy wife , ad th workers , a pleasnt maid and a Spanish witr who does n't speak Eglish .
In every piode , ne clients go to this hotel ad hav a lot of cazy , fun n srcastic situations , btwen orkers , owners nd customers .
Particulrly when t owner gis orders to te waiter , hese sittions become ilarious .
It was a sort soap oper , only ten chapters , but at the ed , it seems like o ae know the r a log me .
I recommend it .
Its short stories av a funny and relaxed time .
As tecnoloy develps rather rapidly , it 's a ord - wi peomenon o for us to ind that lar - sae buidings and ransport tworks are to be built for t ae of uman economy , whc eans vat areas of famland , forest ad wtland are on h w to beig ruined .
A large number of roblms are coming up at prsnt .
First of a , th enviroment tha belongs to both m and widlife is going to lose balanc in e coystem .
It meas hat more kinds of species r endangered because the are unble to adapt themselves to he remaining lad .
Then comes the probl of human beings .
The planting of vegetables an other food on te farmland ill decrease so much at the need of humans ay not be e one day .
Moreover , th the decreasing number of trees and many other pats , carbon doxde n n be copd ith by those ntural machines , which wll el the remaini ice in the orld .
Thus , te sea lel ill go up to influence e limae , leading to armer days in the hle world .
As a as I 'm concerned , it 's critial fr governments to tke measures to reduce th roblems .
Firstly , reevant lw and inciples soul be pu in plac to forbid extravagant expansion in the naturl system .
In addition , supervision of h protecting steps needs to be unertaken by h goverment .
Wht 's mor , te importance of th prtetion of nature can be emphasized by educating itizns gradualy , no mater whethe it 's on cmpus or in public places .
Anay , th key to prtecting r ling environmet from being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
ea Sir ,
I 'm loing fo a lguage cenre whih pepares students to ta he Cambidge xams , especally the F.C.E. On reading t newspaper , I 've learned abut yr class and your mthod ses efficient .
So , I wonder if I old apl to oe of your cures ?
As I 'm taking a year f , I am aalable at any tie in te week .
I 've been living in Iread since at ugut in rer to practise my English language , u I ne to iprove my spelling a my writing as well .
I am interese in applying for one - on - on classes in order to sudy in th most efficient way I a .
Pease could ou gv me re inforation about it as soo as possible in order to book in quickly .
( How uh ?
Wh can we star ?
How lo ?
tc .. )
I am looking foward to hearing from you soo
yours faithfully ,
Sndrie Verreau
e doorbell an .
hen I opened the door , imgine my suprise !
In front of me sood a Hr rishna !
I was alone in th office , it as late nd I had a o of work to do an en I heard te sound of te dorbell I felt really use becuse I s lookig forward to going home .
Anyway , h man ws wering an orange costume , he as surprisingl tal and slim and he wa comleely bald excp for a ln bla ponytai coming o of hi head .
He seeed h os pacii a in te wld , so I a n't afrad .
On h cnrary , I felt pretty amused whn he started dancig , prancing and sngng an unknown so .
It was really ad not to burs out laughing in hs fe !
When he stopped , he gv me a colourd braelet ad sad ht it would make me hppir .
I s so gld to hae a this comic moment tat I ae h a lile gift d I nvited im to come back again !
UNORGETTABL FRIEND
I met hr in scon grade . We wre ueung to go ino class . Tht s the mmen I saw e .
And hw coul I have know that she would change my life foreve ?
She wa different from all e thr kids .
She was uiet , but interesting at the ame time .
We bece frieds we we were 8 years d a we vsitd each other l t tm .
At at tie , I did n't hve an friends . Se hele me to overcome my problems and trust mysef .
hat is why she is so special to me .
We evr hide anything from each oter .
We are iferent , u I think ha ht is a curos thig about fiendship .
8 years later , she hs become my best friend , my lost sitr , my complment .
he was hard to fid , but impossible to foget .
Peter looke at i watch an kn ht he hd to do something immeiaely .
He h forgotten he d a docto 's appointment and he was running ae .
He fishes getting ready r his appntment .
Once in he ar , he start to rve like a anac .
w culd he foret the time of his appontent ?
He still needs to find an A to withdraw some moe to pay for is appointment .
Once he ids on , he pulls up th car n ges as fast as he a to et some mon .
He fnaly arrives .
She was waiting or him .
Hoefully , ext tie he will set up a reminder to avoid this appening gain .
On e other nd , public tranport is convenient .
It is crowded at rush or .
Pickpockets can have a fild day with l he commotion of rush hour .
Beause public tranpor does o operate 24 hours a day , it means people have to folw a chedule .
Furthermore , there are certain foms of transport , such as tais , tht do not trael to he sbubs , so people either have to alk og distances to rech th neaet stp or be dependet on on form of pblc transpot to ach another , which can be a great source of stre if tere is ev a dla .
When it omes to te isue of hethe pets can be like our amly .
Some eople suget that we shuld avoid treating them hi y , whle oters mainin the oposite view .
As far as I am concern , the atte point of view caris mre weight .
I am inclined to believe at pet cn be treaed as family memer because th a loyal , and hae sol as well as being hman ' friends .
Fist of l , dgs and cats are ery loyal reatres .
Tere are many dogs who are more loyal d trutworty than my people on the eart .
Pets can ot eceive or e .
Many ds , for xamle , help their owners n protect them from may danger .
F example , my friend has a dog . One day en ty were on h farm .
A sak red to bie my fien t is dg , at the last moent , saved hi and to that snake ay .
Tht is y I love pets .
He took an action whh ny otr people coud n .
For ta eson , I appreciate my pets as if they are my frnds .
Secondly , the raon fr my tedency to tet ts as fmily ebers , is that tey hve sols .
They fl , as if thy were humans .
he fel our le towards thm and they can shae this love wih us .
Wie the c no expess their emotions in ur ordinary wys .
Everyoe soul rea th in a kid way .
The will never try to ur ny huma being , so why do people try to hur thm ?
Domestic animals are vry sensiive creatues at we av to treat as u bbes .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets an be considered like uma riens .
We cn ta , walk a hg out wit them .
Mn eple talk with their pets as if hey uerstand them .
One n tal with hi d , a or y oter kind of pet as if they are ther psychiatrist .
Ty discuss ith them many life events .
o eample , I hae an old ighbor who lis alon wih s ct .
He talks it her an lys ih her .
he I see him ad ask h how he is .
He ways tells me that " we " are fie , referring to him and his at .
Aftr seeing how this ld an lives alone wth hi cat wtout sufferig from loeliness ,
I do ot in or er living alone anore , as I have my friend , which is my cat .
To sum up , as a eron reaches adulthood , he nes to ecde wheter to be a humn or t .
He h to chose etween treatig his pets as family membes or o .
I would argu that treating our pets as our iends is an indication of hmaity .
Sic ty are creatues like us , they hae souls and felings .
hy an tk care of us an lo us in a vey interetin w .
That is w I onsider my cat my faithful riend .
Hello Paul ,
It 's ch a long time snc we talked last ie .
It w at Mtin 's part where there was amazing music ad lots of people .
Do you remembe ?
I hve't hed nything from you sice then .
Wha hae you been up to ? I 've jut stared a new ob o a bi French copany .
I 'm deigted although th weather is awful .
I think h ain will tp wn igs y .
The ciy where I live is nice with parks d , a ge lae .
I sully go running thee .
I would lik to see you soon .
Are you sill in Barelona ? We coul meet up next month ecause I wll have holidays .
Give my egards to yur aily .
Bye
Javier
er i ,
I am writing to o wi rfeence to you advertisement which I saw in te " Daily News " .
I am sxeen yer of ag , pursuing a egee of Intermedite at Ipeial College , keen to wok .
I really nd this jo useful for me as I hv a heart to be with childre and wa to earn mne for msef .
I would lov to range un actvities f children .
I ave aned some experience of working wth childrn whie bab - sitng my cosis last ea .
I use to coo , tok them out an plyed a l .
I am a fluent English peakr as I d the hance to spend my hildhood in Kent .
Moreover , I got a diplom in English radin and writing skills .
I woud fe rlieved if you wul let me know abt the commencement of the rogam as I ca trel this monh and the salary ffred er week .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if ay further infrmatio is required .
I am looking forward to your rspnse .
Yours fathfully ,
Amia Safar
SEAWEED : O FUTURE
I felt nervous he th phone ang .
I was waiting r te answer .
I was bginnng to work in a resarch enter fr Energy .
My wk was ve interesting and ecting .
Unfortunately , my scholaship was enin d I was hining but returning he .
I lied my projec a t and I wanted to cntine with it , b my project manager s wried .
He was looking r fus to eep our eam .
There were fi of us .
I picked up the phone .
It wa my boss . He to me : " Go ahed ! , the project continue ! " .
I hung up t hne ad I et ot to celebrate the ment ih my clleagus .
We elt ry hay .
Thanks to a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the nimum funds to evelop o innvate work .
We found a group of algae which sore enery cleanly .
We nly nded a water nk and t sun .
T energy of the sun was the fd for h seaweed n they stoed it in the cells .
Unfortunately , te process only works for tweve hours .
ur gol was to inease the storage capacity to several days .
We bul a pilot plant to ts our investigations in the laboratory .
h public authorities helped us when we showed our solutins .
Noadays , our te has gron up and there r thirty of us .
We re ging to build an industra plant to achieve our dream : storng rnewable enery without usig toxic materials n mining resources frm the Earth .
Peter looke at his wtch a kne tha he had to do something imedately .
He realized th he a fogotten to finish his mework , so , he an ac home quickly , n strted finishing s hmewrk .
While Peter was doing his homework , hi best frien , Tommy , invited Pet to pla fotball at night .
Hever , Pet decided to urn dwn ommy 's nvitation , an continue to do i homework .
Ten minutes later , he felt bord an wanted to ly som ideo games , but he had ot of hmewrk to do .
He was frustrated .
After that , he took a de breah on is bed nd mae his final ecision . He decided to keep on doing his hmeork a pject .
The nex dy , he hded in his homewo to his teacher and he got e highest mrk in his clss .
In his story , we c len tha strength of will is important for us to do somethi iporant in or daiy le .
Anna nw tat it was going to be a ery special y f her .
She a bou to stt an important trip , an essential change to h ie .
Mayb the a itself ould n't be extraordinary , but , r sure , she wold rember it l her life .
In th near future , s wuld describe this day to her fieds in a pu , probably her ew friends .
Not eery day do you leave your cntry witht knowing whn and y o wil come back .
Anna wok up at half pst nine whn the larm ng .
Te irst tin she aw w a perfectly packed suitcase ea he b .
The day before , all te clothes hic re inie th itcase a been lad ut on the bed : trousers , spring t - shits , nightdresses nd so on .
Se sighed and went to have a showr .
She was dng all t otine activities automatically , thikig of hr next jouey .
e had lived abroad seera mes bu he ad never gone without knowg abt he rtur .
At tat moment , Spain ws an unfair ounry .
She d been trying to fid a job for a yr , but she wa n't lucky at all .
Sh was a graduate , had even stuied a Master 's , n he ha othing to lose .
She a bve and intelligent , so she was going to tart a new lie with new opportunities in a diferent and firr countr .
Her parts went to se her off at e airport .
hy were crying .
It was ot easy to let a daughter go away on her own .
However , the kne that it as e bes for her .
oo luck , Anna .
owadys , my people dream of bein famous .
They think at a famous person has a marvellous ife wit no rblems , no utis or worrs .
They think ha this goup of peple just hs a btte life and things go very well .
But people should ralize , th thee are many advantages and disadvantages to eig celebitis .
As fa as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
Basically , a famous figure h no privacy .
They ca n't go to the cinema or theatre , or just go o a walk without beig recognised .
No matter wee a famous person gs , he mst realize that , next d , he ill be on he fot ae of the newspaers with lots of rumours .
Celebrities do n't have an easy lfe .
I think they ha no life at all .
Beause , wat is proper in lvig when journalss are following every step th famus eson tak ?
We re al fre people and eerone deserves to have his on life .
In my opinion , journalists and other peopl ould accpt and respect it nd sometimes tey should jt let go .
Neverhelss , celebritie decided on that kind of if .
Thy md th decsion on their own .
So , I hin that th must have known about the consequences n should st liv as tey like .
ar Sir / Madam ,
I hav seen he advertsemet for the vacancy in yur cfe in he loca newspaper n would ik to apply o this posiion .
My na is Mike Hennig .
I am a 22-yea - old part - time tudet of the loa niversity .
I have ha two previous jobs .
he fst w in a a owned by my uncle , n t secnd , in a cal resaurat named " Drgo " ( Chise cuisne ) .
I am an curate , punctual an trustworth peron .
My employers ve never cmplained out my work .
I reined fro my las mployent becse the restauran was closed for a long refurbishment .
I am bl to work from 9 am til 2 pm very weekdy .
I am aso rey to work long shifts on Wednesdays , and on idays and Saturdays I ca wk extra tie .
If y ed any rfrences , I can request te from te niversity Student Center ad from my last employer . I am available to start wo ext wek .
My moile number is 07899999 .
I am available fom 10 am till 17 pm .
I am loong forwrd to heaing fm you .
Yous fithfully ,
ike Hnnngs
e Colosseum is t ms famou n biggest building of Ancient Rome n it is as te igest amphitheater in h World .
The na of hi construction is related to w reason : one reason is relad to the dimensions of th building ; the seond reason is ecaue ne thee is a bronze ttue .
In 1990 the Coloseum w p onto the li of te hritae of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was include among the ne Seven Wonder of t World .
The arena could ho about 0000 seats a te area was about 75 x 46 mete and aout 50 meters hg .
It was but between 70 a 74 a .
C.
nd it as inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Colosseum spad ony in the Middle Age . In ancient ime it was sd for gladiator shows and for othr public sos .
Thee Roman emeror bul the Colosseum an ty wr Vespasia , Tiu and Doitian .
The olose was otn restoed because it was often in difficult situations .
Finally , I can say tt the Closseum is a fantastic biling as much o beauty as r importance , and if a touis is comng to Italy for the irst tme he should see th Colosseum .
Dea r ,
I am writing wit referece to e venig ar course that I arted last night .
I ish to express my dissatiaction wit hi course .
The fist leson ws abo painting , t becaus of te lack of quipmnt , we cold nt paint .
There were not enogh brushes an pains fr all th stunts ,
perhaps beaus tere were o many eole d also , he more people there are , the ore space we ne d t rom was o smll .
We flt o and we had no refshment facilitie .
Never have I seen such a ack of organizaion .
he we complained to te core teache , we were told that this did not eped on him .
He as not helfu and was unplite .
It was the first cas , but as a tacher he coul have ha better behaviour .
I wold like to learn on th art ourse , but yu should solve the prlems or iprve the .
I look forward to hearing yr views on this mate .
Yours faihfully ,
Ins Soloo
My perfect oel would be ea to the beach , on t Meditrraean oast , because in his aea thre re many tourists .
The hotel would be luxurious but evrybody could come because he pries wud be low , so the htel would be alays full . I thnk that ma peope wan to go to a lxurious hotel but they ca n't .
The htel woul have many services d facilities , like a good recptio , spa , if connection an pa - per - vi TV in the rooms , a great chef w cood the dishes of the Mediteranean cuisine , a swimming ol , a bar on he beah and a bo f trip around the Mediterranean sea .
I would like to ha the pint of viw of tourists to mproe t htel .
Ts is the htl of my dreams , but te ms important hig is that th eple r happ in their acomodation . If he are happy they will return next ea .
O day a friend of mine was goin to an ateur theatre to see a musical and aske me if I fnied joinn her ; I am no fon of musica , bu I went .
h performanc turned out to be enjoyable , ith a l of witty joes .
The actin ws surprisinly emotioal , but a bit wooden .
fter h show , I was introduced to o of t actor , who as my riend 's cosi .
I wondered if he a planning to ttend a dram school .
His answer astnished me ; he d o want to become a professional actor .
Moreovr , he fnd beg fmou extreely irritating .
I , like st pople , took fr grantd hat celebrties t only seek fame , u also benefit rm it .
They experience gracios living , enjoy glizy paies d admre the phot in glossy magazin .
Anyway , that is only one se . What do we know about the flipside of ame ?
Do we fte tnk wt it means to ive under constant public scrutiny ?
Ery mistak the famous ake is chard aaist them .
hy can do nothing that ca n't be gossiped aut .
They ar ot even allowed to have anythn for thei on .
Papaazzi me public heir da - to - ay rouie , hobbies and passions .
Wn it turns t tt al th people we got used to idolising are just people wi their o hortcmings , we become disappointed .
We watch merilessly how celebitie tople rom teir thrones nd ven fn lasure in that .
People , it does n't attr if hey are famous or n , are st people .
Noboy is perfect .
hy do n't we wan to give people entertaining us a cance to be themselves ad to hve a ral private ife ?
Hlo Beatriz ,
I loe MSTERCHE .
It 's on of he bst TV ooking progammes that I hae ever sen and I absolutely gre ith yo when you ay that ti programme promotes individual and collecti work .
I ve a friend who went to MASRCHEF and he taught h amateur cooks how to mk brea .
He is a famous artian aker h live in my tow .
He told me tt it ws an exciting experience .
I thin that you gve us a lot of information about e pograme , and your opinion about it is ver nteresting .
I rlly like ur review ! !
It al ean on a rainy morin in uly . School 's out or 10 days and , as a resul of bd grades at school , Michael is forced to spe th summer ith his hateful ad rich couns .
They are me beauiful ad popar tn him , al e rls re in love wit them and all boys would ay to ated their parties , including chael an s friends , h wr always exclud .
" I uld sy stop th rrogance by my osins " said Mchael to his frinds n thought abu staling te es of o of tir millionair houses n having a party with his friends .
In the n , he pty turned out a success . For Michael it s e beginnng of hs popularit .
ut t house was destroyd n the neighbours , furred r he cnfusio caued during the ight , had called the polc , wo , without hi knowledge , re waiting outside th hos to tke hi to the police station .
Afte eveything that had hapeed , Mihael close the dor and ke at ht mment he ad ma a mistak .
ear eter ,
I 'm very pleased to inform you tt I ill be our olege for the next s moths .
I 'll have plenty of ie to do what I wa , but I would lie to spend my te doing e right things .
Ca you he me ?
rst of ll , the first two oths , I wold like to find an nglish acamy .
Improving my English is the bt y to pply for a job .
I 've ju fnised my teaching degree and I ve experience in schos . Could o send me a webpage wre I an find more informaon about hw to apply for a ob in the UK ?
I tin tha it could be a eat opportunity to improve my English kills ad learn ls of hins about te UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at t end of the letter and if u now somewhere wee tey need a native Snish speaker , please , contact me .
I would lke to save soe money , and at the n of my UK experience , spend my ime traveling roud your country .
Is it interesting ?
Cold you tell me the mt importan attractions aoun your city ?
ed me some turist informato if y ave some .
If u ha da off , I hope we n eet at the rad and join me .
Ha a nice weend . Bst wihes
Guillermo
Think abou yr fmil . Is it ipotant to you ?
It should be , becaus it helped ou to be wa you are today !
As I am 13 yars younger ha my rother , our prents spend me time ith me tan wih him .
While he is already wokng an sharing a house ith hs wf and h aughter , I eed my mom nd a to lie .
Now I have them almost jut for me .
In a amil , responsibilities increase with ag . I hv some , bu not a lot .
Somtmes I have to take care of my little cousis or my niece and clan my bdroo . It 's t mh .
Nowadays , environmetal issues have bcoe a geat concern for scentists , as the problem is rowing .
Hower , lay people em no to worry bout the ise very much .
What n people do ery day to help the environmet ?
Pople are nt aar that a small change in thei lives is of great hl .
Water an electricity r wasted day after da , while a little chnge in people 's habits can make a difference .
Transport as always een a majr problem .
If the b was aken mre often , instea of ging by car , it wold be of great he .
People have nver tkn into account that fact .
Another major roblm is lack of recylng .
If ople cycled , rubbi wuld be give a second use , and rubbih dus would be shrunk .
All in ll , it ses that if ch tiny chges are made , a hue hp to save natural resources wil be done .
Decoating ih phraal verbs
irs y us xplode e ld ne ad lean up he ess rom the eplsion . Second , ain th wall by ourslf bck paint until ou ck up som of the paning skills , or you an use wallpaper . It 's vry rendy a eas to put on the wal . The thi step is , " of coue " , oing to buy furniture frm Damiett . Here are some tps you can tke . if you ae ingle , then you can uy a ig oz purpl oa with many colorful cushions to row all over t plac , but if you are married ,
tn let your wie mk th decision . Finally , if you have broen up recently , th do n't do nything . Just ight up you cgarete an ha out ith your ex - girlfriend ,
ky , let us ge back to the decoratig .
Aa knew that it as gig to be a very spial dy for her .
he just felt it in her ones .
e alwys belieed in such premonitions .
ven thugh e had forgotten to turn on er alarm lock , she woke up at 7 hap as he had wnted the day before .
Th weaher outside the indw was totally different .
Te sun was shining d irds wre sigin .
e made hself a cup of a ey aromatc offee n he i n't even bun the toast le uual !
h thought tat this day would n't be ordinary .
Suddenly , she look at h calendar on the fridge and ralized that tday wa her birthday .
Morover , the net dy her party would be hed .
She qckly aced he handbag n r out to atch a bus to university .
At classes , everyone was very kin to r .
Peter brouht hr avorite chocate d ate made a special birthday crd with a oem .
Anna t e et mr in the group rm the prvious test .
Th last lcture was canceled , so sh was able to go shppng wth her friends .
After some hours in a shopping centre , th girs were vey hap .
When Anna ot back home , she saw a huge bunch of red ross an rk as sitting behind it .
e started to sout n cry , ecaue s as very happy tha r fiance ha come frm abrod one ek earlier than he panned .
What a urpise !
Tt was the ms ppy day of Anna 's life .
any peopl cose to go travelling to elax .
Gog travelling , people m schedule various destinations and tms .
Pople y nt to dicoer iffrent paces in a ct , town , eve in an alley .
r h above reasons , r trael is h best coice .
Ulik pubi transporation , hee is no limit on ou oue , no fixed timeabl r ar travel .
Y can start your journey at y ment , an tme .
You do n't av to wait until public transport arrives .
our a is so good , you c go anywhere yu want with you car , no mtter which mounain , beach , or it it is .
Car travel makes peole el fre during the journy .
There is no ed to it wth srangers wh may cause an awkwrd iuation .
You can trael alo .
You ca also travel with yur pet .
Most of the time , pe ar nt allowed to be on public transporttin , whc is nt a god thing fo a pet owner .
Above l , a travel is not only convenient , but ls ree in your ourne , whi leads public trasportation to a faing futue .
Te concept of beauy has chnge since people statd thining hey ned to be thn to be prtt .
Sandrine has been a modl or iv ear so far .
e has ways lood or perectio .
Also , h as admited h would do anthig to ae a erfect body .
Hwever , he never imagined h dangeou this jb coul be .
ine Sandrine became a model , s as chaned er diet .
It hs been thre ers o sie she stopped havig lunch .
adrine alwa sis it because she this it is unnecessry if she want to be tn .
Toda , Sadrin fainted during a fshon how .
eople we ver woried about her .
Doctors ai she had ecome an anoxic .
Sandrine realized modeig as a dangros j , because it can make you change your mind abut you w dy and diets , and you could easily ecome il without en knowng it .
Nowadays , it is aiful ta t too my people realize o degrading ad dangeos ti o can actually bcom .
I had never felt so nervous whe , abou six oths a , I finly decided to it the Fst Certificate in Eglish ( FCE ) exam .
T ex is oranied by Cabrdge EOL and it tak plac twice a yar .
Because I ad ecided to take my ea in Ju , it was absolutely necessary to erol in an English preparation ouse as soon as possible .
If I wanted to pass e xa , I had to improve my Engih skils .
So , I ha started to ear English vry frequently a prtty hd .
I he ben larnig English f e last si months .
I have studied nglih at least two our a d and longer .
Very soon I ad recognized that h process of learning wa no as eas as I though .
I had a lo of tngs to improve , such as witing and rading skills .
Mreove , I a many problems with Eglsh gramma .
I was prtty sure tha a lot of work was watng for me head .
B I am a really lcky person . I found a good teacher wo supported me all te time . I ls had some casmates who hd he same aims as mine .
We met to sudy frequently .
We oganized sme additional activities , such as an English ovis night , a one day tr to London , and a ook dscussio about English writers and ets .
Beause we did n't live in n English spekin contry , we tie as much as possible to create an English - speaking environment .
Today is a big day for me and my classmats .
Finally , we are tang the FCE am .
I he we will ass it , bcause we d ur bst .
I at to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploiatio nd development of oilfields . at is why I want to gt a mter 's egre broad , or a Ph at my univrsity .
I tnk I av the appropriate bacgound , my GPA is god enough .
Besides tha , throhout my unversity education , I have ee a participant at scientific conferences and I ook pans to practically assimilate everything I had larnt during my sties .
For eample , I have succsfully completed the " Ofshore Dillin " course of " Toa " Prfessors Association ad I ean to broaden my outlo in the future .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know , I jst moed to a new town .
I love it hr in Span .
The town is no too bi but still o t small .
I hae already t ay new kid peope .
I think I wl really lik it ee .
Of curse , I is you an al of my friends bck in wede , t I will visit you guys so !
Here ere are ls of tngs to do , u a swim , go on a road trip , vsi h zoo and go for a wk .
The main attractio ere is absolutely the each .
It 's a nce beach with white sand d le water .
I love t beac , beaue I can wm , go ubathing , ad dive int the ocean and see l kin of fis .
I hop everything is geat back in Sweden . See ou so !
Hi avd
H a yo ?
av you red any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazie called Coolclub , which only started a ek ago .
Inside , tre ar really grat photos ad lots of articles about l our favourite singers and bands .
Thee 's ong to be a competition for a onh , with excellent pries .
Te magazine also hs a letters page and they pay $ 25 fo the most interestng letter or email .
I tink I 'll try to rie omthing fun , to i $ 25 .
Peraps I 'll describe our orney by oa round te islad .
Do you rmember ?
ou wre taking a photo of me n I suddenly fel in t e !
I laughed so muh !
rte an tell me abou the magazines yu njoy reading .
Wih le fro Dimitri .
To : The organiser
From : Joonas Åber
Sbjet : Opinion on what young peple e inereste in
te : 27.10.201
ere is t repor y ased r about my oinion ,
abu what yun pepl a interested in today .
Fis of all , our generato of young people are more
open - minded and tolernt , in my pinin .
Music yle and
cothes trns change very quickly .
Television sries
or movies do no really change , young pole watch ld
show and n ons by turns , so I a not sa what TV
programes young people like to wach .
Now , young people le differen kinds of mus , I think
po ad disco mus ar soehing a yong eple ie .
Because ts kind of music connects them at parties .
It othes them , calms them , aggravates the , excites them .
Tha is y music is a very important thing aot this festival .
Cothe is harder , as I ai efoe , because fashion
chnge wiftly .
lthes need to be open and fre , simle enough .
We al wn to fel good in ha we wear , I recmmen hipy - style
lohes , not too hippy , bt smething cofortable .
Of cous ,
it depends wat season you 're holding te festvl .
If it 's autun and winr
tie , then I ugest me oth style . It has to be comfortable t
fashionable enough .
Maybe colrul n col blanets in ca someone gets
cold .
Al in l , I hnk hse ps will el yo n I hope yu ill
giv those people a go nternational fesial .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
With efernce to your recnt ad aut weekend caf ork . I am inteested in applying .
My nam is Amy . I am a full - te houwife an looking fo par - time or at wekend near my home .
I have bn a full - time houewfe for abt ten years , ine my chldren wre or .
Cooking is ar of my dail work , and is lo one of my hobbies .
I enjoy cooki and am nterested in different kinds of food , espeally Asian cusin .
I have expeience of coking n recepion fr parti / functons as I s a member of the School Parnts Assoiation of my children 's scool .
As a meber , on many occasion , sc as Crstmas Party d Shool Open y , I had opporuities to ean abo dffeent kinds of food from other membr as el as providing recepion duties .
I reall enjoyed swering arents ' enquiries n introducng hem to our school .
Thse was invaluable an rlevan xperince for the b I am applying f .
Al , I am availabl to work for long hurs at weekends .
It would be great if I could be selected o interview .
My mobie no . is 12567 .
I look orwrd to eceivin your ply .
Yours sincerely ,
Am Kin
Whether ovis and TV programs md in ou on cuntry re more interesting than movies d progas made in her cuntrie has bee widely discussed .
Many pepe are of the opinion that ometic movies d TV programs r bette hn oreign ns .
However , I strongly asert hat movies ad TV progams made in other countries ar better o he following reasons .
To egin ith , foreig moves n TV pogras are more stimulating .
To elaborate , thir stories r better , as there are mor twists and trns in te ots .
lthough the pot re ul of wists , they are stl ry realisti an do ot make their audinc feel that the plot a ery srane .
Moreovr , the specl effects re better becase forein ovies usully cost uc more oey than domestic moies to make .
For eampl , in th first 3D oie , Avatar , the move maker spnt a t of energy a me on developig a novel vie gnre .
It ventually made a ry good impression on it audience , and , most importntly fo a commercial movie , it rell d very well at the box offic .
Additionally , people cn learn more things rom foreign TV prgams a ovies .
Watchn foreig TV progras and movis , viewrs can arn not only forein languages but also bout exotic culures .
Furthermore , foreign TV pograms r more internatnal a educational .
For instance , we ca fn out a lot of foreig news from watching CNN .
e ews on NN includs eents which are happening l over he worl .
What 's more , he National Geogrphic and Discovery channes also teach me a ot of information nd knowledge hih I ca n't ean from domestic pogrms .
In contrast , some peole conside that oestic films are more familia than foreig oes .
Thy do not ant to larn so much becaue hey just watch movies f fun .
Thee is se truth in t claims that watching ovis d TV progam is a relang activity .
Howee , I still osider hat if people can larn me orein culur , or appreciae he spirits which foreign films contain , they can gt more refection as receating .
Plus , watching foign programs aso could help those peole attain heir oal -- reaation .
In sm , althou there are som dissenting ies , n can still safely om to the conclusion ha foreign lms and TV programs e more intersing than omstic vies d TV programs .
Although mvies in our n country e me ppular than in he past , foreign moves still play importn re in the domestic movie oer 's ind .
Wih an inense psion fo fshion , I pire to bcom a profssional product erchandser in h apare industry d set up my own bading business with my lder siser a hr husban .
Both of wom have more an five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
Thefore , I plan to maxmiz my previous exprience wih knowledge of psychoogy , prodct dvelopmet skills and degn , to usue grdute studies , and build up my bilty in e Mater of Fine Arts pogram in fshin merchandising at Acaem of Ar University .
It is si ta the ai bjectie of televiso is to enterti peope nd make their free time happier .
However , televion shuld n't be se ony fr tis purpose b f dferent reasos .
On he one hand , most peple have , at est , ne television in eir oms , so it is very accssile to everyone .
o this rason , instad of enertaning , elvision should offer eucativ progames .
Nowadays , childrn spend ore time at home than before .
They are used to managing different technologies le telviions or cmputers .
I think hat hildren ca n't be suervised by their parents l the tme bcuse ty ave to work and do husehod tasks .
For his reason , it is portant for the to av a good educaiv progamme on television .
I am nt saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things like number or leters .
Televisin is very imprtant for giving language sill to hildren .
When I was young , I sd to wth televisin every afternoo to lrn interestig things lk geography or mhs n it hele me a lot .
Televiion alowed me to lar o to spe Catalan crrectly and it also ge me a good converstion topic to lk about ih friends .
Fod passion !
I really like to ea , when I can , in h pub near my houe .
In is place , " Stella d'o " , the ownes prepare delious roll .
In particular , every week ou cn find " Il pnino più " , a speca rol ceated by h imagination of t ck .
Of course , I preer to go to thi pub wth my famly or ith my riends , especially if I he somethig to celebrate , r example , brthdays , anniversaries or something lse .
I remember whn one of my daughtes celebrted her eghteenth brthda , th pub 's owner put he nuer eigheen , md of chees on a roll , th a ltte candle .
We I go there , I also drik a good mixe be : half lgh beer and lf red beer with a good flavor .
Of course , with e roll we as order a lot of hps .
If after are all hat we r stil hungr , we order cakes .
Te ave many different cakes : profiterols , meringat , tiramisù and so on .
Of course , if te sx of us go together , it is qui expensive , bt if I only go it my usband , I do n't send so muc .
I suges evryoe goes to this pce because , not only is the foo good , but ao , h owners are very frienly .
The only probl is finding a parig sae because thi pub is in a narrow road where it is ot eas to find a spce to pak a ca .
B if you a lcky , you will be abe to park .
Some people ay ha shopping is not alwy enjoyable .
Of core , spedng hours in e shopping ma ay be tiing .
But it an ao be realy relaxing and plesan .
It is said ht only men at to go shping .
Especially with their mothers , girlfrinds or ves .
ut omn ls think ht shpping cn be an unpeasant experiene .
Particully when we al about everydy running from shop to hop to buy leuce , meat or toothpaste .
It ca be realy frurating .
Bu wn we think about ging to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't en hve to have mon , because we can just go and do winow spping .
Wihout spending money , we an get npired by new ollections or people that we see in th city .
I an understand people h s that shopping is orng .
Especially when we go from hop to sp ut we ca n't find anyhig interesting .
And I do n't even ant to hin about he suation wen we realy eed to buy something becase of th coming pmo weddi .
t we n do online hoppin , which sem to be eaier sometimes .
It is ood for peple who do n't want to leve their homes or just do n't like t crowdd shps .
We ned hopping .
Ev if we do n't have to do daily shopping beuse of our mother or somebody else , someday we ll hv to go out n buy something .
We also sometime just ned to get new clothes .
Genealy , shoppin can be seen as an enjyable experience or just a basi need in order to survive .
he most fmous person fm my country is Mr. John tfferson , wh works in a epartment str d is alws planning how to ke eope 's ves more comforable and beer .
He deserves to be famou because he as s w charity an helps oo famiies wit litle children .
Sometimes I lstn to t radio and hear his comens about some proems in my ow cuntry d som suggestions about how to make our life better .
The oorbell ang .
When I oeed th oor , imagine my uprise .
There as a little carboard x with my name on the to .
I picked it up off th ground .
I was jst out to close the door , when I her mum om the kichen : " Wh a it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " s asked .
I d absolutely no idea .
I started to on it vey carefully .
There ws a cket for my favourite muc band .
Thy a a concert ha evening in N ork .
I talked out it with Mu . "
Shuld I go if I do n't knw who sent th to me ? "
She w surprisingly open to the thught hat I could try it at least .
It wa n't tpical of he .
So I d it .
I s sitng an waiting in the cnert hall .
The seats next to me were stl empty .
he it hapened .
In the mddle of he crowd wa standing my mum , ith my d , h had just returned rm te wr .
I was absolutely excite .
It was e est night of my life .
UNXPECTED VIS
The oo bell rang .
hn I opened te door , iagine my surprise ...
here se was , standing in frot of me .
I thought I s dremng at frt .
Wh the hell a se doig here ?
How dr she com to my door?There ere no word to exres my feeings ...
Se 'd stolen my fiancee ma years a .
We 'd been prepaing to get marid .
I'd been in my country for a hil ine I need to apply for a visa r liin in i country .
Sudenly , he 'd t t conectio beteen us .
I culd n't g in tuch with him whatever I did .
Evey metd I 'd tried ws seless .
He 'd put up walls betwen us .
After a while , I 'd sen a picture on his Faceboo ge .
It was an engageent ng !
The words of congratulaion below h picture expained eveything : He 'd o mared to oeone else !
I could n't eieve my es !
Ho come he 'd done at to me !
What hppened to a tose wod he 'd sad to me !
Asking him s seles .
l e aswer I culd ge was a he silence ...
I managed to keep calm thou ther a thunder nside my ear .
Bt I could n't speak anyway .
I jut looked at he with aking eyes .
" He 's dead . " sh sa , as if sh was whspring .
Her voice a wk a hky .
" I fun ti in his office . "
The sh andd me a box n wlked awa .
Nohing oe ...
o , ate all those ong ars hav on by full of pain , disappointments , issing and egrets ; all I have is the emoies whi were sav by h in a littl wooden box .
I 've neve oun out the eaon that made hi lav me , despite all hs oe for me , unfortunately ...
Peope gue ta tody 's television is a od of rubbish . The quaity of many progras is bsolutely queionable an in mn cases the lnguage is vulg .
Thr are several raons why tleision hs inherited this reputation .
First of a , the mny repeats of all programs , like srals or ims , do nt motivte people to watch it .
Thn , the large umer of entertainment programs broadast dicourge thoe ho want oe cultrl or factual programs , as ty ve been drasticll reduced .
It sems to be a esult of t fact that , aftr a long da , pole pree to unwind in ont of t television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then ne or what 's hppenig in the world .
Moreover , on televison , ther is a lot of adverting contantly interrupting the broadcast , an of course , his fact is vry unpleasant .
espite all tse facts , it is without doubt tht televisi has changed ou lives .
There are aso positive higs ht we have to ak into conideratio before condemning it .
For example , the ide choice of proram from l over the wrd alls us to dicver w cultures , new languges ad new socitis witho travelng , an this enhances r knowldge .
In addition to ha , he cost of television as an entertainmnt for opared to th cinema , t thetre or oea is cheaper and affrdble by everone .
lo , it is ver important to reeber that we alwas hae th possiblty to choose hat we want to wath nd when .
To u up , I think telision is vy god value r moe . T point is being able to choose wht we wnt to watch .
Famous pople are exposed to criticism and public oiion , u ha ds it mean ?
Firstly , hre are tw kds of faous people : those who want to have a piate life and who do n't want verybody knowing eah aspect of their ives , nd tse w sell certain prs of hei lives in magzine , newspaper or TV programmes , or ven their entire privat liv .
Secondly , taking this into accnt , I thik tat eveybody hs the rih to have a private lf and the igh to liv withot jurnalsts following th evrywhere .
It 's rue that their lives are too exposed and hey cn ot have a normal life .
Of couse , thy can control that by complaining in a cou .
Thidy , in my opinion , they have the ight also to sell only the parts of thi lis they wt .
But in contrast , there is he problem of when they shol stop , and journalists continue seling informtion or pictures and an embarrassing oment could ariv n , if yo ave sold things ie this before , you ca n't sa anything .
To sumrize , I believe ha eeybody deserves to have a private life .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to cort .
Da Jo ,
It is absolutely rewadin to receive god news from an old friend who as been abset fm my li r so ln .
I wod be so happy to provide yo with some ccommodaton while o sty in my conry .
I am currenly wrkin at a place wher I am getting a great age , so I av the possbilty to accoman you on our jourey .
We cold go to th mos representative places in Mexico , such as Templo mayor , Canún , Acapulco , aong many others .
In Mexico , a forgn person does ot face difficulties getting hir by a company . I ould be pleased to el you with this pt of your experiee in my coury . I know that yu ar someone who loves animals ,
erhaps we could go to te iy o in order to find t heter thre are any vacancies ha suit you ?
Smething I can do is to do om research into places that need peole who spk English flently .
As yu know , in this counry , if yu are omeone o speaks mre than 1 language , ou hv the cance of getting a grea job .
Pleas l me know if yu nd anything extra while ou are hr .
Myb a specil det , special lothes or any kind of thing you might ned that will not be asy to find here .
Bst regards ,
Lu
I di restling at college .
hi was during my irt year at colleg .
Tis sport is done in pairs .
It is done one afte the ther acording to their a groups .
Wrestling is a new sprt which was unknown to many of my classmates at colege .
It is doe by both oys ad girls .
restlig is oe during h nihttime whn the moon is out .
Wrestling is don by tw people wile othrs wait o her urn .
It starts wh drummg a siing by oung grl fm e community .
Tis is her all te beautiful girls ae shown to the youg mn of the communit .
It is another way of dmirin grls .
Wretling is oth an interesting and an entertaining spor .
raditionally , we poide a fir as a mans of light at night o t ort .
It take place in t middle of h village were there is enouh space for th spetator .
Before e conest tars .
Rfeee dvses players aot the rul of the gme .
As such , h referee explain h ules of the game hrough their captains , e.g. Halh n Safet .
T game starts ih dancing and singing .
Refreshens are on sale at a discound price for e visitng team .
This is a spor done by oung peple only .
The raional for the olleg is : to educate he tudet about our culture , rituals , vlues nd our ways of life in the vilage .
First of all , I livd in odon for three week in 2012 .
I am a tecer in a high schoo and the authorities in my contry let me sa here , improving my Englih .
I would like to s ha learnig any language is complicted fo anyone , whrever yo oe from , t , in my opinion , there are man mates to dicss .
A god illustration of is wuld be chldrn .
A child wse parents coe fm ifferent countries is able to learn two languages at te sa tme . This cil do n't ne to go abroad to larn a foreign language , ecause they re listening to their parents speaking Eglish , their natve languge , all e time and this let them lear withot an difficlty .
On he other hand , if you go abroad y wil be able to improe ou nglish in an angophone country . In ti cs , your knowledge will be reinorced by your stay there .
To sum up , if you nt to lern Englsh , you do n't ned to go aroad . Yu a improve yu glish by woring rd in your own country , for exampe , by ing exercises lke liening and writing , or yo c meet wi native peopl who speak Eglsh to practise wi them .
u if you have an opportunit to go aboa , it would be so od for o and your Englis .
ine gradution , I have ben employed by ACOM Asia Ltd Co. as a gradute engine sic Sptember 2013 .
I was assigned to work on a roject of CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd unde agremet of Tr Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assiste the prject eninee with Eniner Inspection for Maintenance .
Rglar maintenance is essential for all man - made slpes to aod deerioation .
We e working on thoe slops nar poer station or pylon .
The mantenanc resposibility of those slpes belongs to CLP Power Hong og t.
Before inspection , I ned to take the course which is conducted by LP for e acess prit .
The coue is minl on workplae safet ithi wer stations .
Dear Sr or Madam ,
My name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old d I liv in a city in orthern Italy calle ereno .
I am wrtin to aply f the ob of summer camp assistant whi I sw dvertsed in the " Daily mal " .
Apart from studyin at te high chol " Maie Cue " in Meda , I sng in a chir as a soprano and my irctor woul be plesd to speak for me if yu would ike to contact h to ge rther information .
I am keen on sports , epecally volleyball , ich I starte playing at an ear ae , nd I suppos I wol be able to tech them h to play it and to organse a tounament .
I ink I would be a suitable candidate f the o because I am ued to lokng after my neghbours ' children an I hav recently attnded a corse about rst aid so I would be rady to eat children if te get ijred .
In adition to my ntiv language , I can speak German as well as nglish . In fact , I am attending a first ertificate corse nw and lat year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My Germn teach wod be happ to reive yo call to tell ou moe about my lnguge xperence .
If it is necessar , I would be illin to cme fo an nterview at n time .
I hope y wi consider my applicatin .
Yours faithfully ,
Elonora Palera
thes re th references Mr Zandoela at 334 12345 and rs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@lero.it
They are mo han willing to reply to ur quesions .
In my pinon , the hoe of te ftur wo n't chang much .
It sill has to have the am elements , like oo , walls , floor , ceilig , bement , loft , or and window .
Contrucion wl be improved .
However the general appearanc wo n't be different .
However , I thik , hat al the sytem wich work in hom ( electricity , as , heating system , war , e . ) will be upgraded .
New tecnologis ae going to seize achitecture .
Though it will ffct the nvironmet in a good way .
I think tt the home of te future wl be ge , bu single - storey .
o on reao - convenienc .
Nobody lks stair and ifs .
Te xt tig is big windows .
It is h most important elemt in the ome of he future .
Huge , blletprof windows are my igget rea . I ould n't live ithout them .
Apart from tht , every om ll be fl of ineactive gadgets .
Owin to that , eope wo n't ned to et an talk .
Roger O'keefe , 83 yars ol , is bein referred to our cr f urther assistance .
He is now recoveig fro Malinant Meanoma on hi lft shoulder .
He a admited into u re on 16/03/07 and underwent surgey .
Since his discage from the hospital , we have been doing our daily home vit nd wound dressing and also assisting m with his showering .
Mr Keefe 's eeral condition a imroed .
His wound is helin well and is re rm complications .
Mr Keffe , who lies wt hi fe in a housing commssio ome , is an old - age pensioner wh no cildre .
On observation , they ar getting some ep from their eghbors . However , they r having probems keeping up ter houehold routine .
As pe the doctor 's order , we have organized aily ome visit until 4/7/08 fer which o nursing car il end .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you could rganze a home vii and provide frthe ssisance r hi family .
Should you ve ny quesins , please do ot hsitate to ntact me .
Your sincerely ,
Melod Vrel
Dear udents ,
Welcome in the city of Haselt .
I wish you a wonderful time in my hmetow .
Haselt ofer a wide range of interesting activities and as a lot of places of interest .
What you really can not mi is the bg shoppn street .
Haselt is famous or ts great shoppng facilities .
Yo will ind l differen tps of ops .
Hasset as it all , fom useums and shops ih the last fashion , to shops ih lal products , such as gingerbread a gn .
If you are geting tired from wdering though al h treet and alleys , ou can always go and hv a pleasant drnk in one of t any litt aés in he market suare .
In e evenng , when al the a tipers are gone , the ty wakes up again nd ll e ba re - open .
You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
Kind regards , Wour .
E MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND OF MY IF
I d always believed tht he bst meores of ife ere when you me new eope , new places , going ot with your friends , snbating on th beach , hins ie tat .
Tse are beatiul oments , bu o I rckn that there is n't anythng more nteresting than aing l your amiy together talking about whoe backgond .
Suprising stories that we will not eer imaine .
My faml is n't so close a is istriuted around may cities in my ountry . Aftr some incidnts in the past , many tings chaed and ac amiy folowd their own wa .
However , my sibling d I decided to set up a g surprie for my athe or h 50th birthday .
We rid to contact as ma family ebers as we could .
It a a perfect wekend because tere was a holiday on the nday .
We rented a wonerful place outsde or ct with a spectacular atmosphere .
It was t ms interetng d astonishng wekend th I have ee exprenced .
Firsly , to see fater 's fc when he s al the peopl .
o a log tm I had n't seen my fahe so ppy . Secondly , seeing ow big the family is nw , wt so many children .
Everything was amazing , a o of emores . We laughed a lot , we did man activities like b , tabe ames , tching movie , swimming , mong other .
Now I believe tat he best moments in if e hen o ve tim with your family . It is h bes way to recharge yu batery for everything .
Many time we pay ore attention to other thgs . It a do it in many opportunities .
Fail is one , and we do n't know when we could le them .
In my opion , travelng by ar is more convenient tn ravelling by pulc tansport because u can choose were yo wan to go ad he time you prefer to start your trip .
Travelling around he city by car is faster than on public transpot .
If I won he lotery , I would buy an elctrc car becas yu a you park in the center of te town .
A whn yu wan to mo arou your cit , if o go by r , ost of te time you ca n't ark your car because ter r very few car aks in citi .
Sometimes , public transport is useful ecaue y ca e it wen o want to go to a art an y will probably drink se wine , ee , et .
If yo would ike to go omewere fa , do n't e public tranort , because it is very low .
The problem with usig our cars nsead of blic transort is polution .
If everyone used ulic trnsport , climat change would no ncrese more .
Hi one ,
How a ou ?
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to y to say hat I do in my contr to help save te environmnt .
At my scool , I do n't do ta much because tere are just five of us tha are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us financially , but it was n't enough .
At home , I covincd my family to recycle and reuse h waer th we ca n't drik , to gie to our lant .
w , what do you do at yr schol and at yur om ?
ell me . I 'm curious .
See you
Francisco
Indrodction
The im of tis report is to outline wha are the best places f young eople to hve un in Valencia , what facilities exist for hm nd ho these col be md better .
Activities aroun e city
My city , Vlenci , is a touristi city ituate by e sa .
Young people c enoy going to the cnema in the city center afr avig som " tapa " n so drinks .
lso , it wou be a good idea to go to te each to spend h day ad play voleyball or sunbate , because this is always a gd plan .
Valencia , has iffrent aeas to go out in the evening , but me of thm require ID , so if ou are yonger than 18 , it wll be dfficult to get in .
Aso , ou an go to eat " Paella " and ide around te " Albufea " of Valencia in a sma boat .
owevr , the art ad science museum could be the ot enjoyabl plan .
Othe actiites in the surroundings .
In additon , I sugget going by bs aound the sroundings of e city , whee u ca do adventure port , like canoeing , clibng or js walking aroud the montais and enjoying the cunryside
ecommendtions
I reommen tha they shoul do bth activities , Valencia ity nd so t surroundings .
Mabe I could check if I an bring y ome free tickets r public transport .
It wold be great !
My family aad I ike to watch moes all t tme .
We are always oing to he ciea to wch a new on .
My favourie kind of movie ae comedy and comedy drama bcuse th have interesting plts a characters , soene an w wches comedy can laug l the time .
While someone is atchig ti nd of moi , he / s is just relxin and aving a gd tme .
Nw I ill further develp o last atement .
As Lloyd Che ( e Diecor of the Woldwide Market Analysis ) sid , playing the lotery is not economically irational and uninformed .
He pesents a theory in whic buying lotery tickes is ot a misguided input ino weal production as soe rtics believe , t a valuable nut into creaing a snse of possibility of escapn om one 's current life by acquring wealh .
It is cerainy ru ta people who ly ar almost crtain to lose money .
Chn 's knowledge is tat payig the ottry is not automatically irratoal .
Som eole like to caluate the gain or ls rm uying th lotry bt other people that can fford a dllr tiket n prefer to keep their reams .
People do n't invest the mone hy spend on lottery tickets .
They spend it and gt thoe dram in etrn .
Though this has een an amuig debate , we the affirmative sde , on h weih of our argment d proof , have concluded that the lotery should n't be anned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it give he , hpe n spprt to ulic enties and it mt be a rational investment .
Hel dear e ,
I reeive your letter yesterday .
Sorry r my lae anser .
I hop my suggestions will help yu .
O ciy has only ne airpt .
ist of l , ou sould id e enrane of he airport .
Then u shuld knw ht tere will be tw kinds of tasport .
Txi is the first possibility .
It 's e quickest way to come to my ome bu at the same tm it 's more exensive .
Al , you can u he us .
You shuld write me the exact tm of yu lane arival .
Then I 'll write bac the timetable of bus arrivals .
It mght be t more borig way to my hm but I like it f the pre .
When you ha h bus top Plosha rud , you should t ff he bus an I 'll meet ou at ta u stp .
In my opinion , he weather is better today tn yesterday .
B it s been raining for or days .
So it ould be vy gd if you brought a wam ct a an mbrella .
Hoping to see y sn ,
your frend , Seyon .
Reort :
Th swimmng pool in Brunete has customers fom all age groups , but it is espciall suiabe bot o oug peopl and elderly peple who want to imprve their moility .
h uiding hs tw chnging ros , r mn an women .
Several bathrooms are avilable with cld ad hot wtr in hem and a 25-mre - on heated ol .
As far as I am cncerned , there are some pros and cons abt te us of the swmming pool .
On the one and , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms an orridors . In addiio , if yu are a disabled pron , you wil no ave y trouble gettin in ter ecase there are om rams to help you go in .
On the ter hand , you will have to pay 45 uos a month to us the facilities , n besides , you wl n be ab to do exrcies becse thee is n y gym insde t building .
In my opinion , he swiming pl is conveient because you cn walk to swi if yo le in town , u it is very expnsiv , particularly f oung pople .
I suggest that prices should be lowe ha they currently are .
Famous peole have aways been surounded by a o of journalists and paparazzi who folw tem wherever hey go .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singes , football playes an so on , living in constnt stress because they an not have a " ormal " life , n , rom my pnt of vie , that 's oral ecase they lie or this , tey r public peopl and , cause of this , they have to keep alm and cary on wit it .
Thereore , mt of tese famus pele complain about this , u it is logical that al he eda , telvision , adio n ournaists e constantly devoting every minute of he day to tem , because pple ar interested in them , in knowing what hey r doing every second , in knowing wo they are wi , in owing wha thy li or do n't li , their hobbies , in shot , in knowing verything abu th .
In conclusion , bng famous is eall difficut and frustrating as wl , bu , in conras , hey er a l of ony and they are loved by so many popl , though they hve to accept some critic , because not everybody s to lo them .
I do agree with the statement that shopping is not alays ejyable .
Whe we nee to buy something , we mostly chose sopping centres .
A shopping centr has my disadvantages .
It 's a larg space wth a lot of shops , so we eed a ot of tim to visit all of the .
After a f ors , we are so tir , hat we do not have the stength to do nythng se .
Besides , in he shopping centres thre 's lou , eergetic music layed all the tm and a cod of pele , so we rrive ome with a hu headace .
ney is anther reaso why we do o alwys enjoy shopping .
We live in a time of acquisitivness and pole buy many things , even if ey ca n't ffrd them .
Of course , people usually do no ed l of those things .
Ti behaviour causes a mrl hangovr and a spra of redit .
Th tmes in hich we live ae conducive to addictions .
In h on run , people addicted to shoppig do not enjoy this ritual anymor - they do it just because they have to , altoug tey have no money and no space at hme for all thoe thins ty y .
I tin we hould learn to uy nly things we eall ned a we can afor .
Somtims , it 's better to visit som sall shops ta big cents .
his shud help us njy shoppng .
Public trnport is te futue .
ody in g ctes , publc rnsport is necessary for tourists , students , childen a wores ; but the situation is very difeent in small cities .
In aly there r few ites wih an uderground nd oftn in e smlle cities there re nly buses .
A od pubic trsport ystem is th sign of a civlized ty . In this way tere are eer ars , so less traffic .
Pulc transport also educe th cars ' pollution nd saves fuel .
I hope fo th next generations f a beter publ tranport servce and an inceas of it se .
haks to hs n life style , u cities will be more liveabe .
I g up at 6:15a .
I brush my tee a bush my curly hair .
At 6:20 I op my laptop , go to Youtube.com ad start to tud Frch with Mrs .
Alexa Gordano every mornn .
I rite dow ne Frch vocabular or grammar in my noteook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed . , I usually wea jeans nd T - shirts .
I pack my bckpack , ck up my garbage bg and ok around my rom fr one last ie to mak sr I have n't forgote anything . I go donstair ad u the garag ag nto te tras bin .
I go to the arae to get my motorbike .
It aes me about 30 miutes to drive to my company . It depeds if the traffic 's gd .
As uua , I buy a coffe and breakfast on t way . I c have bread or seet potat or my daily breakfast .
When I 'm at work , I check my mails and reply if it is urent d write down " to do lss " .
I have luch at 12 pm .
I he many choics f luc , but I prefer Hu eu or P .
I cme back to work at 1 pm a go hoe at 5 pm .
I go to my art class rom 6:20pm to 9 pm on uesday and Thrsay evenings .
The other evnins , I stay at home and ea books , or do oe Eglish exrcses to improve my Englih skil .
On the weeken , I wake up at 6:15am , bu I get up at 7 am . I still study French wt r Alexa as usual . aturda aftrnoon I hang out wth my bofriend . We go to h cnma or e cofe hop .
Sometie , we meet our mutual rends and have dinne with em .
I often tidy my oo nd do he washing on Sunday morng .
In the aftnoon , I do my a exercises or ed books .
I always go to sle at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sorry for my lae eply .
You should n't spend so much tie watching telvison ecase it is n't healthy .
ctualy , I do n't wah muh televisn , because I do n't have muh fee tme , but if I ha it , I think I wud wac ore .
w that I 'm on hoiays , I wah ore TV , especially some series ik riminl Investigaion or The Mntaist .
They ar really gd !
To relax , I sually ed , lien to music , go to the inema , hang o with friends , go shoping , ie a bike or sw .
Wat do y do to elx , besides watching TV ?
Hope to hea from o on ,
Inês .
Te reasons o reece 's erribe economic stuation are tht Greee a surrendeed its currecy soveeignty to th uropean Cenrl ank , so that Greece cul not apply monetary policy to spur is econmy , an the Grek govrnmnt is ry corrut , so at eeks culd esil odg tas .
In contrast , in Taian , we av our own curenc and the overnment is ffiient an el - orgaizd .
Claly , Tawa wl not be the ext Greece .
Moneary plic coud be a vy eful hort term financial tol for a governmet to stimulate t worning economy , and , from emirical xprience , any ounties have successfully applied such policy .
In 22 , the Japanes central ba unprecedentedly deprecited h Yuan , wch has obviously imroved t exports an recoved it econoy fo tagnation .
Obvioly , aiwa ha its o currency , t new Taiwa dollar , and if awan 's ecnmy as rsening someay , e Tiwaese governmnt could smpy mim at the Japanese government id in 2012 .
Not oly is Taiwan different from Greece in curenc sovereignty , it as wins in government efficiency .
Accoding to a gobl srvy , Taian s a reputaton r ffeciveness , in whch the Taan government has legislated severe law to prevent corruption .
Therere , e aiwnese have to pay taxes by regulation and do no re to evade taxes .
Wiout a dut , the effciency of he Taiwanese government is beneficial to eople 's welfar .
A in all , Taiwan has curency sovereignty and is wel - kown or its effectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan could n be sunk like Greece .
As a ounry , Tiwan has to sick to ts ordiay path to creae a lovely and hathy environment o i citiens .
One upn a time , thre was a mason called ick wh d a family of four , t sons and his wife , t they had conflicts abot thei childrn 's tudie , and bcaus the mne he earned was t enough to maintain the whole faily he led in povety .
i id dreamd of a big house tht ad a ol , a hrd floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful ew to h beah . They also wante to ha a o . If the had o , it would be called in .
They told evry dream to hir dad , and they knew he would enfoce it even thoh , uner te circumstances , it seemed to be impossible , he ould r .
ex week a cousin hat he d not know . He wa a ve rich n d hn he found t about tir problem , he decided to help , so he ge te an inntive .
He said hat if ik built a ouse with wo lors , he would y it and y f e cilren 's studies lifelng , which gv a reverse to h impossible .
Nick started making he plans fo h house . From that mont , he trened to get to is house and imediately dra the plan and contnue working . hen he finished the plans after months of workin on them , he stard to bring it to life . The house would be made of woo beaue he coud not ay for more .
fter nths of woring on e huse , he finished , n i cousin gav him a bous reard of one milion dollars to start wt , buying a big house wt everything ey wanted .
The is tated oing to a prvate scool .
Wn they reached eighteen , they cold get a good jb bease of thir od education .
hey coul give a gd life to their famlies and also have a g calle iny . Ad all hs tans to the ric man tht nobody knew .
he ie chart shows e principal causes whi eplan h agricultural lands becom les productie , heeas the tabe correlates these cuss with tre dffeent region of h world which had land degrded , nael Norh America , Europe n cenia , during the 1990s .
Overall , it is clear tt he main caus of nd degradation re deforetation and over - razing .
Tese cause lo ad a negative impact on t regions that wer anlysed , in Europe and Oania , nd , cnsequenty , hee areas had higher rates in terms of total lan degraed .
A closer ok at th pie chart reveal tht ove - razig wa the ot significant reason h land wa so dgaded , with the ghest percentage of 35% .
This wa foloed by deforestation , wih 30% , while oer - cutivation had 28% .
Finally , 7% could be exlaied by other resons .
It may be explained by the fact that hre as an excss of chemicas in te agricultural activity .
This also needs to be compred to the table .
Nt surprisngly , hese causes played an importan role when we talk about h perentag of lan whch was ffected by these causes , particularly in Eurpe and Oceania .
In e first case , Europe had he highest percentage of ln degraded by deforestation a over - cultiation , 9.8% ad 7.7% respectively .
This had a gret impact on total lan degraded as Euope was more affected , with a total of 23% .
On t othe and , Ocenia hd t highest land degrdd rate at 11.3% beuse of over - grazing , hich also contribed to hving 13% of ad draded .
By contrast , in generl , North Amerca d h lwst rates f deforestation d ver - grazing , with 0.2% nd 1.5% respectively .
For tis reason , hs egon pesented th owest percntage of land degrad , th only 5% .
There re many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of he is Cantn ower .
If you ravl to Guangzhou , you must n't ms this eris because it is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Canton Towe is lcted at the intersection of uangzhou ew cy Central Ax and e Pearl River .
It is the allest owe in China and the third talles toe in the wold .
The height of the towr is 0 metres , with 0 metres of main body and 10 metrs of antena .
e tower h a special name called ' lm wai ' because the sae of it is twisted .
We ca see a different view of t towr fr different anle .
This is not on a sightseing buildin , ut als has a lot of recreational facilities .
F xampe , he towe s a 4D cinema , t highest revolving restaurant , and so on .
Catonese peoe awas spn their holidays wi their cildre here .
Do yu want to go to hae a lok atr reading my itrodction ?
Trust me , ou il not rget it .
ARE OUR FAMILY MBERS YOUR EST FRIENDS ?
Firs , I must ay at I do n't cosidr that my family mebers are my best frend , t ony because ty have othe problems to cae about , b ao because I do n't know how to tell them my prbles .
However , we consider a friend a person yu can have fun with , laugh with an meet . I 'm used to doin th with my arents and my rothers , bu it 's not the am as when I meet my best friends .
Mreover , I ink tt I would n't ask the to have what we call a " theray moment " as I do with my best friends wh I 'm worried bout something or someone . In ac , I would n't kw h to start telin he aout tha .
Se teenagers hv t good fortune to be open - minded ad te know ho to speak with their prets nd it 's a good way to sole prbems .
I think ht I shol hav mor cfidence in my famiy nd emmber ht they wo n't leave me because of omethng I have done in te way my best friends could do .
In my twn , there is no future for public transport , beause e ie necessary to get to te ct centre is the ame walking or gong by bus .
Travellng by bus is eensive , bong and anoyin .
The route makes many ops in different plas , so the ay on the map is a mess .
It is ie hat on all days , except Sunday .
On Sunday , e bus des n't work til 3 p.m.
ro that time , thr is ony n ervice evey our , until 10 p.m. Ay oe of these 7 buses tes es than a hf ho to get to he city cntre , in spite of te fact that Sunday has no traffic jm .
Bss a sow d noisy , a when o can t off of them , o a tied nd angr , nd you ar probabl o on ie .
It is mch more cnveient if yo walk to t ci centre .
The ton is not a i city , so the air is n ve drty .
At the sme tm , ou ca et fit by walking approximatel 30 or 40 minutes , d you will no have a problem with parking your ar .
You wi spend he same time travelling by bus or walking , but the dfference is gettng agy or not .
Trasportatin is a means of moement from on eographical lction to nothr by y means of transport .
We have iferent mean of ranspor .
They e transor by an , by ir , by sea a by ran .
We know in the olden ys how our forefathers sufferd in hir moveen .
If a erson wanted to travel from Kano to Lagos he had no hoice bu to trek .
Therefore , it was not eas back he for abody to s oer means because thre were nne .
Now , there ar ay means of transportation .
echnology rougt about lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by ir usin ircrat ; aeroplane , heicpter etc .
Ulike bere , we have big ships to se on t ea .
The train is also a very eful means of transportation d very economical .
I believe ta technology has realy improve r means of our tranport .
So , whoever wnt to tr a journey has sveral choices of transport , either by e , by ar , by and or on foot .
I ust not forget to tlk about cars , lorrie a other ehicles .
Thy are very uefu ad speedy .
Thanks .
Js like a fi in h ater
Swming is my favourite sport in the word . I start it when I was ie years o . I rlly enjo it , I feel at he water is my place in t wod . I eel free .
Althoug I have taken part in mn competition , there was one which wa the mos enjoyable experience of my life .
I h to sim in the Parna rier wth all h swimmers an coachs .
Firt , when I was on t startin line , I fel I could not inish the competition . Then , we we ere in t water th coaces d not stop encouraging us so it as ea to sw to the finishng line . I w so excite to e our families waiin for us , clappin an shouting loudly ever tme oe of us arrid .
If you are interested in takng part in ths sport , I wod suggest buying ll e equipment u wil need : a comfortable simuit , goggles an a huge bag to kp them .
tatu : Populr
' Th omen of realisation hits u lk a to of bricks , leaving you with a life full of regret n guilt '
His wole life , he only wished for one thng , n tha ws to be ppuar .
er nam w ar .
Mchael had lays en her in the hlways , smiling and laughing .
Aywhere she wt , e as alwa surrounde by a handul of students .
Peoe were attrctd to her quite esily , and often , they would fi theslves adoring and admrig hr .
Alhough sh a n't pretty , sh ha an aur of imortnce .
Her presence was felt .
She was opular b ot prou , an th made r en mor likable by all .
l ut one - Michael .
heneer , he saw her , he fel pain .
e in of jealousy .
A re of hatred brnt his her whenver he heard e gleeful lauter .
All i li , he had oly wished to be popular but his rea of pouarity h been lon ago snatched by a girl .
Ta il , w had one bee i best fied .
ht grl who had left him in tim of need .
ht girl wo had done nothing b harm to im .
She wa Sara .
i ln ot best friend ra .
That night had chnged ther lives .
th of her lives .
In evr w , in ver fo .
An inocent de made by Sra , whc led Michael to al in te at of wrn .
A dae to prove .
Courage cn hange livs .
He was isolated .
Abandon by i rends .
Al wa a façade .
hy ha all worn masks .
Everyoe , een is own ra .
He had ee wrog .
A along he w ron .
Ty had n't isolated hm , he h .
Tey hd n't abandone i , neithe a the distanced themselves frm him .
He had distanced hself from the .
His Sara was thr , ll aong she was the for m .
In the frst place , sh nevr left him .
Sh a always anted to be wt him but he had closed e doo to r .
t , she waited , hoping he would reaise she old always be there for i .
Ters wer sraming dwn his face . Stinging his yes .
He desevd it .
ver bt of ain .
He hd bee blindd by rage .
All these yas .
s selfishness std in h way .
His delusions ha drifted him wa from e .
He had mde such a huge istae .
No ter or apoogies would make a less lprit .
No oe soud forgve im for wa he d .
No e .
Right no , he s te one thin he always wishd fr - poplaity , but only n does he ealise , tha it wa meaningless , pointless .
Mihael closed e dor ad knew at tha moment he had mde a mistake .
Each nd eve colour glows in te dar giving hoe in the arknss .
In ts eay , I am gog to discuss hther buildng a bypass around ou wn is beneficial to our comunit or ot .
One of t dvntages pointd ut by loc politicians in the eeting was that th bypass woud lower the at of air pollution arod twn , whi I trongly agre ih , beuse the extra trafic caused by th passing as add to th vehicles ue by t lcas cases massive smog in e atmosphere , not to ention bing terribly d for the health of th alking and cycling citizens , especially yug childre an bbes .
Anthr mportant poin is tt hs bypas oul improve the trafic in h town nter .
Mostly frm 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when popl go to and finish or . Ta is when we get e most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an ur to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly lng time , o to ention arents wh ve to take thr children to school , nursery d then t to or , too .
On te other hand , the bypass migt cue a rasic drp in touris in te town .
However , it is as true to ay tat ople who a ctually inteeste in historical sites would isit t wn nyway .
A in l , I would say the bypass would be me of a disadvantage than an avantage , because it wuld t us o from eope n the ton would receive less funding if it 's les portant .
Local poiicians should fou on ustanability , using vehicles wch do o harm the envirnmen .
On the 4th of prl I met a group called Eblem .
Because I i n't fid any ticket for te concet in London , I bought one f the concert in Birminham .
I ooked the ticet nearly a onth beore the event .
The day efore , I started to frea o thining that I was ing to et them .
As well as he tike for e concert , I bough a VP tikt as we , so I had to go to Birmingham befoe , becae t entry to the veue w at 17:00 n , as I live loe to Lnon , I had to lave at about 12:00 so I old n't ve to ush .
I got to Bimingha at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd never been to Birmingham , I had to look fo the 02 Academy , where the event was takig plce .
Whe I arrived there , I queued in t VIP que .
At 17:00 tey e us into he veu nd tey carried out l th checks .
After 30 iutes , the acousti perormnce started , whch laed or aout 15 nutes . Afterwards , we tk pictures .
When everybody had ken her photos , Emblem3 went backstage to get reay for h cocert a after n hour it staed .
I left the aena at midnight and I wt to an hotel at I ad already booked onlin .
On h dy afte , I wet back home .
It was the bt y of my ife .
Dear Sir or Mam ,
My name is Mai and I saw ou advertiemet and am interese in the job .
On the one hd , I am stuyin to be a PE teacher , so I know ow to organise ativities fo young eple , such as fhing or doing a port .
I'm god at enertaning . Wht is more , I reall enjoy working wi childe nce they ar vey acte ad wllin to do any id of activitis .
Yu lso mentioned hat I would nee to work in he kitchens .
I cn as add that I know hw to ook o ts of people .
For l the resos I meioned bfoe , I think I am the rih person r this job .
I lo forward to receiving your answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's true th commuti to wok is n't as convenient as gog to wr by car .
Tha 's the reason why mor people prefer to spend mr ie stuck in traff listening to sogs instead of waitng a og im to tak a bus which is usually cowded .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necesarily men that ou will save tme , because bt buses and car wo n't be ab to ve in the rush ou .
Besie , a car gies y more freedom n fexiblity to set your own schedule , while public tranport limit ou to a tmetabl tat does not alwys ee you needs .
After crs previled among the pubic , our governments he tried to pv rough roads , which encourages peope to s ar even more .
Noadays , it might be arue if the curent transportation system will work in h future le it does in te present , while there is a stl plenty of room for pbli transportation raining as a signiicat mhod .
This essy wl ofr a ople of points about hether publi transorttion wll still be with us or if it will isppear mpletely .
r a start , e conveniece for us for travelling aound wol probably be e of te main arguments .
In sme countries , the amount of tasportation such as tris is not sfficient , whh focs peol to use rivate cars .
However , it is also true that her a alys minors who ave no chie but to take public transport d also , or their parents , it is definitely more reliable .
Wa is ls important is the impact on the environment , whih is already cniderably damged by human technology .
If a c whc emits no serous global - warmin ase were developed , here would be no argument tat pope had better reduce hir use of ca . Yet , as on as we a manufacturing them , we an no find more co - friendly and efficient mde of transort than pulic transportation .
In conluion , it is my belief tha it is ot possible for pblic tasport to dsppear in te future , een though traelling by car is more onvenent ta travelling by just trains or bses .
But as wi car development , our governments migt have to make om progress on public traport to enourage itizes to be mre e - friedy .
All of the world is constantly hangin - we deelop new technologies , people ivet w things .
B y ?
To ake life easr . Popl always want to make tei lie btter .
Wy ot ?
I think that the me of the futue ill be differet an now , ut the mai function of the om wo n't chage , because fr aes ho hs ben a place whee people n el safe .
Everybody thnks that home is a refuge .
In my opion , homes in h fuure will be imilr to today 's houses .
The will always be a kitchen , because we ut eat , her will always be a bathroo - o know w .
And in he home there wll always be a oom to sleep and relax .
Homes in h future may be more modern d sfe .
Eerywhere , there il be cameras and motion enors .
Kitchens will be better equipped , ybe with sma applances , d people h ca n't co will prepare h meal by themselves .
Maybe in e future homs wl be slf - cleanin a we wo n't ned to clean up .
I think that the differences between homes ow and omes in the future will be small .
Personally , I think huses in he future will nt be cos , t ver sterile . I do not like ha .
Home should be associated with amiy , hapiess .
ot with ld n spacius rom .
I tik the ttement is somewhat true .
Travelng by cr is gting more cnveient .
Traffic accidents , he main problm of cr tael , wil be soed by self - driving technoogy .
Although diving by a is es afe than usig publc transport at prsent , drving will be safe .
However , there is lso a prolem .
Havi a car cos a t of mone .
Using public tranpot is heper tn hing a cr , especially living in uban areas .
Th sond problem may be sole by car - shaing .
If ne wants to go somewhere , on can u a shared car which is arkd in a designte ea .
By this method , people have to pay a small fee to use a car , not mu money ie hain a ar .
If car - sharing an self - driving tecnology e ixd , it il be mch mo convenin than both he conventional pulic transpo and ravellin by c .
People can go aywhere they ant to go fom anywhere .
People do n't have to o their ar , paying a lo of moe .
It il be a ew kind of public tasport .
All my fe I have pratice sports , u einitely , my favorite sport is squah .
I sared to play it hen I was ten years old .
I d never played a raquet spo before , so I a vr excited to t h small black al with my racket .
Three ties a week I plaed , then I we moe oen .
e irst year , I went to a tournament in Toreon ad I w irst lace . During the first 3 yes , I ankd in th irst 10 places in Mexico , t then I had to reuce my practices becae I hd a problem with my knees .
Payig squah is an awesome actiity and is esy to lean . I love tht this gme is vy fast and o do a lo of ercise .
T ad news is that in Mexio it is not very cmon , so it 's a lttle bit difficult to find a cour and it is expensive , e prce pr hour is $ 1 sos , moe or les .
For somene new to his sport , I woul recommeded beng paient an constant in training , beause pactice is what will make you bettr and help to improve you level . And , inally , always ejoy the game .
He d always bee free .
Never had any serous relationship .
T longe was at primay shoo . It lased 2 ays , bease h mthr ould cok h finest bisuis er tasted .
Now he wa 35 and he was still keeping on siling at th ws of his colleagues ' and friends ' arriages .
He s so cynica tat he turned ou to be very nasty and unpopua .
oe lasts wo and a half a years , he kep reminding himself .
Sooner or late , mrrid people will get divorcd .
Look at me , he ad , I 'm fre .
No one is hapier than me .
Ten , on day , he e a il on the train . She ws n't ht bautiul , ut s h , you kow , that smie , so peaceful , so haonious .
It was loe at first sght .
Thy tarte tlkin , omlaining about h train eng late , and fter two hours th wee still chatting .
They laughed so uch ta they bth frgot to e f at the right sop .
he poor pair ad goe o r an now th d to go back .
It ws n't a probl .
Th had a ot of fun .
Finally , he arrived .
He said hello to the gl , miling .
Mihael closed the door a knew at tt ment he ha made a istae .
Nowadas , everybody hs one or more cars . As a onseuence of that , some pople believe at public transport is ging to disappea .
There re several reass to beleve tha . Firstly , my people ae influenced by te advertiing , wih mixes hppiness wh riving cars and ake people thik that public transport is not as smart an ption as cars .
Secnly , it is not enjoyable to ait for te u or he underground .
On th other hand , there are a number of reasons gainst the end of public transport .
For exaple , o houd ke pbli transport instead of a a beause it produces less pollution .
In dditin , puic transport is chap because ying a car means pending a fortune nd in g citis wee people are concerned about the evironmen , such as Amsterdam or Tok , ter are any facilities ke mobl phoe ps or special offr .
To sum up , no one knows the uure . However , I believe that travelling on public trasport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is od to save money and to redce pllution .
" There is no utur fr pblc transport because travelling by ca is so much moe onvenien "
In my opinion , wer eope re travelling by pulic tansport d he started to buy heir ow cas , whih re more comforable to use whether ou a in a huy or not .
In the first place , o feel mr comortable in your wn car than on a bus , f example . Yo do n't need to be afri tt someon oud suddenly sel or rse d yo do n't hae to listen to oers whn yo travel in yr r .
Studies hav shown that your sel - estee n feelings of protection increase when yo are a r river .
You do n't ha to tlrate ben in a crowded pac wit eople yu do n't know .
Saving soe money and buin a car is e be thn you can do .
In the scond place , no l public transport is in th best shape .
Sm public vehles e diy and smell .
If yo hae your own cr , thes tngs do n't bother yo anmre becue you wash yor car anytie o want .
In conlusin , raelling by ar is fr btte than sing public transport .
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 UGUST , 2014
er Si ,
Through yor jo posting , I 'm nformed that yo ae loong fr a person to work in summe camps US .
I would like to inform you that I 'm interested in this job .
I le children . I have already worked with hem . It was a wonderful experene .
I 'm very hardworking n a fun peron .
My evl of Eglish is very ood . oday I 'm studyng d working hard to iprov .
I would like to work in this job cause I think that I could do it very well nd I could aus the chlren .
If you hire me , you wo n't rgrt it .
Yors faithfully ,
ANA EL EINO PALMIN .
Dear Pal !
Thanks for or e - mail d hotos !
hey e amazing !
I 'm ey gad you enjoyed your holidays .
Span must be really incredible !
I 'm writing to you to tell y abut e U2 concet , which tok place in " Spodek " arena in Ktowie last month .
I must admit ta this is my favurite an .
I 've alwys waned to se he lv d finally my rams came te .
The best of it w that I a tm ally lose , cause of my a 's ok .
As o kno , he works f a security compny caled Soli Saty and he was apponed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
Can you imagn my reatin he he tol me about it ?
Of corse , hen he handed two " Staff " tickets to me .
These tickets allow yo to t into the V one .
I vited my clasmae Sally d we went to the concert togethe .
We er so excited when we went in .
eore the sho we wee helpin wit instlling he sud equipment .
Dring the concert , we were standing in t backstage area .
Where coud be better ? !
After the lat song , my dad took us to Bono 's ro .
He ws signing autogrphs and chatting wih fans .
I ll never forget it .
My d even took a photo of us with i .
I must s , he is much mre handsome live than on the TV .
ha 's all for ow , t I wl rite more when I find my feet ! I wil appreciate my dad 's ork frever .
Give my regard to yu parents !
Love , Lisa
Hll ,
I 'm sending is emai to ge some inormaton because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
I'm Yousef Naer Bihar . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 yars od .
I've een in the United Stats o tw years .
I'm suporte by th government of Saudi Arabia and the scholaship will cover th tuition a everythig relate to my studies .
I graduated in 2010 , maorin in accounting , with a degree ving an accumulae GA of 2.49 ot of 5 . Since I cae ere , I av been so ambitious at I wl be gettig my high studies as son as I finish studying English . It turned o that I have to jup throgh a lot of ops in rder to overcome thes obacles which I believe are an ordinar requirement or getin a master 's gree for foreign sudens .
In addition , there are recent statistics ta hw that a ery high percenage of Saui Aaban studets who me to merica to do their master 's deree old n't e into uniersit due to some requiremets , o instance , RE , G T , or even becaus ther GPA did n't eet the universit conditions .
In fact , I do n't at to be one of hos studet o ca n't acomlish thr drm and ha to go back to their home . I 'm wling to do whtever it takes to get into yor univrsity .
I would like to hae e orentation mtrial to incease my haces of gettn into university and I will do my bet to get very high grades in order to increase my GP when it 's addd to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to te a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated A .
inaly , I believe that it it a grat opporunit to study in the United States nd to mprove my edution and my lifetyl .
Bsies , I 'm an eager , mature studet , wantng to study a for master 's degree at your unersity an I 'm lokin forward to getting a response d or recomendatins .
Yurs sincerely ,
I am forty - nine year old and I am quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
In this essay I will comment on on of he last misakes that I md nd its consequences .
First , I nt to focus your attention on t fct ha , nrmlly , istakes have no importance , because l thins have fix and , if thy have not fix w do you wrry ?
On the last trip , I pard my car in the arport ca ark , it has many stores wit different signs .
vey storey h a colred in ; ed , orange , green , blue n an intermediate coor btwee red and orae an tt ws my confusin .
I ef my cr on te storey with the orange color , bu when , some days later , I looked fo my r I did it on the torey wit the intermediate color .
I knew that my car was on site number ne hudrd and thirty five , bt the car w not thr .
I pet quite a lo of time thinkin a when I hd deided go to the polic , I pssed in front of th oang sg and finlly I fod my car .
Dear Thomas
H are yo ?
I 'm ecited bot eein you .
he weather here is sunn so I ecommen you to bng summer clhes . It is d that you are on coming for n ek , but we will enjoy ourselves a lot .
It is ut 5 inutes from t airport to my house .
We y come ou ont e road you ed to go straight uti ou rah a restaurant . hn yu must go to the et where o will find a i square with swing and lide .
Finally , you will see a bi red houe wit os of widws .
ou wl no regret coming to Spain .
ee you oo .
Recently , studying online hs become a ery popular alternative a to study .
Althoh it provides sudnts ih lts of advantage , t eerything is as gd as it sounds .
rst of all , stuyng onne does not llow students to ask teachers questions .
How an they sle thei roblems if there is a ak of tudent - teahe interaction ?
What is mr , the kinds of students r eween eighteen an twenty - two , when he nd to socialise n neract with her tudens to enjoy heir free tm .
This is impossible if tey stdy nine , whih mas that ther only classmate is the oputer or t laptop thy se .
owever , this meth of stdying is cheaper than h ual y , and it also can be completely free , which is a big advatage .
Mreoer , it allows yu to study at your own rhyhm wthut thinking aou the rest .
o tse reasons , I refer h uual wa to studying online .
Nevertheess , I can understand peole wo choo the second ptio .
It is up to you !
No Fuure f publi transport :
Nowadays , people want to trave at their wn conveyance sing their ow car , bie , scooter or sometin like tht .
Everyoe wants to ae a stessess / happy journey , whether it is for a long journy or ot .
It is raly ealistic o , because we l want to ave time and ish for a happy journey .
Now , let me tel you the scenario of public transport .
Firs of all , we always need to wait for it n it rus according to he cheduled tietable ol .
In iter , it is fin . We c adjust to the owd , bt if we talk abt the smmr seso , we can t ajut wn we are travelling in a suffocating environment .
We need to boo tiets in advace if we are plannin to go i pubc transport , bcase agai , there is t isse of availability of seats .
I lv in Tieste , a er beatifl ciy , ut ths city hs a bg problem : it h a t of cars , me car thn inabitant .
Of course , it 's an exaggerato , but I say this to affirm that in ths city the mber of th cars is very high .
By the ay , te public transport is not so convenin , because at certain hur o cn n find a s .
In our city , the buses to at midnight .
lso , he tcket prce is n cheap .
Anothe problem wth the buses is tt if you take one during certain ime , it 's impossible to find a place free to st down .
So travelling by b is not convenien , ot only in tms of time , but als because of the problem tt yu an ave .
Te ter issue is ht Trieste is situated near Slovenia , her e pric of etrol is cheaper ha in Italy , so a great nube of inhabiant of ou city prfer to fil up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive rics .
My fater lies in Pordenone ad he sels cas .
He wnt to convinc me to use alternative mas of transpot , b having se t price of this ecological ehice , I think tht I 'll buy o of them only if e pric becomes
lower .
Currently , people a thinking aot whether they c learn go English in my country or wethe they have to move to an Englis - speaking country .
And after that , it deend on te peonality , status ( singl , ngaged or marrie ) , and even he aes of popl , whether the wi dcide to tudy in heir own cuntry or go brad to ern English .
On the n hand , sudyin abroad is a great opportunity , especialy o yung people .
They usuall go aboad ecaus th do n't have so may responsibilities . It just prepares he for their professinal future .
But they cn only afford it by working as an au pr , ater , kichen porter or oter , becaue tee jbs include acommodation , noma wges and y do n't ned a ih level of English .
On the other ad , ou might find yoursef getng homesick .
Of course , u leae a ot of thins , such as your family , fiens , foods , laces , wn tings , ec . , ad nobody can put up ih eng very a ay from all these hngs .
Moreover , people in her mid-30s do nt uualy leave thei country and try to learn a new langage fro a ivin .
Ti way is cheap as wl nd ey do n't have to chnge everything in the life to achieve ths aim .
In additon , at this age , popl normally av oe responsibilities , maybe hildren , mortgage , partner , etc .
In my opinion , the est way to learn a language really wl is living in t same country whr people speak it .
So , do n't heitat n mov to a w cuntr , in which yu do not nly learn languag , u a different cuture an lifestyle to .
Trapgara , environmentally friendly
The purpose of hs eort is to explain that my own a become more wae of te ee to tae care of h coutrysde .
ince 2010 , my town has red to include sme changes to oost the town .
Reccling is the solution
In h ast five years , my w bis have been installed ear all neighbourhoods .
There a four ypes of rubsh ski .
One of hese bins is destined for plastics , nother n is or wood ad paper , the third oe is a bottle nk an the lat o is for battries .
Tis one is ry impotant because it cotaminaes so much .
Apart from that , the are other containers focused on eery type of oject .
For itance , clthes , shes , ys , electronic devices , etc .
More ree areas
his on ha not only focused on recycling , it has also proted green ars .
Because of ha , 5 ew parks has een ceted ecentl .
Tese are a gret pace her families have a god time while he enjoy he countryside .
Moreover , residents he become more coscius after they have read the leaflets which explain the iprtance of respectig h nvronment .
Cncluion
I really think at it is necssary to mke pople conscious of h importnce of saving the planet .
In addition , mo pope would hep if tey oud recycle esily .
Dear M sby ,
I am wriing to o abot te job ofr for work in Green Pper Cafe .
I would like to appy fo this vacancy because I think I hae most of he requirements ht you ae asking r .
First of a , cokng hs been my passion fr ages .
I enjoy larning new reies and I ty to in different flvours and sensatons whn ooing .
Tt is hy I am looking for a job ere I could ve the chace to combine my lve of coking with my job .
I worked for ore than six years in a supermarket as wl , so ha is wh I am accstomed to dealin ih ustomers n coping wi diffclt people in a bs evironment .
It is n necessary to say I am al to work to a cafe schedule . I have xperience wrking shift days and weekends .
I would be glad if I ould have an ntrview to give ou more etails bou my wk experince , my skills or whatevr you ed to s me .
Yous sinceel
If you r looking for an enjoyable shopping day , Madrd is the bs choice .
Madrid is on of he most famous shopping cities in the orl !
In Madrid , y ca find clothes by e bs designers , such as Carlina Herra , Dor an so on ...
But do n't be afraid if our budget is quite imite , because we have me plas where you a in reat colections at 50% f .
So , if you prfer savin money and looking fine , you have to vit r oule , where you a find all that y ar looking for .
The bet of al is at you wo n't have to go far bcaue you can nd all these shops in the enter of Maid .
If you at more inrmation , just contact us .
Nowadays , eople 's lives re undergon an unexpcted change all beause of glbaization .
In he ps , people h to mage their time so they ould go to work , ak care of teir cildren and maybe so sty .
Globalization stard in th 20 's , so a hue proportion of the population a experienced this change . In my oinion , it is kind of good .
Now , people can inteact with other peple rom other ountres by textig , Fcebook or Whatsapp .
The need fo exporti and importing items has icreased in the last 10 years . Consuently , he ife of te peple has been raised in rapid resonse .
Everyone neds an instant anwr to wha they re asking . If they sed an mail , u must reply to it in ls than 1 mine .
Personal cntact shows a decrease in thi te , because peoe do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they c see all the problems hppenin in the wrld on their smartphones .
In te ture , people wil communicate v their cmpters , cellphones , n tablets , and tis ki of echnoloy will ead us to a loey life .
Nowady , we lready ve thing like sma phones , wich n do nerly everything we want to .
And we hve some other media gdgets .
But wl people 's lis really chae so amatically in the ne 50 year ?
In my opinion they wo n't .
I 'm of th opinion tt people 's lie wo n't change ramatically in h next 50 yars .
Of coure , tee will be ome oe elecronic things like some ne obil phnes th fuctios we ould not expect rght now , nd tre will be so other gadgets .
t if we seak of t change of peop 's lives , there ave to be ome mor dramtc things .
A pit would be , tat nomal peple r abl to l to he oo or somethig , or if there wold be peol ivig on Mars .
B I tink ta this is something we wo n't be able to do .
Nt even in 50 years .
To put it in a nuhell , we coud say ha r glbl orld will be more elecrnic , an thre will be more adets , but tt wo n't change our live dramatically .
Hi Brother ,
I 've been tinkig about what yu said to me last wee .
It 's re tht we do n't py attention to ur randa .
e oves us and s awys looks after us whn Mum an Dad ca n't do it .
I believe hat we haven't ever thank her f wha she d and doe for us .
Because of that , I 've ad h dea of givig r a reset .
You age wit me , do n't y ?
Yesteday , I sw a nice prsen f h in e new mll in eez , called AreaSur .
It s an amazin gold watch .
It eemed ot to be ve expensive and was luxury and lovly .
I ink that a loc would be useful as well as necessary or her .
hat do y thik about buying it o her ?
If yu do n't tik he se as me , you ca choose another present , I wo n't have any poblm it that .
Ayay , we should go to h ll togehe and the we il ake the final decision .
We can go by bus .
Yo ol have to ak alon the road opposite our ouse n you will arie at the bus stati .
Then ke the third le and two tps later yo wll arrive at the mall .
I wil see you there and I 'll gui you in the mall .
I hpe to see you soo , rothr .
end me an eail when you 're able to go hoping .
Quique
Wt 's the sfest transpr in e word ?
And he mt comfortable ?
In my opinion , an tasport is comletely safe . oweve , people y the pne is te safest mode of transport .
And maybe he cr is the most comfortable .
It is tru hat bth hv advantages d disadvantages .
Travelling by c n be enoyble , dagerous and relaxing . I kno this is a contradctin , b I can xpain it .
Rlaxig becas o can travel by yourslf , it friends a with or family .
We you mk a lng trp , u can travel ihout pessur .
If yu are tired , you ca stop at a petrl station or at a restaurant to relax , an if tere r mo passengers in the cr , y an ap with them , so you will feel less tire .
Een travelling by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
Some isadvantages coul be :
- Gasoline is too expensive
- There e n't enough parkig spce and thy are ery expensive . For example , when you travel to Mdrd , it is impossible to find a ree prkng pace .
- fen ou can be invlved in city rffic ams , epecialy in t rush our .
Tis situatio is ny present in Caers wen it is a rainy ay , b in other cities , like Madrid n Barcelona , it is a dily situation .
I tik dving cn be dangerous because peole mt respect speed limits , an nt eery time that it is .
Peple do n't ar their satbelts , u phone , and there are even people who drink when hey are going to drive .
Al these bad practices can make thm have an accident d ter innocent people e in dnger .
Eve oliday , the DGT in Spain lauch an awaeness campaign to remind us about oo mannr he we ar drving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , eple s , is safer thn trvellig on ohr mods of trnport .
I do n't make ure this affiraton .
I 'm fraid to travel by ple .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and wn it is toucing don .
I 'm afraid and th starte when I wa travellng to Meico on my honeymoon .
At at time , there was a trpcal tor , nd te trbulenc s horribl ; bt a n te I have stoed traveling by lane .
I know it is t bet option when u want to travel aroa .
It is ru , hat planes are very expensiv , but at lat I have ever been unable to book a cea ticket .
I look or h pfect ofer , bt in summr it is imposible to find it .
To sm up , all knds of transport ha postive and negative aspects , ut depending on u needs , we u one or aoter .
Fr exampl , there e a lot of countries hee h ie is the mn mode of trnsort , ke in Belgium .
I eember there wre kilotres nd kiloetres of cyl lane . In contrast to re in Spain , where ew citis , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their ue .
I do o agree with te stateent .
is is sile , because n everyone has a private vehicle .
Also , becaus of he gap between ppe lass and lower class people .
Public transport is one part of social development .
It wi ma people feel cmfortabl .
e br chart shows he pojeced sales of jeans of Mngo Co. ad Jack&Jons Co.
Next year in Tuey
we ca see the number of projeted sae of jeans of Jck&ones Co. will be at 5 thousa pais nex a , it wll be hgher tn the numbr of the projected sas of eas of ngo Co. ; abu 300 husand pirs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will do to 250 thosan pairs in F next year .
After this fall , the mber of Jack&Jones Co. il ri graually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dc.
Te projected sale of khan 's of ago Co. next year will begi at 150 ousand o pairs then it will go down a litte bit in Feb .
T number of Mngo Co. wil grow steadily from May to July nt ear . It wil rmain at 500 thoand par o fo months thn chiee th highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this peiod .
h e chart illustrates the projected mart share of Mango Co. , ack&Jone Co. and other comanes for jes at the end of next yea . Jc&Jones Co. wi e 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
However , othrs comanis il dminat al of he projctd mrke share in jeans next yar .
A very different morning
Te dorbell rang .
Whe I opened the oo , imagine my srprise . her was a sma pesent left on the ground .
I ooed around but no ne was hee . "
Hm ...
Is tht present r me ?
" I sked myself quietly .
Bside , I was not sure wheth I should ik it up .
I looked arun ne more time t still I d n't ee anyone .
As it was qite aly in th morning , tre was jut silence everywhere .
I sat down in my kichen and u the peent on the table .
But before pning it I deded to make a cup of gren t to cam don a it as I felt quite nervous .
While e water a boiling , a lot of diffeent touhts came in my head : " I do n't have a birthd today an hre are a f more month til Christmas ... What cold be the rasn or sc a nice prent wapped in pink paper ?
Mbe someone wishes to make some itte surprise o me , dos n't he ? " " OK , l 's open it !
" I encourage myself .
Oh , if y only kn - ta presnt made my day !
When I opened it I foud thre my favourite choolae with a ver ute ' Thnk you ' letter .
I got it fr my neighbour an he s just so thankful f my help tidying up his gard the week before .
Actual I love receiving presents .
Thy colour t word , hy lit you up !
And there is a trh : t me you give , he more yo gt back !
Although many pele believ that our live re getting better than they were 20 years ag , scientist ave proved that , if we carr on wih our ay of living , usn , fr istance , modern technolog , we will los contro of our ives .
Techology has eaced a pit whe we need to do anting in order to achieve something .
To supor this idea , a stuy wa conducte 6 months ago .
The study trie to explan people 's reaction to different resourcs .
People er given t task of writin a pece of writing of their chic using resources already provided by t institution in char .
Frsty , they ere given 5 boks abut ifferen subjects .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 maaged to wie their ompoition ithin an hour .
Secondly , keeping he ain tk , thy wre given a tablet it wireless connection to use instead of boo .
Th time the stuy showed that all of t participants managed to rie their essays in ls than 30 minutes .
e objective of this study was to see w people adatd to new tecnoloies n w ur cultural rots are bing forgotten .
Thus , this study conlude at in around 50 ars rom w , pole il rk , a , shower and even lie without leaving their hoes .
If technoogy is leading to thos kinds of consequences , we should sart to understan o to use technology properly without neing to eliminate it .
ea Sir ,
My nae is Montserrat Márquz , I am 23 years old ad I am realy interested in the advertisement I saw the her day about working on summer camps in e USA . I ave worked before but in my home tw , Mexico ity , d I thi I would be a perfect canddae for this o .
As a tter of fat , I have been camping since I was 6 years ld , and r this reon , I started working on ummer camps whn I was 18 years o .
I am a suitable person for th job bcaue I am used to wrkng ih children of l gs , bu I prefer to pa with kids beten 8 and 12 ears ld . As , I am away tring to improve different acivities to avoid getting brd , n I do no mind orking in oter areas of the camp .
To sum up , I wld like to work wih o , a I c promise yu will no regret it . I hope to ear rm u son .
Yours faithfully ,
Montserrat Márquez
It 's nice that u fnaly decided to come to visit me .
I promise u will no rret coming , everythin here is wonderful nd there are any places we can go to visit .
It 's esy to gt to my partment fo he airport . Yu an ak a taxi and tell e driver to ae yu to Powder Stre , ad he you g there , just cal me an I will come there . My apartment is not far rm ha street .
It 's ceaper to travl by bs , but it is not ry safe , so yu ned to take a tai . It is a bt mo expensive , ut is muc sfer .
Te weather is canging . In the morning thr re hih winds , in e afternoon it is sunn , nd in he night it is very ld .
You should bring nic bt drable clothes .
I 'll at he , and I really wat to see yo .
Have a good tip .
ee you soon .
If ou ant to bcme an artit or politicin , you must be ready o journaliss following you all the me .
I suppose that smeimes celebrities enjoys peoe gssipping bout them .
And of course , unknown aors call for oe attention .
In my oiion they re so eope lik we are . Ty have their own lie ,
a ht is why I do n't uderstan why is it so imprant for people to nw what hppens to a celebrity ?
I tink it is o so joyull , hen you ak up nd see a camera 's flash !
Also , when you spend ti wih yr bofried or gilfriend , o know that omeone is takin a oto of u .
In my opinion , each persn , whether lebrity or ot , deserve his w private fe .
Am I right ?
WAS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
e aim of this repot is to norm you bot the ways in wic my village carries out measures to ok after the enronment .
Fr this , we il analyse sevra apects , uch as ha loca residents do ith rubbih nd how Lajrón tries to keep the area clea ad makes it attractive to people .
ecycling : T bes wa to dl with t rubih
Nwadas , there is moe an more rubbish beause of the ue amount of packaging used to wrap producs and the icease in consumption .
In Lajarón , as in t rest of the villaes and towns , pople are gettin usd to buying nd conumin ch more than tey us to do in the past .
However , in rent years my village h be promoting ays o eple to e rid of rubbish in an environmentally - frendy way .
A numb of recycling bins have en place around the vllae n citizens are being encouraged to tend severa ngoing course to raie their awrenes of the importance of ecycling .
Fo these reasons , wh people sually do wth thir rubbish in their ail routine is to sort it and pt it in he coret bin .
Keping te village cean and attractie
Lnjaón is one of the ms touristy villages in the region of La lpjarra ; herfore , it is very important for both the uncil n the cal residents to kp th village clean .
To achieve this , the conil organises different environmental actvties o he citizens to ak par in .
For insace , every month her is a ompetition wher parcipants have to clan n pick rubbish up fm different areas of h village .
At h en of the competition , tose whose re is cleaest and mos attactive recei an awar .
Conclusion
We hav to ba in mn ho imortant the environment is to us .
If we were all awre of ts d d something to help it in our ail routines , h plaet wul thnk us f this .
hee ae two opposing opnion abou ilitar service .
On oe hand , some people thnk mility seice hould be manator .
Othr onider tt mitary service is unnecessary and hold be voluntary .
First of all , thre is absolutely no safety in the odern ord .
There are different dange of a military naue , such as terrorist attacks , was n oth armed conflict .
Therefre , comulsoy service in h army gives special mlitary knowledge , which helps te population to protect eir country duri a militar conflict .
As a result , her r more chces to ovrcome te cnflict wit minimum human losses .
Secondly , mandatory mlitary srvce can develop te character of a persn , mkng it srongr .
More specifically , it allows r understanding of teamwor , develops organizational skil and practises discipline .
Moreover , it n eucte young peple to be more self - rlint , because the majority of tenagers at te ag of 18 do not know w to be inependent from their parents .
Hwever , h critics caim tha obligator military service is a ate of ime an s a negative mpact .
r examle , it is dificul to find a goo job or go to university after military ervce , becaue durin te one or two years of service , soders do not evelop ny knowledge excpt miltary knowledge .
Also , the time spent seving in th army ca uproot or separate families or frien .
Another b problem is tt military srvice is dangerous an a a rs .
There are differet physial xercies ht a be harmful to health .
Besides , thee are accidents , which can happen with guns or weapons , suh as explosions and accidets .
Furermore , tere are hzing acts in he army .
It means ta sodiers w hve already served soe tm , bly nd bea up new recrits for fun .
Tee acts often turn u to be ragic , having a ng po - tramaic effect on te youn person or even loss of life .
Army years fte have an impact on the whole fmiy , especially in t ca of ullyig or the possibily of ein set to a warzone .
Fally , this is a ver cplex top d both opinions hav advantages and disavantages , bu it a be ee at e military situation is unstable in the wor .
Ts means that peple need to kow how to rotect themselves an miliary services is a good ay fo them to larn .
I preer to t at home
Fstly , e food I make r myself is more eliable than the fd that is made in rstaurant .
Bease I do n't now what kids of ingredients t restaurant used .
Als , the ood I mae f ysel is uc healthie .
Because l of the restaurants want to arn oney , so they will us e heap and unhelty ingredients to cook the fd .
But if I mke my own od , of oure , I wo n't use a kind of unhealhy ingredients .
So h food I mae th my o hands is safer th an thr food ta is mde in restaurants .
And also , homemade food as a beter quality than low - price restaurants .
Seonly , it 's mc cheaper to e at hoe , because restaurants want to rn mney .
So u can save lots of mney if you cook at home .
Some eole thi cooking for themselves is oo annoyin or tiring , so hey go out to eat .
But actualy , if you cook a lot , ou can ue your nrgy , so you can reduc yur wight .
Als , if yo co three times a dy , yor cooking ability wi increase .
Thirdly , eating at ome is moe comfortable .
en pople re surrounded by srangrs , people all think they are watching them so they ca n't do this or that .
But if you t at home , o do n't ed to be oncerned tat somebody wl look at you opening yo out too wide or talking o loud .
lso , a estaurant does n't know ho uch ou can t , so somtime , they give u so little oo ou do n't et full .
Or someimes they give ou too much fod so you have to how it awy .
Ad as you knw , throwing fod aay is a bad abit which makes our planet , Earth , polluted .
Fourhly , o wo n't have to wst yor time gin ou to find a restaurant and coming bck home .
n sometimes , if there e a lot of customers , yo have to ait o h chf to cook othes ' food first . You an ave time if you ea at home .
Ffthy , we ca have a family time while eati .
Of course , it does n't mean th you ca n't talk with fmil members whn yo e t .
But if yo et at home wih your faly , y an ave a joke hile preparing dishes or talk bou your on private tins .
Becase you do not el fe to talk abt anthing outside , becuse te pople at t next table might her what you are talking abo .
So , by havng a family time while eating at ome , you ca have a al and be a mch close aily .
Because of tee kinds of dvantage and reasons , I prefr to et at hom .
To um up , the funamental characteristic of socal mdia is the design of a " Virtual rofie " . It ake tie to aintin connections between ink and riends and be pat of groups . hes connecions wll have neativ effects , especially on psycoogical well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies , suggests reasonable use of networking media .
Hweve , it is also likel at people 's lives , such as loneliness and depression , mgh elain the effects tht socia meda can have .
Furthemore , it is aso possible ha , in e futue , peope ill be a subject responss , posts and chat rooms , in which here is awrenes of wong vocabuary , or outins nd copulsive u .
In contrast , oe positie aspect of scil edia relates to the education area , in which knowledge , h expansion of ies , and the discover of different wy of larning will contribute to e comunity .
Some eope claim that life will chne a lot in t nex fi deades , t , ow will it chane ?
On th ne and , we he technogy .
Technology s developed really at in h ls tweny years , so it 's expected to deveop he me y in te next fifty ears .
Cell phon are a great example of this evolution .
Fieen years go , cell phons did n't ha music or a camera , wile noaday they have camera ith ig definition and you can download a lo of music .
On h otr hand , we have transport .
Rigt now , people ae starting to by hydraulic ar hich are more ec - fredly n cheaper because you do n't need to sen mney on as .
Based on this , we a asume that his knd of car wll be the only o on the srees fifty years from now .
Scienc wll also chang .
Every asect of science will evolve . For example , new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemitry ay ave the chance in t nx ffty years to confirm their theories about h existen of atm .
To sum up , I beliee that pele 's ivs will hange a lo because verythng wl evolve .
I 'm a tenage and I ke to ath moies , lik oher teenagers .
My favorite kinds a comedies , detective sries d lve stoes .
I mosl like comedies because he creae my mood and put me in high srits .
he hl me to develop ad to see the old from a different perspective .
Peole like to wat moves , becase it 's a fu pastime d it elaces books f lazy people .
any eole thnk liig in the countryside provids a better wa of life .
Most of us think it 's a great ida , but is it beter than or comfortble life in the cit ?
Woul we lie better without technology ?
As we knw , the countryside h no pollutn compare to i towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , mopds or any other otr eicles .
If we lived hee , we wou ea healier food ith no chemicals , hih is good .
On the other hand , technology makes o life easr .
We c g inforation , chat with friends or eve rder ood instntly ove th Internet . However , unfotnately , we do n't ave it in the countride .
I gree ih eple w ink hy wud have no problem laving ter ies ad starting a new job on a arm jut to be in toch ith naue .
Hoever , I think umans ha evolve an we are very hapy it technlgy and th Internet .
Thre is no dut that using yo prvte r is much me comfortable & convenit f an prson .
Yr ar epresents a kin of luxury & comfort , whch is clear ilustratd drig driving or travelling ln distances , as og as you have a comorable et with a certan persal space .
Moreover , o can cntol your driving spe as fa or slow according to or moo , ad so , you own your time .
In additio to ht , y a have a rst during the journey .
Even after yor arval , you will av yr own car to go re & here quicly & freely whenver you like , so o have a flexible chedule .
Furtherore , you e n accmpaned by me siy passengers or difiult people during yor tip as you il relish your trip wt some adorable riends , nice amly members or close colleagues ht yo have chosen .
Bsies , he pesenc of a car durg a trip is vry important f coping wi te diffeen conditons d environmens you fa durin the journey .
On the ther and , public transport s no bcoe unhygienc , as ots of people ae crowded into a mll d enclosed area , and so , a lot of breth & air drplets are eaily propagated in this enclosed spce , and consequently , you e mor susceptible to te various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season whn repiratory tract nfectios flourish , e.g. ols & flu .
Furthermore , your actins nd movements ar limited by h scedule and he route of the mode of transport ou are tkin .
An so ou do n't o your time to do what you want whenver yo like , although his is your eisure , our ree time , which eans a time of relaation & meitatio .
No more alarms or nis alerts re required during his impotant and pleasant period of im .
My town is ne of the cleanest tons in my counry . The athorties have arrged many procedurs to ensure that the town stys clan at te same tme as bein environmentally friendly .
As a ist step to ep the vironment cean d healthy , the garbae need to be separated nto 3 categories . That is y the envronent dertment dcidd to gve each house tre recycig bins ; one fo od a green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last f th rt .
Another ady rule hs bn introduced , which is tat plasti n glass need to be thrown in dfferet ins that are available fr ublc usage in ech supermret centr . In these , eople can fnd tes bins at asy lcatons aailable everywhere .
All the previous eps and ore e eig aplied by my ow 's itzens in order to improve the environment and go together with ll th procedures that hep them iv a hppy , helth life .
There should be a future fo pubc transport .
It is mo important than ever for everyone to thnk bfre usn eir n c .
Firstly , we have a i sse in gobl warming . We can n deny tt we hv mr nd me extreme weather around e globe ue to greenhouse gses .
We re daaging our plaet .
Secondly , we al know e fossil fus we ainl run our vehicles on will not last frevr .
We ar using up our vita resources at a fast ce .
We e use to just turning the ligs or air - conditioning on wen we do n't relly ned them .
It is eactl h am fo driving cs .
A l of us us turn on h enge of o car without cnsiderin walking up to the bus top .
h public transport sstem in te UK a so many problems to ove .
The fares are gh copared to other European coutries n th fare system is omlicated .
The punctuality of trains needs to be gatly improved , too .
In my opinion , we need to sae a future for pbli ransport r our uture and it is vital to edue e se of private cs . Travelling by car is ore conveniet , ut with mprove pubc transpor , we nee to reduce the ue of cars .
That is ur responsiility to fuure geeations .
All in e - coe and watch
He you ever ben ased to ae a deciso a choose only oe thing out of an tha you rell li ?
I am sure you have .
nd then you always wonde what wol have happened if you a chsn the alternative .
aybe yu just mise something really pecal ...
You do n pariularly li tht felig , do you ?
There is a group of young people who dcide on ht it is ridiculous to choos if y ca ve all in one - do yu want to et them ?
Atually , ou will have a chance son .
The d Daon Teatre Group is coming to our ton nex week .
They will brig a lot of good sese of humour , musc , dance , nd anything o can hik of that should appr on stge .
Ther mn concern is to make u think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , t above all , to give you a reat time .
I bet you will love them at firs siht .
To cut a on stor sht - you must t miss this ent !
The gro is goin to perform in e Glo theatre an te have promised to met your expectations .
Te hoie is vious tis time ...
Simp , com and watch .
' Gravty ' is an outstading , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfono uaro , starring George Clooney and Sand Bulock .
Ths amazing film is aou t peple frm a cw of atrnauts nt u in spce to aunh the ' HUBBLE ' teescope .
Sn , one of tm is informed ht an steroid t a satellite and created debris which is ading for the huttle where t two stronauts ae .
ventually , the debri hit the Suttl an hus more debris is cratd whh follows th orbit of Earth ad moved aond it at a ery high speed .
The damag wih th impat of the debrs caused to the Suttle are catastrophic !
ll of the cr but o e killed .
To urvive , te astronauts have to get to t International Space Staion , which is very far away from them .
Moing to e I , one of them loss s ife and , so , ny n of e crew remains ali fighting r survival .
After a lon sequence of events , the remaining astronaut frst gets to th ISS , the , with a Russia spacecaf , moves on to a Cnese sace satin called TIANGONG .
And so , t astronaut laches the esape pd and gts home !
Her strggle for survival trs ut to be successul !
" Gravity " is inee a grea fi and moreover , I myself recommend it to yo , stuens .
My hoetown , Piliyandala , is probaby e smlles town in Colombo district and provides heler for mre than 100,00 people .
Te tow has approximately 15 villages a al of th ar verned by the urban ouncl .
he garbage cotrol service is one of te min supporting subsidiares of the rban council , which a funded two year ago .
Fv yers a , the on did n't hve any garbage control services to manage he dometic rubbish .
Wh hs grbge corol sysem , household waste is collected on a weekly basis and transprtd to recyclig centers .
T recycling centers sort this arage and it is u to diferent categories to be recced . Categorized garbage is he tranpoted to the recycling process in the nearest facory .
To years ago , h cuncil staed a wastebaske itribution program among the llages , with the intention of asing the garbage collection prcess .
th thi approch , it is very convenient for the workrs who are employed in h garbage control serce , because ty can collect l the garbage of a village fro on lace .
Meanwhil , the ubn counci strongly discourage the se of plastic products a other rtificia materials for e ae of r own ceanlinss .
Villages , on the other hand , ar doing her best to reduce t amount of domestic waste .
Nowadays , lots of eople are discussing the problem of ie in e nex 50 yar . In 50 ears ,
sure , science and technology ill
progress , and this col have som pos a cns .
I hin that in 50 years h ublic tranport will be mre efficient .
Planes , train and buses wil be faster n maybe , thanks to t progress of technology , we will be bl to bea - up eveywhere .
Alo , thanks to the progress of medicine , we will achieve some imortnt gols .
Doctors will also be ab to cure lethal isease .
This ill be a great cievement !
Fc - to - face communication , f example , wil lose its importance . Al t cmmuication will be virtual . People will spea only on scial networks .
I thnk that this wil be tragic ! Also , all relationips n friendhips will be virtual , ad ha is absurd .
We will ecome robots , no longer people !
Hello Harry ,
Everthing is going gret !
Wht but you ?
I 'm so pleased u 're waiting or me .
You sked me wha tme I wou arrive .
According to th sedule , e train arrives on platform # 5 of Cntral Station at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't e stuck in t morning jam .
Then ha abut my appearance ?
With ts ette I 'll end you a n photo of me , t anway , I hnk yo can econize me by my old phto .
ut in case , I 'll be werin tat yelow hat you se me last er .
Do you rmmber it ?
I 'm so excited abot spendg thee wek with o ad I 'm realy looking forward to meeting Eien .
ybe I should brin er something from ere ?
What does she like?(I remember o sa he liked chocolate .
For sre she has to taste ou locl choolate .
Or mabe he wants somthing se ?
k h . )
I ealy an to vsi t Ferris whl in Lndon .
Hope we 'll have enough tm to go there .
Also , we c go to some parks that I thin a incedible tere .
Anwy , we 'll discus hee to go after my arrival .
( So yo do n't ed to hurry no . )
Thanks fr care .
Looing forward to eeing you a your family as on as possible !
Hope we 'll he a fantastic holiday tgether !
nd regads ,
Fraois
Faces in e rwd is an excelnt otion for the like me who ove watchig thrillers .
It tells the tory of a eautiful man , played by h always stnning and taleed actress Mll ovovich , o is pulled off a bride by a mysterious srial killer .
Desite urviving the attack , Milla loss he ability to recognize faces , and thus she can n tell people apart , whch men anyone coud be the psycho who tied to kill er , and she could be in gat daner .
As ime goes by , Mia earns how to ientiy eope 's bod gestures . As she becomes mo conident wh r ew abilit , her lf comes slowly back to normal , but nt for too long , bcase she becomes suspicious the mrderer could be lser hn se wld ver have expected .
No oe can figure it ou uil th er end .
Pepe , youg or old , rich or poor , go tough saes of ps n dow in their lives .
To mos of h fends in te dorm of University of Education , Mii is jus an ordinay gil , neither autiful nor smar .
ut r Micel , sh a his word .
Mihae loed her at first sight whn he frst mt her and he trie to take advantage of opportunities to w her heart .
There is no oubt at he Southerners in Vietnam hv h prejdies agins Northerner fo a long time .
It was unfotunate f Michel to get accss to her ecase se was a ouherner .
Ovecoming mny prejudices and obtaces rom her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mmi coud depend on .
But eveything has caned sice he am to Danang cy o fther sudy .
He began to have itmate reations th other beautiful oung girls tere and roke his prmises - " Wait or me !
I ll ov you forever and I il come back very sn .
I'll evr love ny gir but y " .
In terms of ve , he d n't lve her anymore , t he still pt in contact wih he .
Poor Mm !
She dd n't now anything and til waited in pain .
e could have ot mrrie to a tlentd man if sh ad n't believd in wha Michael had id to her .
Everything was fie until te end of last sumer when she ha some days f n mad an important eision to go on a oliay ip to vsit r boriend without ay notice fo hm as a resault of casing competely surprises .
Never in her life had she bn to as crowded a city as anng , so she fel very nervous bu exreely excited bout metin her lover soon .
Rgh afte gttig off he plane , he trveled to is dorm to ee hm with a vw to satisfying her long wai for h .
he more excitd sh was , t mre disappointment sh hd . Mimi cagh sight of he oer kissing another oung gir in s rm .
e burst into tears , making efforts to lave that om as fast as possible .
Michael cosed te door d knew at th mome he ha made a mistake .
Dr Mikel ,
Hey ! w re you ? Hw is lie ? Ho you done with yu pretigius exams ta o told me abut .
nyway , I 've recenty bn oganzing an environment - saving evn for u beatifl ct by doing a recycling campai .
Snce your dad has a ecyling fctory , I houht tat he ould be pleased to get the botle and the ter reclable ateril as well .
As you know , in r country here 's trash being thrwn everywhee and ost of t things tt are thrn aay are recyclable .
Ths is the mn reason w our envronment is being destroyed .
T harity I chose to invest in was the envirosavrs charity , as th hve recently done a good j of re - building anial habitats , so I thought that they might ned money , since ey hav jus spe one on bulding the habitats .
At t event , there il be charged entertainments for all age grups . There wll be live muc , and we also have a ttery which will be goig on .
Waiting for your response and hp on the day . Do n't orget ; no mount is too small .
rtan
Hi May !
Thank u for your letter .
It was great to hear from y .
It ha been uc a ong tme since we rote to ech other .
h first thing I want to s is th I am really surprisd bout you fnally deciding to trt music lessons .
You never tl me tt u were hiking of playing an strument .
Wht nd of insrument are you ging to pay ?
In my opinion , you shoul try to oganise a schdule for your activities .
Do n't forget to have ti eouh to go out with your famiy and friends tee !
If I were you , I oud ry a trial period f a mnh .
If you do n't follow t schedule , ou shoul ie up n of the .
For instanc , you have bee doing sport sie I met o , so give up it fr a season .
Do n't you hink so ?
I hope that 's useful . Good lk a t me know how y ge on .
Looking forward to hearing from o soon .
er Mr Elisa Stephens ,
I 'm Vincenzo nna , an engnering stdent who , by means of linguanglish , is goin to spend thre eek in Brighton ( as y alrea knw , my coleagu Gelsomina Davide n I are arriving on 27th of Ju ) .
I oud like to ak u for jut one piece of information .
Once I ariv at t aipot , is it better to cach a bus or a trin to ech Brghton ?
Surfn the Intere , I have found th if I cth a us I il be able to e off at severl stos ( ach tation , Patcham , Pestn Cirus and so on ... ) , while hen travelling by ran , I an choose between Brihtn d Nw Brighton .
So , could o tell me whic is the st wy to reach you house ?
I hope to mprov my Engish skil thanks to th tp , a especially my lisning and spoke English .
In fat , I am studying a lot to ass e CAE examination ( Certficae in Avanced English ) , but I am facing severa difficulties .
Also for tis easo , I have chose to spend this perod in a famiy .
ndeed , I hink ths is the est y to imrov , by lstening to an spaking wit native nglis peol .
I 'm looking forward to seig ou soon ,
our sincerely ,
Vncenz nna
My am is Pawarit Chonlahat an I ave led in Bankan district since 201.I found that ths ar h chaed so rapidly , such as , nw it h a ot of condominiums a lg the main road nd nowadays ti area hs a b shpping mall and a modern hopital and a lare police statin . ha makes my life so convenient ad sfe becus I can walk from my house to go to h hopping mall in about 10 minutes ad I can walk to t hoptal in ju about 5 minutes , so I d n't ory when I ot sk and the large olce station is located in front of the hospital . That can aure afty o veyone o live in is area .
For thi reson , ts is t advantage of living in this ara but because of may people in this rea , traffic in ush hus especially in the morig is very eav and it tak so long to die a car to ok .That is t disadvantage of iing in this area . So , in my inion , this area should have an improved transortaton infrastructure like investment in y train sytem to cover ths rea .
Mary and Aber were havn lunh at a restaurant .
ey wer very excited about choosing the foo on the menu because it a tei irt time eating here .
owever , Mary sa a young a th a baseball c takn something awy .
he she looked fo te econd time , she realised that ws Amber 's ackpack .
Mary elld loudly at te youg m to call him to top a everon in the restaurant noticed i .
he yog man dropped t backpack quickly an tried to u away .
To s surrise , Aber ad t mnaer of ti reaurant we already stning in fon of t dr .
The managr told thm that this guy d robbed many stores in he town , nd finall they got him .
As a result , eve though he ept epresing s aologie to Amber , sh stl decide to call h plice .
Afte h police took i away , ary and Amber contiued enjoyig eir oo .
The es of l is ht te manager said their meal was fe .
Although the tw movies are fo comletly diferent genres , similarities sill xist .
The stores of Stephnie n Ali in Rst and Bnes , an P nd Tiffany in he Silverlinings Playbook all egn ith hir lie oig through life - altrng vnts .
In Rust nd Bones , Stephanie injurs herelf in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realie he has had e lgs amputaed .
li , an unemployed faer in his id-20s wh is strugglg to mke nds mt and suppo his oung s , ves Stephanie an help her g bk on her feet .
As they uport each other through heir ardship , love grows .
Simlarly , t n Tiffany er als goig throug hard times wen te fist me .
Pat ha just gotten out of rhab for bipolar disodr , whereas Tiffany , a wdow , had just los her job .
Once agan , ther relatioship bega as friends and transforms into ve as they help ea other cnquer personal challenges .
In sum , ot moves portrayed oe as a chemil reaction that ows en two people are wilng to help each other out of if hllenges .
In he moie of Rust and Bone , l take Stephanie u and taks he simmin , vn h sex wi her , hepin tephanie to restore her life .
On the other hd , aftr Ali starts his kickbxng career , Stepanie alwys cae abot his cnditions , d then beoes hi midleman .
As in Rust d Bn , in th ovie of Silver Linings Plybook , Pat companies with Tifny to rak away from the pa ; and Tiffany helps Pt to get the coage to find e way back into love .
A ey want to do is to repair th oe anings an fi happnes in their ie .
oh the oies hve appy endings fo th leads .
At the end of Rus and Bo , Stephanie is back to r life because of A 's support .
Al realzes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be t m he used to be anymoe , who did n't eleve in ove n only wanted one - night stads .
d in ilvr Linings Playook , Pat a Tiffany , w boh us to be stuck in the misfortn in e past , lave ter pst behind d move on with each the 's lov and supprt .
Tese two movies gi us a ncept : no matter w a ter lives ar , le a make people brave and hel them find t value of their lives agin .
Atough th hae those things in common , at e egining of e mves , th epession of the caracter cam from diffeent situations .
Pa an Tiffany ar trapped in their psychological difficulties ; Pat 's deire for his ex - fe can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany a not et over her guilt ovr e husbnd 's eat .
On the other hand , he characters in Rust a Boe re sufring from declined li qalty ; Stephie ls r lg , and i is a poo man .
Athouh hei hears r all mpty , th hars enironment is ardr to survive .
In addition , love is portrayed in diffrent ys in tese wo mvies .
Sver Lining Playbok , as a Hollywod moie , describes the love story in a ilaious tone .
The scne is bright and the rhythm is ight , even in t sddest section .
ust ad Boe , on e otr hand , presents he story in a ealisic a .
he director dos nt avod brutal scenes bcause the e parts of ra life .
In conclusion , vey love movie may be interpreted in diverse was , whrea people can always fd disinct ispiation .
In my inion , being included in e test TV new is a hug cotriution , a grat opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you lik .
It is posibe to find many emples whih confirm tha argumnt .
In these tme , we can follow somebo 's Twitter nwseed , ' lke ' his Facebook fanpage n , of ours , follow nws about those famou peope .
They 're bng followed constantly by paparazzi , a tir pivte phot are being bought r milions of dollars .
Of coure , being in a similar situato does n't seem to be easy bt I hik that it is one of the prcs of being famous .
We should n't underestimate he impornce of societal and environmental pobems .
Tey both must be lved because of teir great negative influence on he world .
On t oe hand , I thin that the ost signifant is scietal problms because thy cue oter problems , includng environmental nes .
Peole always us nature nd its resoces to satsfy their needs .
Howver , eope he exploited nature snce the last century .
Their activiies d lots of negative consequences , su as air , water n land pollution , defoestaion a limat chag .
These ssues a so burnin in deveoping countries .
Whereas developed countries hav become aware of thee poblem , poor couries hav plent of societal probms , so they cninue to affect e environment in a negatie ay .
Tht 's wy I conside ta societal issues are th mst dangerous .
For exaple , evelopig countries can not ptect the environment eause of ther poverty , ow incomes , and population illiteracy .
On te other hand , sometimes environmental problem can be a reson for oietal one .
Ths happen when som natura dissters happen .
uch disasters as earthquakes , floods and trndos affect a lot of pepe every year .
They have an undesied impact on society as people a forced to ave their lis , leave or renovae ther huse , and to lo o lothes , food a oer things .
Unfortuately , we c o prevent natual disaers , ut we can solve soceal problems .
In my oiion , the main decision is to deeop people 's potntial , and incrase tir awareness of personal effects on nature .
If eole te responsibility for their tions , we wll void penty of consequences .
In my ve , we n achieve ts trough deelopin leaership .
We mu have strong leaders who will strive fo a eautiful world .
Popl ca n't satisfy their limitless neds ; hy hik nl about her wealth .
A oo lear mst form a socety , set an example n provide bete vales r popl .
He must nspire oers to acheve ppropriae goal and to do hir bt f the world .
In my orgnizaion , we trie for peace in t world .
We believe that we can develop leadership in ah pero d in these way we can aoi a l of global probles .
This exchange prgam will give me the equire knowledge ta I cn u effectively to dvelop krainan sociey .
Sometimes I have an opporunty a desire to do something , but I do n't know how to do it properly .
I hope his intenational eerience will tec me how to work on increasing my ontry 's welfare .
Though new roblems our quickly in our state , sm pople ad communiie try to do their best to evelop a vil and democratic society .
We nee exrnal hl to find u how to coe wth both societal and environmental problems .
Moreover , our country pays little atentin to them , so the population has to do verything on eir own .
o instance , I ope I will be abl to get to know verything about recycling rubbish d saving energy .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve our ecological situation a little .
In conlusio , ac poble must be solved cocerning societal an envronmental issues that impde the further progress of o civilization .
What is more , this project will give me valuable experiec , including specif skill hat I can use to spread healthy tendencies in e scial pere n careful attiude towards the environment .
Television can etertain eveybody today . It does n't matr th g . It can be a bay or an elrly prson ; we cn ee that ere are interesting topics o all ind of audiece .
It 's a multimedia deice so that while you wach TV , you can iste and e other people or cartoons , nd it eem h chracters are live tlkng directly to you .
Tody h networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can wch he rogram at y tim you wt to , a if yu do n't like a program , you cn change the channel and wac something else . Through t increase in channels nd competitiveness , h audience as aso iceased its poer of choice .
We have the powe to choose wht we want , u with so may options , we must be aar of u own dcisios . I wa to say tat , although we have so my options , n all of thm are effctive for us . We are able to ecde if we 'd rather ee a omed or a documentary .
e prgras tend to eproduce our ra le and u desies , suc as a soa opera ich presens haracters with difficulties in ter lives , but ther ar ls the soluions to all the prolems at the end ; he lady es married ad lives happily wi her oe forever .
Althugh they have a nce ending , we ee to remember that eal life is dfferent and the difficulties ar pat of our lives . They e tere fr us to gve value to everything we ave an to remind us ho fgile and , at te same time , ow powerul we are .
We can also watc a documentary ht teaches us a l !
Tee ar documetaries rouced with so mu ae hat they provide us it a lot of informaton . ometies it 's mh beter than reding a book or having a class .
Having said tat , we js ned to emember to be awre of wht we want to receive from TV while we ar choong a pogram to wath ad be happ with r choices !
os and cons - as in maor city centres
r the la 10 year , evry second family hs had more than ne car and , mot of he tme , each member of the family drives hi ow car .
Many of the automobie oners ive in g twns and he often pk thir cars in e city centres , hre they work or study .
ecently , governments in many countries imposed a ban on parking or even a b on driving in major city centres , because thi leads to nreasing traffic jams .
Moeover , cars pollute h r significantly a it beomes unhealthy o breathing .
Undergrou car parks a bilt in many tons , where yo can leave yor ar wen you have some wk in the ci centre .
nly public trasport is permitted on th main treet , becuse it is se by a t of people .
So drivers are t ee on this ban , becaue is is inconveniet for th .
Tey do not like travellin by bus or tram .
In my opinion , tse measures reated to e bn on cars in the cty centr are effeive a lmi he traffic jams n he air pollution .
ow ds Shakespeare make ' A Midummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' , Shakespeare reate a magical ood and setting by usin characers , such as the faies , and even ( such as transforing Botom 's hd nto a nkey 's head ) .
he use and misuse of mgic las a vital rol in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dem ' .
Eah chracer in hi play who is al to do mac use it in a differen w . For xample : to he ; o ther own needs .
A goo ue of magic is whe Oeron uses ' le in idleness ' to make or rather " foe " Demetrius to fll in love with Helena .
He uses it to elp her ad try to solve te oblems in the loves ' relationship , as Lysander n Demetrius are in lve with Hera . Cosequently , Helena is in ve wh Demetius .
It 's alost a loe triangl !
The misse of magi is when it cases an argument between the Athenians .
Becus uck istaes Lysander r Demtrius an squezes the potion int his eye , th whole conflict begis .
This whole dpute could have bee avoied if not for Puck 's mistake .
However , ust as magic caed ths chaos , it as resolved it .
Witut th iuse of magic , the plot wld n't be the same .
Ter 'd be no humour to make it intrestig .
In ths play , t fairies are almot like the her of the book .
It is because of the maic of the farie , he actions in thi bok re lie a dream .
h iries control early verything .
The weathe changes due to Obero and Titania 's argument , whc makes ' contagious fogs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frts ' ( 2:1:17 ) .
The faires also ffect nature as bero 's an Titnia 's dspue results in te wind ' pipng ' to he in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Hing faies as haracters ads magc , as fairies do n't exist in th hma world .
It cretes unreality and fantasy .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us wy from h ordinary human worl tha usually talks in pros .
The fairies ' magi is bit by the contrast btwen the live of the faires ad those of the " mortals " .
As a reoccurring eme , Puck 's ue of maic creates umur , oflict an balance in e pl .
Pu 's mgic als ds to is nughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
The magic of turning ottom 's ad no one of an s , dd mo humour to he aleady self - confient charcter of Bottom .
This lso eas to more humour as Titnia fls in lo with Bottm and calls m he ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It alo creates t comparison of Titania , a beauiul , delcate crature , wilst Bottom is completely groesque .
The idea of Titaia having a ' fowey e'(4:1:1 ) and the id of Btom , at that time , looking ' monstrus ' and ' trange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The imag of h elegant fairy que referng to a man with a dokey 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:8 ) sem riiculous .
Oberon 's magic is mainy se to hel ople .
As wel as f is eds , he uses his magic to lp ' A seet Athenan lady ' ' in loe'(2:2:2 ) ; namely , Helena , with hr sitation wth Demetrius in Ac 2 .
Terfore , he is show as a sympathetic character .
Howeer , Oberon ao uses hs magi to ge the chaneling b fom Titnia .
Whe Obero fid ot that Puc as transfore Bottm 's head into a donky 's head , he ets nnoyed at first at Pk 's mstake bu lter realizes tat Ttana hs fallen in love with a ' vie ting'(2:2:40 ) , a ma wi an ass ' head .
In te book , Titania dos n't seem to us h magic much . Nevertheless , he us it a fw ties .
Titania use her mac to ' bless'(5:1:3 ) the bride 's bed so that Theseus an Hippolyta will hv eauiful children and live a apy marrd lf .
In the book , se is n't own using it or r own eeds .
Titania 's faies r lo chrcters wh use magc . They use it to prtect thei ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' ptted snak with double tongu ' , ' nwts a blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Tei magic , ke Oberon 's , is ued to hlp people , ad n r themselves .
Also , the fairie ' lngage is magicl , as mot of thir lins are spells and sound as if tey were in a ary ae .
he clothes of h fairies d their liv r also magical .
The plce whe Titania eeps is full of ' oxlips ' ad ' eglantine ' .
Sh eeps on a bwer and she wns a n made of wings of butterflies .
The ood they t like ' apricocks'(3:1:52 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:3 ) sound xotic as ll as not being u daily meals or nacks , hch also show anther contrt beween the huas and h faiies .
The fruts , mentioned above , lso ound like on hat would be oun in a foret ( beres ) .
The laguae of h fairies creats magi by imagery tht is abslutly exquite .
Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:5 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
ve th sou of these wo words sounds like fantasy .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates his .
He talks about ' sk - rses'(2:1:25 ) ad ' il thyme'(2:2:249 ) givn us hi image of this beautil land , with green gass and all sorts of flowers .
This ima wl probably look lik ere the fairies live or associate it wi a fay ale .
By dog thi , we begin to realize te agic in thi ly .
In ' A Mdsummer Nih 's Dream ' tee r many spels , e.g.
Flower of ths prpl dye ,
Hit wi Cupi 's archry ,
in in ple of h ee .
When hs ov he doth esy ,
et her shne as glorouly
As te Ven of the ky .
Whe thou ak'st , if she be by ,
Beg of hr remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The laguage used in this spel contains many eferenes to ntre ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
Ti is how it creates agc d creates the seting , as in Willi Shakespeare 's time , they did n't e many props .
Just by ading ti , o can iaine this fairy king chanting a spll on a purple fwer called ' love in idleness ' and you a understad Cupid ( the Greek o of oe ) had blese this flower ih hi arcery , ivng you an understanding ht this is a love potion .
Shakespeare a ao usd metaphors nd simles sch as ' let hr shine as gloriously as the Venu of th y ' to create te thught that Hele sould look like a ' godess , nymph , ' in aditon to eing ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:37 ) .
He ue indirect words , e.g. He dos n't just sy love potion .
Shakespeare sy ' Flower of this purple e , Hit with Cupid 's arcery ' , causing mytey an making us think about what he meas .
Shakespear also us h idea of magic in his conversations with othe characters . For exmple , when Titni speak to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 4 , she mentions natre many times .
Sh fers to the oon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:03 ) and refers to te seasns quite a t .
h describes the winer as ' angry'(2:1:1 ) as Wnte is sometmes thought of as a miserable seson .
Te fairies reite their sntences as if they wr a oe or song . '
Spoted snes ' an ' Thoy hedghos'(2:2:9 - 10 ) e refeences to animals .
Animals , nsect n pants r cmmonly referred to in ' ' A Midmmers igt 's Dream ' and thee descriptions d to the agic .
It reates e ense that th fairies thought that the animals were dangerus and te a they describe the engaes te eader .
T description of the animals an insects makes them seem as if they wer evil pirits to th fairies a sprits are mgial .
Ts play also rfer to ' sleep ' and rams .
ftr l , e book is called ' A Midsummers Nit 's rem ' .
Due to te magic , the bzarre events were ntrpreted as a dream , as ter 's no easie ay to mae the humans understand te events tha had just happened .
Thining of it as a drea creates inocence nd vulnerability .
Also , th thought of al fu lovers having he same dream makes it seem strage and magical to hem .
Al , Shakespeare uses the thugh of plays .
He ds the pl ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' wic is a it lke a mi - pla bae on he stryline ' A Midsummers Niht 's Dea ' , as there are tw loves wose parnt do n't permit their mrriage .
en h ' echanicas ' , or wkers , change io their charactrs , it is a it like mic .
The characters in e play , like ' moonligh ' , are baic ideas of transformations ike he oes at agic crates .
As , there is te ide of the ateratio of fo ta Bottom 's ea gets ' translated'(3:1:10 ) no expresse the magical feeling ta again this is n possibl in the huan wrd .
Potin re also use to ow a snse of mag .
In the human worl , they d n't s spels or potins .
At this time , the idea of otions might sem unrelstic and silly t by radng ths d te events the potio creat mgic .
e effet that ' love in idlees ' s in te play , creates te plot ad so potos la a main ol in the book .
Wthout magic , e ply oud not ave the same elements of humou .
Also , h abnce of magic would lte h overal plot .
The repetitive the of maic plays a significant role in th play .
To summarize my points , I personll think that Shaepeare pesented gic in e play by ung thouht such as transformatios , slls , potions a aspects that do n't exist in t huan world .
I pesonall think , without magic , hi book would not be as popular or engaging .
Shakespeare has done it gan !
By Pravinja Mkhejee
7Y
Lxor is an amazing city in h soth of Egypt .
You wll noy h riedly atmosphere here .
If yu lie to go shoppig , you wl hae may choices .
Yu can buy sovenir rom he east or we bank .
If y like artwor and antiques , you can go shopping for stone culptures and papyu there .
Lvrs of gold and silver cn e rel brgins at e baar sps .
Y a enjoy yur tim hre .
You wi nve forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of h land of he phaaoh , legends ad istory .
The city of Old Thebes
Noadays , most scols nd uiversities help stuent to in their most suitale jobs .
This is cused by the changes that the labr market h experieed recenty .
Busineses nt to rcruit ong n eperiened eople a universities a schools have noticed tha , so hy are ans on th ta .
I shall consider two of t proposed methods .
It s be sugesed tht businesses ofr " ork xperiene progams " .
Studet will be ale to g know thir task in depth as employees .
It seems a brilliant dea not onl beuse of th knowledge that they cqure b als because of th experinc at it could bin them .
Some businesses ruire exprienced employees and if yung eople hav it , they il be more likely to be recried in the workplace .
So , inclding expriene in the CV , sems to me , a ste further in te tudnt ' s carer .
Anothe way to encourage students to find he perfect o uld be courses a qualiications .
I entirely hare this idea .
Universtis are supposed to give their stdent formation about the skills tat a o involves .B sometimes , unversiies give them mr theoretical training nstead of the practica training wch businesses are lookin fo .
Geneally paking , students fiih their degrees wt a limited range of eperienc .
I would therefor argue at te best way to el students is to combine a kind of " traning " o their ok fe and me theoretical kowldge .
hey have to learn the skill tat a jo involves nd th only wa to et ti is by racticing .
Noways , we ae " n " nubr of intenational sports wee one n prov e 's own talent and socialise .
My favourite sport is Badmitn because you a ave lots of fun while playing .
The shpe of the court is a rctanle and it is dividd in hal by a n .
The moe of playng can be sings or oubles .
There are i main shots : t serv , te clear , the smash , e drop , te foreand and t backhand .
It 's goo ercise to make one fit and it 's es to play .
The u in this game is tat ou ned to rp the shutlecck on he othr side of t court a it until he opponet responds to it .
My suggestion f popl who wn to start baminton as a hobby , first one eds to ko the rue and regulations of e game .
As it 's a mind - st ame , the payer neds to focus on te weaknesses nd c accordingly .
To be a succesfl laer , one a to learn some trick which help ke th ga easier .
And last but not least , as a plyer , they have to ke in md that they should not et depressed hn they eel ha thei game is goig t of hei hads . Instead of that , one a to figt uni the st mnute of te game in rder to decide heher the plyr is the winner or t losr .
Thu , psing themselves leads to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am ey pleas to ear that you finally maged to oen you restaurant .
I 'm really sorry that I c not acpt your offer to rk at ou restaurant .
I 'm er buy with my ew b and with e kds .
But I av smone in mind that an hlp you at th esaurant . It 's my sstr Sina . You t r at my pary . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You il love wrking with her .
e as a lot of xpeience . She worked in a restaurant r 5 years a a alo cook .
Let me know if y re interested in eting to know her btter .
Yours ,
Stela
I am ery glad to her that y will come to my country .
In Vietna , many lacs are ort traveling to , sch as Da Lt , Sa Pa , or especially Nh hun .
I went to Ninh Thuan wo week ago , d I can assure you tht it is oe of th st beautil beaches in Vietnam .
Fm Ho C ih City , yu culd easily go to Ni Thuan by train d it tak you oly 6 ours .
VH Bay in Nih Thua is seen as one of e bes bays in Vietnam , so I especiall recommend you to go tere .
To experine it wel , yu shuld stay tere at leas three da .
Last time , I just had a chance to sa fr tw ys , an I flt regret when I got oe .
Lookng for a j in Vitnam is not as or a freigner lie o w .
However , if you are able to ok , I think yo il be ine .
Besides , you could se ur own fod on the strets , hich sounds ver interetig .
Just keep thikig aot his adce ad let me ow if o ve any concerns .
I am ooing forwrd to seig o .
Mt the Fim Cl every Mnday at h College Theatre
A student group usually meet in the Cllege Theatre eery Monday to watch fis ad , afterward , discuss thm , but you 're not alone !
Eery Monday a diffret guest speaker is nvited to h Fi Club to manage e discussion oer a god dnk , thas to e Cfee r 's scial la opening .
Faos directors uch as Ridley Sctt and Alejandro Amenár have bee to h lub in the as wek .
They spoke about their flms from a point of iew th will uncover for u a n wonderfu way of interpreting te meaning of h iconic essages ha they 've introduced ino their movie .
For e nx season there 's ing to be a ne cyl aout II and Tom Hanks an Matt aon wil visit he Film Clu to speak bou the ilm in hich they appeae : " Saving Prvate Ry " , and thei process r getting involved in their characters r realistic actng .
CONCLUSION
If yu lve the cinema or if yo onl want to take a brk from you dil outie a meet e people nd make new frends , y shuld n't miss this great pportunity to turn a grey Moay into an amazin tat to the week .
Some people coplan that wen he weekend is coming they wonder wh to do just o one dy ! They oud ike to ha a et .
wever , ty want to go out n spend im with their families , as well .
So , where to go ? What to do ?
I 'm suggesting you choos betwen t dffernt places : the ech or the monains .
If you prefer to go to t beach but you r t sue what to do tre , here are some specia dea to consider .
First of l , remember to ta food ht ca be eaen easy without much ess ( panih omelete , fried chick breast , sandiche , cips ... ) and , so , you a y so rins and water because it is fun to at at the bec ad eple usually get hunry often after the do somthing ike swimming , jumping the wve , surfn and so on .
Playing in the san , uying one nther or mking sandcastles ight be a great y to pend a y outdos .
Howevr , if o do n't like sand at all , you can choose e other oion in the moutais .
It could be a different way to spen a quiet d in a peaceful , placid and resful place .
Furthermore , goin on a hik amog trees with a co beze arund u ca be the knd of place ht allows y to foet he busy city lif , o .
So , whch one of these t places would you choos ?
In my opinn , no mter hee you go , just take your camer d ake photos in order to be abl to remember that onderful , amzin even unfoettable time .
In t n , t ost important thng is to hv and enjoy a relaxig te .
Pupose
Te purpse of this repot is to socase e wys in which eegy consumpion is reduced , together ih the saving of natural resources in my city .
eaures being takn
In Clj , each year , during the summer , the local authortes gve citizens the opportunity to nt bicycles , something that n educe te a pollion produced by a eaust .
They ls encourage pole to use bicycles in order not to consume so uch fuel .
Thir success
Surprisingly , peope upport ths proje a very yr he numb of bicycles rented rss .
Mre nd re people ha stared wondring about thir heath , sething that makes them not use their cars as often as tey sed to .
Mre thing tha ould be doe
h local authoities cul also orgnise events in hih they c encourae eple to str saving natura resources ke water , or to convince people that power consumption ca be educd in man other ways .
ret Es !
La Cacharrería is a mall , Sanish estauran in th ld on of Cáceres .
It is a poplar lac .
The interior is simple .
The tble ae small ad tall but thy are comfortable .
The atmosphere is riendly ad elaxed .
Ter is a little courtyard with three tables .
La Cacharreiaes is a tapas restaurant , so you can coose lts of different sll dishs a share them .
I try something new ea tim I go her , but I oftn rer h humus . I love it .
I als recommen e zucchini floer or the salads .
The fo is always fresh .
Te desserts ae dlicius ad original .
The service at La acharreia is very good .
The waiters are really helpul .
They ar alway happy to describ the ifferent dies a recommend wel .
Anoter thing abou hs restaurant is that it is chap , abo 20E per pers .
La Cacharrería has a disadatage : yu ca n't reserve a tbe d it is very popular .
I rcomend La Cacharería , because it is a grea place for a quiet meal with friend .
Hi Rya ,
Thi is just a qick e - il to apologise beause I forgot to as y if you wnted to oe to clebrat the en of t year .
Also , to say hat we 're oing to eat at Telepizza .
I look forward to reciing you answer on .
ye ,
Arnzazu .
Not sleeing eouh is a relief , but or others it an be tortur .
Diferent facors uch as stress , psychological problems , oise , lights , do o le you re .
" Sleep d Your Health " alks about this .
Ty menton 3 things we should do to sleep better and be heathy as wel , whc we wl isuss below .
The first tp to better sleep is to recognize that ayb you hae a eep disrder .
Take me as an example . I do not think I have a sleep isorder .
I do no have truble sleepin , or sffe from interrupted sleep .
I certainly do not ge enogh sleep , but it 's not a seep disrder , b athe , t pace of life I lead .
The eond step is to idenify at ould be causing the slep isordr .
Even if you hae a disorder , you an identify factors tha a interpt your sleep .
e reading eech of any , but those th wic I identify most e caffeine before slepin and eating hea food beor bedtime .
I einitely need to pay attenion to these factors and , th wy , I wl see improemen .
The thi a final se is to t to identif problms at irt .
It is vey important to know w we an improve our health .
There ar dferent medictions or ven natrl things to improe thes coditions .
elp and uttin io practice tse tips ill help us hve a healthi life .
In summary , it is impornt to pay tention to u health .
Rading thing tt n hel us live better a be ve elpul .
Implementing each piec of dvice an ellig ther about our imrovements , is a ood way to help otes .
So , for now , we must lep well to be helthier .
My favourit sport .
et me tell yu about my favorite prt .
I lie many tyes of sports but I like imming best .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
I do it evry d at scho .
We have a swimming pol in our schol n we wi fom 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. en I swim I feel ry ppy ad relaxed .
The bnfits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your ban is alert .
To do is sport , frst you have to mt someone who can teach you o to swim , becaus it is a beautiful spor but it is also dangerous .
You have to have a god coach nd a god simsuit .
If yo try it , you c do it .
Karen
Some peole think there is no future for public transport because traeling by ca is so mh more convenient .
Cars actually hv many advantages .
However , tt oes n't mean ubli tanspor has to disappear .
The main reason to think ter is a futre or public rasport is tat , accrding to cologists , we mt cu down t assive ue of cas .
T ollution lev is more and more inceased by this excessive e .
So , public transport is neeed to vid more problems in the atmosphere and sve the planet .
What 's or , it n only inceases pollution , t also trn out to be danerou for our sense of hearing .
In addition , I think pulic transport is a necessary service hich we should have access to .
Not everyone can afford a car or , o some reaon , some eople ae n't ae to drv ne .
Therefore , it is ver important to continue pblic traspor now nd in the utur .
In cnclusion , from my pit of ve , people from all over te world would rathr travel by ar than travel by pubc transport , b we 'd better se hi ens of transport if we want to continue liing in acceptable cndiions .
Dear Mr
ao ,
leas find below clarificaton related to the below sse :
During a meein with e head of department in MOH , I was complaining about ervicig of the microscope by tei sff ( almost 99.9% from lympus Microscopes re no under ervie Contract , d handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providng the required traning for ll his staff , in order to improve t qualit of Olympus Microscop service .
Th net day I received a call from on of the techniian , Mr. Humam ltannous ( who h a comlint against us ) , sking to rear h Mcroscopes in Malariya Lb ( wih are not undr warraty or contract ) .
I xplaied to h the standrd protocol hat an official rpir equest should be sent in order to proced with repairing h unt .
Bu he is no ready to cept this and is asking us to go and reir the unit wihot n repair request bing issued . Plase nte tht our telephone conversaon was fo on 2 minutes and durin tis conversation he was misbehavng nd misreatin me and hung up th phone ) .
He did t ask any manua / trble - shooting instruction during ou call , which he entioned in his email .
e next a I complained abou him to te head of the department . It was ol durin tht time I go to nw that he is o of e technicians h is taking cae of repais of th microcpes in th epartment , and i manager equsted me no to epar ny unit withut an official request , d he wol come ba to me rgaring my complaint agint hs employee .
Please note tat we maitan a go relaionship it our customers a always give good sevice as wel .
We hope tt h above explanation is sufficiently clea and exhaustve .
Thans f your kind understanding
ecase there wl be an interational festival for youn peple in ou rgion , I have rtten thi report in order to id out the her preferenes and the tres which are in nadays .
Firstly , I ased aot h music that is stened to a abu their favourite styles and groups and he results shwe us tt hey are n't similar compared to the msi they ied a few years ao .
In fct , tey can hardly ever define themelves as pop fans , okers , ...
In addition , plenty of girls wo we ntrviewed told us they culd n't stand regeton music , t the usually want to isten to it at discs because th can dac .
In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture an magnificent bands like the Rllin tons a goi to have to remain in oblivion .
Sondly , I deted ith oung peope abot the television pogrammes that are watched currently .
Mos pople prefer to tch rality programes whre people ha to liv with unknown peop , in der to goip about them .
Hoeve , dcumentaries are ein forgotten an nly twenty - s pecent of thm wol lik to watch mor interesting TV eres lie ot .
Moreover , all of them choos waching TV over reading a book as firt opto .
Finally , I so talked abot the clote they usually war .
It is sd tat o a tt yo ea , but in ths epor , we an check that it is not certain .
Acually , unlike usic , young people fe tha tey an evel thi behavour n eir charcter by which clothe e bing orn .
Nowaays , everon uses h Iternet and as everyhere .
In addition , it is vey eay to mae friends and comnicate wit somebody .
First of all , thanks to th internet , o can me or tak to people evn if they ae ot by ur se .
In addition , it 's easie to tk wi someone ha u have n't e ad yu wan to .
Furthermore , if you ae a shy peon , ti wy is very useful fo you because you can talk mor dietly wth someoe .
Secondly , if you use te Internt to meet new people , it 's a good y to ind peope wit similar interests . Yu n eter an app ad yo c escrie what you oo like and smone will be ineested in you .
Fialy , I hink tha thanks to the internet you c talk with smeon h lives in apn , ut often you stop alkng wt someone who is in fron of u .
In conclusion , I gree ta t nternet is a go wy to mt friends becaue o a get to ow a lot of people rond th world .
Th statement - ' Tere is no future o public trasort , because travelling by c is so mc or conenint . ' can be discussed in relation to two different aspects .
One ay of usin transport is to travel to work dai within he cy . The other way is to s it he you e visiting yor fiends or famiy outsid the ty .
hee has been god progress in trnspot in both respects .
Transport hs become faster an more convenient , and this can be attrbuted to a lot of fctors , such as btter roads , n tecnologis and innovations tc .
Peole who trve to work dail usually prefer public transport over their own car as it is a cheaper option .
Aso , as pblc trnsort such as t metro os ot nd to deal with traffic , it is always a fatr way to get to the ffice .
On te other hnd , if I ee travelin to e my friends or family in a nearby town or jut on a hoiday tour , I ould efer my car .
If ou ar travelling in yo c , it gives you flexibility to choose any w to reach our destnaton , you c make y nmber of stops , and even stp for yu favorit ice cream .
In futue , the enviromet will lo becme a ke fctr in determining te state of ese moes of transport .
ounties toay are trying to reduce eir cabon fooprint ; they are tryn to ecourae public transport .
This intiative ill definitely elp counties to reduce pollution .
I tin eduatio is n of the most imptant things fo everyone .
In my opnon , it is probably h basis of the values of ery society , ecase our childre w will be te en or omen of the future .
In Spain , the vat ajoity of schools are sate schoo .
Ths is e reso why governmen decisins about edcation la an essential role . I have always thought that it hold be accessible to all .
I stded in a state school and I believe that I got a good edution , nt only academic training but so srog princples to li in society .
The internet a socal ntwors hav involved a big hange in ou knoedge and behaviour in the world .
Fro my point of vew , I fel ik we are losing impoant thig like the effot to achieve gas or resect or eeryon .
Nowaays , we r iving in a gloal world and we must learn h to live together . Therefore , educatin is the ony a to achieve it .
o istance , knowig ther languages , ik Enlsh , is increasing day by ay .
To sum up , educton is , in my opinin , he most mportat bais of any socety and it should be ccessibl to a people .
No doubt ople need to mo fr n place to anoth .
Ther are an reasons fo tralling , d to ravl rom ne place to another peopl e diffrnt men .
There ae a arety of trnspor eas .
Some a rvate and som e puli .
Public transport meas such as trains , plans d bue a known as the cheapes n ar ued by all travelers , d the cost of usng hm is sothing that suits peole who earn t mc money ,
hreas e prvate eans suc as car a small panes re knn as the most expensive .
Ty ost to mc to on tem , an to run tem .
Their ue and kits are rathe expensive .
Te uers of transport means differ . Te ulic ones r able to carry large numbes of travelers , whereas the private mean ae used by very smll numbers of people .
hi opon a be ed for cargo also ,
because h publi ans of transpot can carry a l , and tis helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cos .
All tee points support the importance of pulc mans of transport , and demonstrate how useful they are .
In my iw , pblic transport will ke on offering their services , d will nvr be affected by h appearance of priat means .
Introduction :
This reprt is intded to evaluate t Activ Leisure Clb a to gve soe suggestons regarding te Clu 's w fcilities .
Minuses :
Te club 's cafeteria , lokr rooms and bathrooms ae oo small or e number of members .
I believe tat houl be boe in md when the new facilite re built .
Pluses :
Th lu offers a wide range of actities to spend ti don .
Thoe activitie evelped my interest in sprt a nature .
h stff must lso be congratulated .
Everyon in the organisation is kind , helpful and heeful .
Recommendations :
Altough h facilities are wl organsed , they ar too small , because more n mr people e becoing membrs of te club .
However , t advantages outweigh te orst aspect nd I will be happy to join the club agan next Summr .
ear Jo
Thanks a l for our lete ! I am please to her ht everything is wl ith you and tt ou ar coming to Polad .
I 'm very sorry hat I haven't replied earlier , but I was havi a hard time at university .
In my pinion , Polnd is batiful country , so o wi n be disappointed ! I wold recommend yu starting your trip in Pozan .
I oul loe to show you arod my cty .
Next , you cn ea to arsaw .
It 's a beautiful city !
I wol ik to ask o if you like mountains ?
If so , I recomed ou to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion , it 's the ost beautiful place in Poland .
If I were you , I would stat lokin fr a j by checking lcal advertisents on the Internet .
There ae sely a lot of job ffers sutale f yo !
I think our knledge of English wil be your reat adantage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrek
To whom it may concern
I am writin in referece to t advertisemen or the S UMER CAMPS , in orr to appy f the j .
My nm is Grard Jones nd ather ha tell you tat I alwys waned to wrk wth children ,
I would li to share with u that my younger broher dores me , as do my cusns , whose aes a in the required rang for gin campng .
My expetie is to organie games for children . Eveybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resst h team rialry dring the games .
I am also a talented ok for kids . My ve is also trying to onvince them that cooking is u and sometmes they k me to each tem how to make baic shes , such as melettes , spaghtti and more .
My pan is to hae fun an provide fun through my work wth children . I consider mself very patient an I do cr fo chlden . In view of ht , I would like to apply for the job n , if it 's pssble , jon your next ca in the sume .
I appreciate your attention to his letter . Do nt hesitate to contct me if y he any qestions .
Yours faithfully ,
Gerard
Doi pots or just watching them ?
Nowadays , the ar an people h do spots , bu other people prefer jst watching them .
On te one hand , doing sports allw yo to ave a healthier ie .
Most doctors recommend ong hi .
Doi pors is a good a to forget about real life . You fcus on the competitio and it is ie having a rest rm everyday ife .
On h ohr hand , don sports is ealty , dspite the fact that hre are risy spot that cn cause vrious ealth problems n coul lea to dah . nl watching sport seem safer .
In conclusion , pesonally , despite the danger of oe sports , dong sports is by fa bter thn just sttig in your hse and wachng the .
Dear i / Madam ,
I 'm so gad to hear that you are ging me an opporunty to make your club facilitis bete .
It would be a grea chance fo your club to share my ieas to improve yur facilities .
Please refer to the good a b points of yor lub , in my view , as belo .
The good ponts of the club ar as below :
1 . All the pepl who work in te cb are attentive and professional
2 . Te facities are cheap to use
3 . he changing om is very clean
Te bad points of the lu r as blw :
1 .
T gym of or cub is t pe from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The emperatur of the cangig rm is to o
I ould ke to recommed hat the y ops at 7:00 AM fo people who ant to visit a litle bit erler and te changing room heating houl be fixed .
I 'm looking forard to earng from you tt my reply has be a great help fr your club this yar .
yours faithful ,
TLe
Te la film I aw was called " The Others " u it is ot a recnt il .
he film is a horo movie which tells e stoy of a rich famiy h lived in an ld mansion on an abndoned island aftr th Second Word r .
The problem wt ths masion is tht it hides a t of secrets and myteies which are going to be dicovered by its emprary owers , h ar a family whse hsband et to wa and ie . So the real occpant of e oue are Nicholas , an easily caed boy , his sister Anne , o tns t to be one of h mot iportat characters in the il , and teir mother , who is called rce and has a particular obsession with catholisis .
T other chaaters that also play an important part in the movi are h servants .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and th mute girl Lidya , ho al hids a lot of secres .
The lm dscrbes ho he lov at a mother can ive to r children can asily turn into an osesson . Hoever , wt makes this film so speial is tat it pretends to be a typical orrr moie , bt in its fial scn , there is a sddn change wih mks it oe inresting .
It wa ae in th rght place fo suc an nexpected film as it was mae in a big manor on an abandoned foggy islnd .
I old recommed this film to anyon , vn those who are esily scaed , because it is not like te rs of the horror movies . It is a lm in whc you are continuously dscvering secrets as if yu were another characer .
You will have a great tie .
Pubc transprt was developd or people who we poor and could not afor their own trnspor .
Pulic trnsport is the oe of transport for passnger wh cn travel fr ne place to anothe for lss mney .
At frs , this transport was greatl apreciated .
Everyone ft so deligtd , but unfotunaely , nw eople fel ncomfortble when it comes to travelling by public transport .
In the rly days of pbic transport , peol only stuck to their nomal rutine d did no wih to earn more from their jo or wo .
Today , every single person is keen to rn as uh money as tey can and the interestng rt is th this eaerness is increasg a by a , d so is her ncme .
So , now , almot 80 prcent of peopl can afford their own transpo .
And people fel ofortable in their o vehil .
The ma advantag of aving your own transpor is that yo do not have to wait or plic ransprt . You can ave time as you ol eed to accelere yur own trasprt nd drive to or desination .
Publc transport is low now , even thoug it is ey omortable , t unfortnately , pople feel public transport is f poor people and if any midle class or upper lass were to travel on public transport , it would afect thir sttu .
Bt still there ar so man peopl who use pblic transport fequently , but hat is only their compusion and pvrty .
If tey were finncially stable , they would srel buy their own veicl .
So , I are wt h statment that there is no future for public transport .
It is a el - known ac that tansport is closely related to pollution .
Exhaus fumes are one of the great poblem for te environment .
So it is a queson that equire deer reflection fm al of us .
Whher public transpor miht be th solution , or be more suitable or n is something ith argmens in i favour nd against it .
Firstly , may pele thi public traspot has no uure bcaue travelling by car is faster and more independent .
You do not ave to it o a specfc tme to catch e s , or exaple .
Secondly , eople thin buying a car is a cheaper optin in h lo trm an ravlling by ublic transport every day .
However , a lot of people are becomng more and mre conscientios about how important travelling by ublic transpor is .
One of th ost imprtat reaos is prcsely to take cae of the envronment .
Using public transport edues pollution .
What is mre , whn we speak abut poution we are o oly taking bot exhaust fumes .
We also sea about noise .
I am ey hapy with te ea of encoragng public transport 's use because it mes cities a bette place to live .
If everyone travelled by bu , cties oud be quie different to the ones we kw now .
Dar al ,
To el o the truth about the concert , I dd n't thnk that it would be cool ut it was !
I really liked working ith speial effects an the best thng was that I learnt a lot abou hat technology .
I 'm lokin forward to hearin rm you !
Bet wihes ,
Sasha
Public transporatin is th most popular a of travellng to plcs .
hes modes of transportation can easily be found anywher to reach you destination .
On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient an saf .
Travelling by c is preferred by oe people because of is convenience and advantages .
For exple , r as have been tesed to ensure t safety of the assnger and the drer .
In adition to this , we do n't have to spend too much tme lokin for a bus whch wi go secificaly to our estnation .
Bu we can n deny the ft tat public transportation hs bn arund for years nd in ever country as a means of travel .
st people prefer thi kind of tranprt , especially those h can not afford to y a c .
Also , hi is th hapest way to get to yo prferred location .
I disagree hat there is no future for public transportatio as it is still wiel used all over th world .
Moreove , ts s eped a t of people , espcially those who an not aford to b a car .
Howevr , ubli transpotaion in h futue might be improvd and developed and wil still be used by may people .
The side eect of depending only on crs as ou an men of transportatn ar rmrkable .
We shoud encourage pulic transporatin all we can beause every ciy no has a huge numbe of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Hain this huge increase in cars will impct bady on publ ealh & th enironmen and infrastructre .
It is more convenient wt modern lifestyle to tavel in a car because of the privacy and independece.the remakable development of cars ' luxury features n oth options .
However , it ill be over cot in full , c service ad the effor of concetratin on drvng . All of the negaive pits can easily be aoded by using public transportation . It shol be cheaper than using yor own car , o do nt ae to lok after it , and u cn do activities hie u are on it , lie reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone cals .
The envirnental impat is an importat facto we houd consdr . aing his number of car is ke hain thousads of factories on u streets givng out tons of CO2 as and an other polluting gases . The ped of new trains or planes or en buses is no copetng wh car spes d is even faster hn crs in a lot of places .
sing pulc transportation is beter tan using individual cas , but we should put re attractiv thigs inside and shold ae ew designs and mo priay and luur facilities . Extending e use of elecic cars and other clean energy is very important ight now to reduce environmental llution as much as we can .
Hi !
How are o ?
Thanks so uc for your ast leter .
I hv nevr forgotten that funny story aot he baseball match .
It was so impressive .
Spo is really mortant .
Hp my thoughts wil be interesting o you .
As fo my ersnal exprince of ports , I do n't do it professionally .
My futue job wo n't be connect wth it .
So sport is my hby , a nice way of aving a res , sending ome new unusual lfe .
Most of all , I eny playing volleyball and badminton .
hee ws a time we I used to isit a volleyball club , t I gave it up .
I do n't nw wh xactly .
Maybe I had n't eough tie .
Badminto is wha I consider to be my favrite .
It 's easy , nterestng a fun .
You a tai ou hands , reactio d legs , becuse it rqires a lot of runig .
Usully I do thi kin of sport with my sister .
We have a great tm .
Also , I like to do differen phyical xrcises every morning .
It aks my day mor pructive .
Wen it 's ood weather , I enjo oggig near he house .
Hw could I foget bout cycig ?
To my mind , cycln is the best way of trveling .
It 's also god r the cardiovascular sysem .
I 'm absolely convicd evryone should realize that te ms important thing is thi ealth and sport relly n help .
If you want to keep your body in gd hap , yu out to go in for it .
If your fiue is nice , yo wil ve a go od , woderful feelings .
So it 's better to chooe por instead of computers in oder to relax a feel positive emotions .
The Home of the Future
Having lived duing the century whih provided humanity wth lss huses , question ponders , what wl the home of t uure look like ?
Predictable , some of th solutions il remain ntat .
Any changes would ean a resignation of comfrt .
Houses will contin to be divided into roo in order to preserve the riacy of the ocupants .
Pees of furniture , namely chairs , table n be , wold remain unchanged .
Nonetheless , change il be visbe on he interior as wll as te exterior .
uildngs will becme smaller , yet more functional and organised .
urthermore , te wll be ecologial , he main reasn ben h us of renewable soues of negy .
As a matter of fact , duction of lving space will ot be noticeale e to thinner was .
The wndws ae bound to be broader .
The ectronic devices will undergo the most obous changes .
The creen will no longer be required for the computes an TV .
All elctroic devices wl be ontrolled by the voice or thughs .
Dear S / Mada ,
I am writg this lttr bcause I am concrned bot facilities for shoppers in r area .
Frst of all , I hve to admit I am addicted to shopping nd I ealy like at thre is such an xtensive shoping area in o town .
I also appreciate tha it is located nar to t housing estate .
Unortunately , I think tee are some aspcts that deand improveents .
In my opiin , parking charges are oo high .
Furtherore , t shopping aea lacks resturants ad entertainment facilities .
People usually beco hungry after hoping , so opening eatng plaes in this ea wuld be vey beneficial .
In addition , h shops arrangemen is actuall ery mesy and finding the ore I need is hd .
I would like to propose so solutions , as well .
The parking should be fre of harg , it would attract more eopl and icreae the income overall .
oreovr , you should change h arrangement of shos d vide t whole area to certain sections ( e.g. clhes , fo , and oue ) .
Finally , oening restaurants wt differen tpe of fd and entertainment facilities like movie thetrs and gyms soud be onsidered .
Yours faithully ,
XYZ
My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
I am very lucky because no fa fom my home there ar hre parks , so I can prcise ti sport whenve I wa .
Usually I jog three das a wk and , honestly , I could n't do ithout it !
Running in cotact wih nature alows me to relax after ork an recharge my bateris .
Once I 've finished my trining , I go hm , tae a shower and ... I feel ik a new oman ! !
My advice r those peple wh want to tke up th sport is to start gadully .
hy a egin to jog r 15 minutes and then increas th time so th hei by ca get ue to the mucular efft .
Furthermore , it wol be usul to have a chronometer to check ou your imrovement .
I would lo recommend stretching after every workout to avoid any in of muscular pain .
If o prefer , yo n substitute stretching ih a few yoga exercises as wel .
Good jogging ! !
Among young people there is a statement that hoping is alwys an enjoyable way to pen your fr ime .
ersoally I do not completely agre wth this w of thinking .
On th oe nd , if ou ha one and a ot of free ime , y ca sped a day dodging in h mall or only one , special knd of skirt or pair of jas .
u if y do not ve mone , pris c only ru yr day becaus you no that yo c no afford it .
Te pies in the shops are often vey igh n clothes a nt good quaty .
And when you want to uy something fr a lower rce , you nee to go to h mall hn there re seasnal sle .
B tn everyboy ges crazy , u ned to crowd though t ob , argue wi anothe pson r one , speial pair of sos in yo size .
For me , it is just a ortre .
Also , you can be robbe beuse in cowdd pces you c easily fall prey to pickpockets .
therwise , yo need to ve tme to walk throug all h shops a find what ou ne , everything on the rk is calling or or attention , after a while ou want to buy verything .
On te other hand , if you find a ra bargain and b somehig for a very ow price , y will be happy and contn for he rt of the y .
t in my case , it hppens rarely .
Some pope do t wat to buy tings olin ecuse they at to tr on clote , for emple .
For me , it is no necessary because ever seller give the ie of his prodct ad ten I an ceck if this tin will be god o me or nt .
Also , you can always return it , li in e physical sore .
Suming up , I prefer don my shopping by means of websites or aution ortals .
There , I cn easily id hat interests me , what is in my size etc .
For me , it is an easir and faster way to y what I want , often at a betr prce .
The diagram ilstrate the process of makig ban noes .
e first ste is desig , wich includes backgrou colour , artwork n securiy issues .
Then they move to th xt step ; preparation of metl plte . Skilled machinists r needed in ths process .
Printing is qui closely reled to h fist to step , because te desg and skilled machiists should bth be consdered .
n when e eets of bnk note are eing pined , colour on oh ses , spcial k and slightly raed mages should be on the ak ntes .
The mo important step is inpetion , where printed shet hae to be inspected mnully and caefully .
It divids sheets of bank nes no thre types , whih are god qaity sheets , arially damged sheet or bank notes separated into oo and bd and a shets .
Hoeve , tere is a big difference between these three types .
If th quality of shes n ank ots is good , the ty will be packae an distrbted .
Conversely , b sheets and bank nte will be destroyd .
Dar S / Madam
My name is Elvira Vrara and I am applying fr te o in the summer cap in your advetisment .
I am a farly energetic hard - woke an , als , I knw how to spea nglish really wl n a bi of Italn .
Besides , I thk I wou be a good worker fr you because I ko to h cook an how to lok after cildren .
In addition , I am very kee on children and teach them the mvels of h envronent .
I av worked in ut - of - school activities efore and in ohe umer caps in the south of Ameica , too .
As , I have studied teaching n I practis with my father , o is a teacher . I ave been simmin since I w ie , so I could teach your cmp 's chidren aout swimming and other sports lke basketbll or hocey .
I wul like to work wi your company because I have stdied o this ad I ove it .
Besde , I ne te ney to become fre nd no longer epend on my parnts .
I am looing forward to hearing from yu .
Contact me by email .
Thank you .
Yors faithfully ,
Elvira
There are so ny options on eevision ta sometmes it 's hd to mak up your ind , do n't you think ?
You ca wth reality shws , artons and whatever o wat .
You n watch international channels and live shows around t old , something tht in te past would hve been too good to be tre .
On th othr hand , he we tik about the current programs ' styl , even toe shown on paid TV , it sems tht ohing has hanged .
Thy keep producing th am kind of progrm , the same kind of mies and oa opera .
Morver , the epetiton is massive . I e hat at eas ne a we y ca find that old seie called " Friends " , ca n't you ?
Even knoing at n o uh has canged o options nowadys still make television a very gd ool to get the amil togter d ha an enjoyable time .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writig to express my dissaisfction wit the service I received when I spnt a night at your hol on 2h March 2014 .
Frsly , I mut inform ou hat I as dissatisfied with the hoel receptionist , bcuse he forgot to plc my wake - up cal an , as a relt , I overslept nd I mssed my lght .
I ha to y a tket for the nex flight .
Frthermore , I was lat for a ery important appointment n I lot a l of mon .
I would recommend you to mpove yo standard and quality of servic and to deote ou attentio to the staff in yo reception .
I believe yu should ve this matter your uret attention .
I fe th yo should refund my costs for staying at your hoe n I eman a refund of the ost of the oer plane ticket I had to y .
I look frard to receiving your repy or I will be fore to tk legal action .
ar Sir / Mada ,
I am writing to infom you abo one of e os interesting places in u tn .
Ther re a lt outstanding views nd places wrt visiting but let me tell o about the Warrior Museum .
e Warriors Museum is the be knon museum in the region .
It ooks like a case an the ae many rom wh archery fr h 11th to the 20th century .
e torture rm is vr popular with children bu eag fans can also fin somthing to sit them .
e guides ae helpful and rany - ou can ask them any qustins n they wil anwer .
e breating landscapes yu a e from the mseu ae lso a great advanage .
The mseum is located ne the ener of the city , yu a gt there by bus in 5 minutes or walk ter in abt 15 minutes .
Tickets cos 15 zlotys for studets and 20 zltys for adults .
I hop I was hepful . I look forward to hearing from yu .
Yous fithfully ,
XYZ
My ame is Auro Archeta , I 'm rom Mexico and I 'd lik to alk about my favorit ort , " Mu ha " .
Th first time I di May Tha was 5 years ao . At th me , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself stng enough for fightn , tht 's what most youg pople thik , at east in Mexico and some other countries , a th 's oe reaon wy people do n't do Mua Thai and it is ot well kon .
Well , you huld know ha bodily strength is very important in this kind of sport , bt is no the mst imporant tig . Mntl strenth is also important ; a mix of bth srengths is necesary ; remember the body doe what the nd commands .
It was hard at h begnning , jst like wen o str doing anything new , so here re some tp if yu an to start doing Muay Thai .
Be cofient
When ou do ay sort , yu have to be confident in oursel , without confidence yu il not ae any progress .
ork on it , that 's at of entl strength .
Warm - up
Before sartng t practic you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , rih ?
Nevr give up
Mu Tai is a complete sport . You use arms , lg , elbows , knes , ft and or , th ens you hav to make a i fort .
If you do n't no how to kick or bow , as yur shiu ( teacher ) d keep doig it util you g it .
Practie
actice makes perfect . Do reseah in Muai Ta 's ulture , do resarch nto ui hai 's methods .
ll this wl help ou to mrove .
Enjo
Yu ow u ike a spot when you joy it nd you feel comfortable doig it , ht 's what I recommend ou do . Enjoy yourslf an be happy doing it , becuse May Thai is a beautiful spo !
I am an economics student at Ntional Chung eng University , which is in Taiwan .
I would li to be a grauate school student of Fiancial Accounting at The University of Texas at Auti .
The reason why I want to cange my mjor is tha I found ha I had a biger interest in Accounting than in economics whe I studied in he first year of university .
nother reason for bin a graduate school sudent is to larn more practical knowledge which can be applid in my fture areer .
So , if I can join your schol , I ill cerish ts opportunity an work ar in school .
When I a a child , my th scre was betr than in other subjects .
In the Colle Entrance Ea , my math o the highest sore .
At niversity , my accounting grade was better than others .
I hin I have a talent for numbers , an I can meoize numbers extremely well .
As a result , I joy studying accounting .
As , I hav ome wrk experience that is relevant to Accounting .
My first o wa as an assstnt to my fnancial accountin professor .
My job wa to fn the company 's financial tatement that corresponded to a nws eort .
This work needs lot of patience and time to complete .
Another jo a a part - time job in efoo Village .
My wor was to close the accounts evry day , so my caefuless hd to be improve during e time , ecuse the mny did n't belong to me .
I think patence a carefunes are two pivotal pesonl trait to major in financal accountin .
I believe my work experiene can lp me to be a beter graduate hool stdent of financial accounting .
Tis is a nervous d exciting decision fo me , but I wo n't regret it an I am ead to join the fil of Accountig an to be a graduate scol studnt .
You wo n't reget hoosng me to attend your chool !
Mke a one of th est awardees in he class .
He 's been don great in both academic and extra - curricular activities in the shoo .
He has been one of the players of basetball fom wen he was an eementary stdent untl now he 's in cllege .
As the tournament bgn , he 'd een getting hi points for his am , an bcause of ht ie conribution hy a wo t game .
It had be a ey intense n tiring day r all of them t Mke et he had achieved somethg really good ecause ortunately he was the most vauable paye too .
He 's not ol doin excellently as a student , ut he 's known as ne of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach fo he younger kids in his twn .
He wants other kids to be ispied also in everything they r capabl of doing .
So in the geneation they have somethn oo tat they contribute to society at ther very young g .
For him , it 's absolutely riht to begin dong something meaningful in their lives .
It might be a simp way but perhaps soity will be prud of wt ar they doing .
As we all know , youth is te hope of or socity nd they ha proven hat .
A istake is something yu ay do unintentionally . Howeve , peple blieve that miskes can later be impoed or ignred , whereas ometimes we ma mke isakes at could rak somebody 's heart .
Michael s a eenage . herefor , he was not mtre lie an dul , so his decisions were all emotional .
It w Christma ev and a nw gir ce to the collge .
h was not only fr but a very attractie girl .
As soon as she enered thrug the college gae , everybod as smittn by her .
Michal had a ery good old friend w h bn with i in h od ties and worse .
And they both had a great understanding . However , this innoct girl ad caught the tention of ll the viewers including these two .
Te il liked Michael 's friend , Hnr .
Michael could not diges his fact , sice he coul n compomise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty tick . He called Henry to a birthday party a too im onto e errce and puhed him oe .
Henry kept on shouting at hi to stop d not to tray his oldest friend . "
Do t do such a thng that wod ke you rret it later " , Hey sid .
Henry fl down and his head w injured . Mcael left him to blee profusely and later a pedestrian w his body , trie to eck h uls ra , b fond that he s dead .
Later , e girl discoered ta Micha was bhind the icdent .
Afte e inquiry , Mchael was u behin bars an t il wnt awa .
And ichae st a the regret all th way later
Have yu ever thugt aou wha your life will be ike in the next 50 yas ?
If you are quit yong , y an expec to be alive in 2064 .
If y are od enough , you can se how far technology has progressed in he last 20 yeas .
It 's quite amusing to r to fgur out hat life in the future could be ik .
First of all , oil shld be overce as a souce of eegy .
Provided that renewable soces a deeloped enoug , we could live without ollution .
Secondly , we c exect to lie in a hi - tch house , wih smr furnitre .
n there cou also be robots . Why not ?
he could ok f us , drive r cars , wash u dishs , ta care of our children n so on .
Medicie shoul have eaten a l of diseaes d mab it could be read to overcome aging .
On the oe hand , we could live in a oe relaxed y ; on the other hand , we could hnk about seting on other planets .
Would you ke to live on the Moon ?
Can you imgine a holiday on Mars ?
Final , you might think it will be a green , peaceful , enjoyable world .
The members of my amily r my bt friends .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll t to expln .
It is no ecret ha erybody neds at east one peson to hare hs roubles or hppiness ith .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist lays this oe .
We must y to receive a psychologit 's attenton , but frendship is fe of charge .
very day , we are looking fo riends .
It 's a wy to deal with h external word .
But wht if nbod nts to talk to yo ?
Wh if you 're aone and no one can understand ou ( and o have no money and insurace to isit a psychogist ) ?
You return hoe .
her you n cure ur sck heart .
Your parents alwas suppot an defend you . They ar happy ut to s you - the child , the result of thr love .
They treat yu fo w ou ae and know l your fault , but sll love you .
My parents are my bes friens because I can ust them , love thm and look forward to ou meetings .
Thank your prets if they ar live and think about wheher you wl be a good fiend to your fuue child .
TE LKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
The luckiest man ta y can know in Cácee is called Sego .
He is stl in his twenties n he h stuid computer engineeig .
Untl now , a h en oral in his life .
However , hn Sergio finshd is stues he was hire by Mirosot in th Uited States .
He had eveyhing that any person woud want to hv : living abroad , earning a lot of mney , having a partner , working r an international company , and so on .
Despite this , one y Sergio reaisd hat wt he ws dong was ot his true deam .
He did n wan to ean a lot of moey . Wh he really wanted was to earn enough mny to trave around te world , and o a ob whic does ot allow hi to do his hobbies , lthogh it ges him a o of oney .
Then Sergio le Mcrosft , created his o wesite which gave i enough mey , d traelle wherever he wanted .
Now he is a fams person on e internet because of his blog : ' Le to the fulles ' .
Frm : Rfa
To : Alex
Subject :
Srry that I haven't written bfore t my mothe has een using the computer al the time for wrk ad I had to wait unil she fnished her wor .
First , I thk th 's a fanastic idea to go to te n actiity cente . We 'll enjoy it a lot and discover new places .
Souds perfe to me !
As yo asked me , I prefer ailing on te rve to climbing a all because I wn to connect with nature .
If we have extra ime , we can do the other activiy if you want .
At night , we a stay at home , as u said , nd ls we a y cocolates n atch a movie . Tat 's great r me !
t you c tell me thr options wh I ce to your oe .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parens ca n't brig me to or home on Friday evein because it 's my grandfather 's irtday .
Te population gws , wth me business kyscrapers , residential houss and advancd transportation , at the cost of diminishing frmand and wetlnd as wl as deforestation .
Though the moder cies e emerging apidly , he problems caused by excessively eploiing e envronment a seerey various .
It is cler tat hbitats fr all kinds of wldlif are vanihing as te bio - diversity decreases .
The d coal reef off the coast of Australia , f instance , servs as a sheltr fo agae and other ti sa fshes and an index of enviromental fragility .
ue to the massive contructio of fiv - star htls on bahes , h bilogical chain there is cut o and environmental variations are gone awa .
On tp of ta , it is the reulaion capaities of the environment for temperature , oiture and even sanstoms a eodng as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen io h whoe system .
Wa 's more , extreme weather occurs with EL IO periodically cusing catastophic floo in northern ctie in hina ad long - lasting drught in Soth American .
Becaus the popuation deniy is inreasng all the time currently , h loss tigered by thes disasters are damaging ad unaffordabl o any sigle family .
In a d to ddress these ide effects that civilizaion ha bught bot , gornments mst take maures step by step to ackle tm .
First , gorning authoritie houl se up protction areas for animals d plants , bannin hunting or evn leisure activities like ikin .
Art from the natural area , the minimal areas f forests a wetland have to be ensred .
Seconl , t gvernment must fnd environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more pwer to tp llegal hunti , deforestation a nimal extincton .
Furtherore , h governmet shuld go o of thi way to stand unie in sc a way ha joint endavours cn be effective gloally .
In oncusion , governments ae supoed to balance modernization n sustainable developmnt .
ello Paa
I want to tell you bou the conet at my sool . It wa really ool .
We prepared for it for a ln time , bt I had a wonderful experine .
I leared to decorate the sag a w costumes .
My rend Me hwed me o et to pa the ro of now White . It as ery funny .
We had hard ys oo . We argued , u thn quikly made up .
Duri e concert , one boy forgot t script and began to improvise .
A the audience beg to laugh .
The concer ws ey good .
The course is goin to finish , so th teaer wants us to go out to a resurant .
e choie was n't easy because th eacer is egetaran .
In h end , we ecded to go to a rstauran nea the school .
The oners cook l types of uisine d we a go there after he lesson .
The atosphere is fridly and familiar .
e prices are o expensie a the od is vry goo .
Ter a not many tabls , but we ar oly seen eope a ths is n't a roblem .
There is also a garden outdoos whre we ca spend a pleasant ime tgether ater nch .
We will go thre next Monday .
I av booked a tabl for eight peoe because our bos ll come o .
We ill et a egue soup as a starter , a boild fish with geen salad as t main course and a dessert at the end .
I have jus fixed the price per ersn .
We are going to pay 15 euros p persn .
I think it wll be a onderfu way to finis u Englsh ourse where we hav surely imrove in ritig , peaking nd listenig .
Threfoe , I wa to say a special thank you to or teacher .
In my ae , ong popl hav a lot of tions .
I see ms of the ike to sy in the ak downown urig te afernoon whn the wethr is od .
If he weter is n't good enough , they can fid a ot of cafes open fro mrning until ate at night and here , if the re old enough , they c aso orde alcoholi dinks .
There are ny kinds of cfes , on for those who like spots , art , literature or music .
At the " of Notes " , o cn hear muic paed lie vey Fiay and Sudy evenng .
A lot of kids lke to go to the ark next to t hurch : it 's not related to religion , here vry cild is free to ome a la .
In ti plc , ther are gy d girls attening pdagoy o ornize atvities to enertin cidren of every g .
Th most poplar restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where y can t delicious pizza with the topping you like bet .
While waiting r it , you ca play video games in he basement .
Nowadays the tp of transport tat yo e is a concering matr fo dscusion .
Publi transpr includes buss , trains , d subway , but cas , bicycles , taxis e no fogotten .
At th mont of choosin , very different pects , like ecological effects , conomc viability a en time uses , take part in the decision .
Firstly , the a optin is h bes one in terms of comfort , because you do t depend on a specific tm to travel d odern cars have th bt technology in equipment an facilities .
Then pubic tansport is ot as comfortbe as the orer , becaus if yu 're lucky , you an fn a plce to it nd oret it if it is in te rus hur .
On the ther hn , trffc is the biggest roble when talking aout transport , the a 's onveniences are replaced by h need for puctualty and , eending on he cty , dels r a oncering oin we we talk about travelling by bus or train .
However , the economic aspect is ery important to coider when we talk aout conveiece . Car a h mo epensie mode of traport .
ot only eause of oil prices , but also the costs of insurance , the r , t parking fees , etc .
In comparison with a bus ticket tha costs our pes and o a sure tha sooner or aer it wil coe .
To sum up , neither cs nor ublic transport ae considered th perfct option , u considring th lo tem consequences , as is common nowadays in som Europen countries , cycles ar he best y .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , sts , colgical impac , and vn ca crash .
So , wh r yu wating to y a bicyc and put a helmet on ?
Dear ane ,
it 's so kd of y to ed me my fvourie Gswegian postcards !
Say hll to Anne from me ad el her I ca n't wi to have o bt ee in Rm !
Wel , to start wit , I 'd lie to attend an intensive English couse ; u know I 'm fnd of foreign languages n een on learning English as much as I can .
I fancy living in a family n nt in a college or in a hared lat as it ll give me t opportunit to be continuously in ouc with English people , ay an nig ; he , it is th idea soltion for me : you no I 've recently en gie the sack !
at about lookn for colleges which ofr Wi - fi Internt connection a a proper meal at unc ?
I 'm a gred guts !
ooking forward to receiving ou nex letter , and on tenthooks aout t inormation you 'll provid .
Micael
Fashion , clthes stl , trendy apparance , mke - up , ha ...
Ma peopl think tha h first impresion we gi and our appearance r ey imprtnt in our lves ; b , shoud it be like ti ?
It is certainly te that people are very critical of appearances .
We have subjective opinions ; we normally udge because we ae a preconceved id .
We mtch clothes stye with a lfestle n a prsonalit .
Tha is wh appearances should n ave consequences in r lve .
Ms people would gree that fashion is omething tha pas a pr in or day - to - day lives .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous peole wea or that appear in the againes .
However , there ae peopl ho do not follow that , and te wear the most comfortable othes fo them or th style they like most .
I thik at her re an different ccasios , n each one eqires a dfferent type of coths .
Fr exampl , in work interviews and jobs hat have direct contact wih he public , it is better to wear a formal or smart stye .
And the same applies with arties , festivals , sports n other evnts .
Overall , my personal opinion is that we gie too much imporance to lothes and appearance ta we should .
lthough on some occains some clothes styls re required , peope should hae he eedom to chose what clhes they wat to ear , and it should n ve onsequences in our lis .
The death of public ransportatin
People do not thn abt the environment , thy only tin about t time that they will spn in the traffic . Scientists say the e society c be cled " te fat scety " eause the people do nt want to do any exerce , people do n walk anymore , people just use elevaors , t .
A o of convenience , ti is the reason h there is no futre fr ubic transportation , eople do nt want to spend a little tme walking to te bus station or to e a c . Al , th service on pubic transportation it is not vry good ecause of many thing lie the inflation of prices , th way that e bus or cb drivers refer to the people , the wy te bs or cab ivers drive , t .
In counres like exico , some people have e opportnty to use Uber , wih is a service that ou can use if yo have a cedit cad . It is an amazing service , u t al the ppulation have a car or the finanial staus to use an Uber , so people have to use public tranportaton , no matter if the us or ab drvr ells at them or drivs badl . In Mexic , he publc transportatio , in partiular th bs , are nt a ey secure services , ecase some of e drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations th could kill you if yo do not take pecaution . But despite hs , it is ve d hat in that place peole n not do some hing because they do not have te possibiliies to pay fo somthng mr , so tey have to ke ubic transport .
In counries ke the United States of America , eople hav h opportunity to hve a c or a privilged scal status , so o the American eple , public transportation does ot matter . They have th possiilty to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide or convenience .
e future of public tnsportation c be death or c be in gowh , it dends on our point of view . In Mexico , mye it will nvr de , but in e nied State h pubic tansportaion is now dying .
Anna kne tha it was goin to be a very speal dy fo her .
She woke up and at once she el something ws making her happy .
Sh wt to te ktchen n saw a beautifuly prepared breakfast .
he wonderd h coud have made such a pleasant urprise .
Suddenly , he reembered tt or three days she had en living with Chuc - h boyfriend .
She ate breakfast , dressed n went to work .
Te y was very unn an cloudless .
It was e frs day of spring d everything wa coming to ife .
Flowers wee in ver colour of th rainow , he leaves on the trees we turnig green .
hen she got to the ofice , she saw on her dek a ot in a eart shape .
Anna opened it a rd : " This y will roably be h best day of yr life " .
he smiled and thought that it ws a joe .
But moments later , sh found a second etter with the sae shape .
Se opened agai d agin red : " Meet me at 11 at te fountain in the ar " .
Anna loked at her watc and went as fas as e could run to te prk .
It transpired that at the fountan stoo Chck , waiting fo r .
hn sh got closer , he knelt on one ne and aid : " ill y mry me Anne ? " .
She was shcke .
She a rn t of ord d just nodded her hd , which eas : " yes " .
Together they wn back oe an spent e ret of th d tgethe .
At the end of he day , she said : " ou 're right .
It 's e best day of my life " .
Sarh ad Stephan e friends at the same shol and so nighbors .
On afternoon , they were on te way home .
Sarh a concentrating on her cellphone , ad Stephan ws litening to muic loudl on i MP3 .
After a w miuts , Sara was chatting hapily on the cellphone ad di n't s there s a tree in front of her , so se bumped int he tree and rt e head .
Sarah yelled loudly fo ep , ut Stephan id n't ntice or her th , so he kept on walking n lisening to i music .
Fornately , there a a mohe it her child strolling behind them , ad e saw arah ge hur .
They took hr to the hospital .
Stphan ws sll listein to musc a crossing t street .
But he s n't aware that he traffic lighs had turne e , so a car could n't go through .
The an in te car wa vy aoyed and pressed on is on seriously , but Stephan d n't hear that .
e man got ou of te car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and p attention to ting around him .
o until Sephn fund tat arah w lost did he call her .
And he fnd u that Sarah wa in h hospita .
Stepha went to the hospital immediately to s o Sarah was .
Luckily , Sarah was ine becus the woan who was walking behind the had caled the ambulance at once .
Stephan was glad ha Sarah was lrght a also thaful to th woman .
After the incidents , nt only Sarah but also Stphn realized how dangerous it is we y focus on technological gadgets instead of the things aroud you .
Th are boh etermine to pa more atntion to their surrondings .
Bok Rview :
Te Hunger Games
I have jst rad h first book in a trilogy calld T Hunger Gaes .
It is an action thrille written by Suzanne Collins .
Wn I started reading I old nt put it dn because it is a fasinating tor th grabs o .
The story takes ace in a contry called Panem which is loced in what wa nce nwn as Nort Arica .
Katniss , the potagonist , is a teenae girl of 16 wh ha been orced to oah to fd her famil since hr father died
An increasing number of eople have begun to iscus succes in school or wok , n whthe havin an ability to adap or adjus to conditin or circumstances is mor important an having xcelent knowledge of a ield of study .
ny people air the pinions ase on their own value syste .
Th majoriy of peopl tend to cam that hain excelent knowledge of h reearch field is the mst imprant r schl or work success .
However , dos th cam raly ig true , conoring the rel stuaion ?
I find myself not in agreement with such an ide .
It is my cnention hat eole h hav e abity to aapt or adjust to oditions or circumtances have a higher likliood of being successful in school or work .
As far as I am cncrned , hre are a number of asons to support my view .
To begin wih , acquirin nowledg in today 's orld is o the difficult thing tat it s in t pt .
That is to sy , t inentin of the internet made it available to everyon in the world .
People a easl obtain h ltest nowldge by owning a computer ht ca aces the network and aving the abity to read .
In other words , the way to get knowledge is equal r evryne in e world .
Ta is w it should not be the key pot tht is considered e ey to succes .
In additon , education hs already cossd he weth gap .
To explain , tere is a rend ht may unirsities all over the world set up free courses fr people who thirst for kowlege , ls oten invitin famous scholars to ie a speech to te pblc th is open to everyone .
Pple in mdern socey have a lo of resources to further rearch the fiel of sudy that they are itereste in .
Tus , everyoe c be an expert .
Excellent performance in te field of study is o a determining factor for your sucess .
A case in pnt would be th ates news bradcast recenty .
According to the investigation conducted by h 04 hma reouce bank , the perentag of people sing te knowlede in the wld of work that ty leat from school h surprisingly deceased in the last t decades by ouhly hirty percnt , a figure th has neay o half copared to tt of a half - century ago .
To put it simply , te things tha school teach us are no onger ued in h ral world .
Ths phenomenon h een curiouly many experts .
Dos knowledge from scho mak any difference in the orl of wrk ?
Hoevr , after eeper analysis , we found that the ver underlying contributing actor ies in te fast changing world and the text oo can o atc up wih it . Knowledge hangs fro tme to tme .
Hence , this rsarch reminds us ha the ability to adapt or djust to changing conditions or circmstances is the ajr factor for success rather th of hving excellent knowledge of a iel of suy .
In sum , there ma be sme people who may disagree wih my position on ths atter .
They may y that having excellnt knowledge of a fied of stud is the wy to ucceed in shool or work .
owever , I think the easons I ave provided in favor of my viewpoint r stronger .
In tis essay , I will discuss whether oldr or younger parents are eter .
Nowadays , the statistics shw tat many arents are yoner than in generatios before .
I tin thr a more ounger parents because they do n live in a relgious ultue ich is ar more strict .
Prevously , most women used to hv a baby fer marrying ther partners . But tod , it is not so mportat anymore .
ver hild wishes to have youg parents , bu is it reall better ?
Actually , teenagers are right because yougr parents have a sronger reationshp wit thei children .
prt from th , h sml iffeence between ages is as an advantag .
Although they ve les experience , they ecognize ht a chld wats to do .
On th other hn , a diavantage is tht young prent ar no able to poect tir childrn without havng experience of that .
At my g , oug parent and I have in comn that we go out in the evenngs .
From my point of vi , olde parents can give better advice in every difficult situaton .
So the cid grs up ro a teenager to a midle - aged adlt and a always loo up to hs / hr rents .
Howver , progrs in dolescence is impornt for h ex stage of life , so I blieve both are god at bringig up their chldre .
To onclud , y an not hage your parents anyway .
It had bn a vey log and tirin da , but m elt he a achieved somethin ally od .
om had faith this d wul be better than t thers .
He had n't ecovere yet from e ls scare he had tha ay .
He at on his chair nd looked out of the window .
" ..... " he looked at his hads .
He was shakig .
He hook his head and loke at e ceiling .
He stared to do his homwork , ut he ad trobl concentrating as h emoris came back to hs mnd .
" I ca't ... do it " , he slammed his hd on the desk .
" I ca n't . "
He looked at t athrom door and waled over to it .
He urned e lights on to se his ae .
T se ae as alwa .
hn he lked down , he s somthing on te loo .
It was a oe .
" Tm . Tom . Tom . o , " it said .
That scared him .
It could n't be him again ...
He turned te note to see mething .
" 19 - 215 " .
He felt it gain .
The same feeling he a whe he saw it .
He fell backward a whn he looked up , he a it again .
" Tom . You e imolte .
ou e late for ou eth date "
Everybody has got me ideas abt how to live their own life .
It is ry important to ink about posibilitis that coul creat yur frtun .
There a two thngs tat most influence my life .
First , thre is my famil at helps me to make a ood dision . I have lived with my huband fr moe than n years , so we know ac oth well engh to support eac other .
A big family is a great bsis f livin hapil togeter nder one roo , ut secrets are strictly forbiden .
If sobody in my famy ss me f elp , I ed to kn he who true , witout y poteial lies .
Ta is h I teach my childn to pa fair .
On he other hand , there is one other very important thng in my life - health .
I am more ta hpy that I am healty and my fmily mmers are ealth as well , because heah is the most precious thin in the worl .
There is only one thig in he world ha yu can t buy nd that is ealt .
It is well known to the hoe world that healh is fir to the rich and or euall .
In concluon , if I hav to think abou one ing , wch is mre imrtant in my ife than th her one ,
I will always choose heath , because when a peron is healthy , he or she can do anything .
There are oe solutions to revet h rise in h consumption of sar - sweetned drinks .
Th first solution is to chag th portion sze of of rinks , whch mean saller sz of beverages cod contain les ugar .
The National Nutrition Surve(1995 ) points o that mt consumption of beverages fo a teenager r day is sugar - sweetend oft drinks .
Therefore , the chanin orton size of sft dris uld be efiient to reduc sgar inake for enagers eac time .
The limitatio of ti sotion is the public ay not be saisfied wi this size of sof ink .
To overcome that , te prduce of soft drinks could ae a investment to teenager what size is uitable before changing it .
This would ep t teenagers who drink soft bverages decrease suar intake efficiently .
nothe solutin to th problem wold be education .
Family dcation wul be introduced to their kids .
e National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) repor that teenager re the mai sof drinks consumers and the most popular beverages ar sugar - sweetened drinks .
Parents ' words are y to restricting teir kids ' actions .
If prents educate heir children to ke away from of dinks or cultivate h awarness of diking water .
hey il not onsume uc a arge number of beveraes .
Howeve , children my gt soft drinks outide t amily .
That requis prents building a model to show positive effects of ling without of drinks .
Therefore , hir kis would follw eir pants ' abits and eaviors .
In conclsion , inreaing consumption of soft drinks is o of t issues to protec people fom obity .
A number of srategis ould be efficient to address hese problms .
Teenagers re the main tare wo drink too man soft drinks .
Therefore , paets ' education ad cangng porton size could be uefu to address he problems hih arise round teenger .
If we ae these measures son nd keep them up or a lng me , obsity will ot happen in t net geertions .
We cn say that Coyle 's idea is well deveped thanks to two fetres that r tough th caper and the enire book : ist of al , man sigificant refeencs nd specialized people are mentned to dein what " dep ractice " is ( a psychlogist , some experts in thir on fld , authors who have alrdy analyzed that particular toi … ) ; secondly , but no lss important , Coyle himself collected ms of his information while visiting at leas nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) whe talen grow , as a sot of colecton of dt gathered from laboratory experiments .
As a consequence , theoy d examples poceed togeter in sh a natural way , that th reader must noubtedly exclaim , as if sh / he er before a Sherlock Holmes invetigation : " at 's it !
It as to be that a !
Coyle 's ght ! "
In my dy friendships were easily md with neighbours , schoolmates n social club frids .
Althuh we i o ae the current oial communiation men such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were ver incere and cose to ah oth , more thn thee virtual friendsis reviling today .
I have alred experienced n friendship hroug an organiztion , International Youth Service IYS , a chritale association established f youth friendship .
In which we ad to wat mor an thirty ds to send nd receive one mssge that n be exchanged ths days with one button press .
I ve personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that yer , I staed a n frndship with a German girl called Claud who a 17 years old then .
e surprise is , ody I am 44 yas old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspon wit each oher through t modern mans of Facboo and Whatsapp . Of cors , we can no longer wait fo thirty ds when we cn chat a see each othe live .
In my cuntry , I ha had o cse frieds sice we were abu 7 yas old d we til have a strong friendship n .
It is n necessary to are wi ah othe on verything wre we always debate nd challenge hos opnon is correct .
Meanwhile , we support ach other in crise , rgular life rouble an icknes .
Real friendships that e ever - lsing like what I actully made with my t be friends , should be founded on trt ad faith .
The est of all in real friendships is to always blive in your fren 's abilities and be h real irror or good and bd actions . He will be the same for y .
ate or Hate
As I am in my le 2s , I 've fund it hard to find a sprts activit that would be neither as compettive as those in faion in my country nr as demanding , so I could do it in my free te .
One fe summer 's day , I was walkin along te stees of a coasta ciy whe al of a sudden I ame across a so ha cauht my e .
In one of he windows I found a skateboard a along cae te memories of the year 200 and e MTV channel that I was bougt up on .
I thought to myself at could be a challenge an , wt no send thught , I prchaed the board .
It is sine hat day tt I av tied to skate as uc as possible ad I love evey moment of it .
It is funny how sc a simple civity n brin so muc joy int a peron 's mind during e well - dserved breas .
I sugget playing sf and big patient .
No fuure fr public transport ?
n use of yo o ca istea of pblic transpot sae you money , time nd efor ?
Most people prefer a ar rather ta public transport .
However , the latest studies show a car is nt aways mo eficiet .
The rgt coice of means of transort has a bi impact on your time and reourcs .
In deciding whether to hose a car or public tnsport we need to consider man factors , suh as length of journey , time of dy we travel , area we travel through , nmbe of us , wathe etc .
because here are ses where a car is uc more efficent ta pblic tanport , a the other way round .
Recent studies fud hat ravelling from a ubub to e ity entr is much oe efficient when ombning a bik ith a train .
It saves pleny of time by avoding raffi jams and tere is no need to search for a paing space .
In addition , travelling by train aes a great ea of moey as tee is no aking fee .
Moreovr , tere re discounts fo regular journeys .
On he othr hand , studies showed , in many ther ass and especially in irregular trips it is moe convenient to use a ar .
A car is unbeatale o ts flexibility .
It is mc eair to use a car wen goin shopping , or mkig a leiur or ccaional ip .
Athugh there are soe disdvantages to using a ca , suh as trafic jams an hig maintenance costs .
All in ll , in os ces , using your ow c can save y money , time and efort .
e populrty of crs conrms it .
In spit of tat , sudes say there are ases in which public transrt is nbeatable .
Thereore , it has a safe place in our society .
T use of publ trnsport s beco an important issue nowday .
Ter are hose ho ry to avid h use of public transport a prefe dving their own ca due to e advantage it offers .
Howee , there are those who reject tis and e in favour of th use of pubic transprt .
I am going to explain why I think there is no fuue for public ranport .
A gra number of people think at driving yor own a hs me benefits than usn public transport .
Fstly , it alows you to go somwhere directly , withou inding ut information about the tmeables of pubi transport sc as buses or trains .
In addition , sometimes u he to combine bh of ese in rder to rive on time at your workplace .
Another bneft of nt using public transport is t time ou n sv .
o instance , if ou have to go to another it by bs or train to reah ou workpace , the time y wase since you set f increases .
Saving time in he mornings allow you to see re or to sped more time wth your family .
Morever , the use of your own cr s more advantages . Travelling by car prevets yu eting wet we the weaher is aiy .
If you travelled by bus or trai , ou uld robabl spd moe time walking along t steet to your fna dstinatin .
Despite the ba weather , if u traveled by ca , ou coul park yo car nar your destination , so that you could arrive comfortbly .
Howver , there are some pope who prefer the use of puic transport insed of sin th car .
The governmnt sully adise the population to use pulic transpor to cut dwn pollution an he amoun of gases wic damage the atmosphere .
In additin , it is often claimed th it is cheper than travelling by c .
Alhugh it has sme eneits , in ot parts of the conty , especially in the smallest tow , e public ransport is no developed enough .
To sm up , I believe that publc transport hs no future because it maks you waste a lot of time , it is not developed eouh in small area ad trins and buses e no freqent eogh .
In my opinion , it cld be ueful hardly ever times , so a grea number of improvements wl be necesry .
.H. Lawrence 's sayn " Nobody ought to o houses or furnitur - ny more thn ty own te stone of he high road " is an abiuous saying that questions te need of the pole rearding a high nuber of operties .
First of all , to a certain egree , I agree with th da of controlling the aximum number of propertes n hold in one 's grasp , beause th enies the posibility of exhausting the space that can hold anoth aily .
This speaks to the idea of t government or another organizton having control ver houses ad their furniture an making te peple liing there on t owners of her w goods .
This is an ntersting concept because it c gie he overnment the money it nes to solve ts her probles and doe n't necessarily rak ay ue of persona pace .
Secondly , as I sad , " to a certain degre " , the ida of controlling eope 's hices regarding houe coce d what they c do wth eir hoses takes away a bit of ther freedom , wich is h complte opposite of ht we should do .
Mankind has always striven o fredom in ne way or another , and taing way control over thir on house , their sanctuary , will o be takn lgtly by em .
In conlusion , I can nt say wethr or not control over people 's ouses and furniture will rig any lp in today 's society , as we ar only peakng hypothetically , thout any form of testing . However , it doe have its stng nd weak points .
Dear Mr ... ,
Frst , I at to resnt myself . My name is Daiel and I 'm 16 ear old .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hoe tht I 'll do it well .
I hink tht I 'm god r this o , becaue I really scializ with children .
I like orgaising activities and ames to make people enjoy their time .
I 'm a cheerful person , so I would attmt to gie my bst to kep the attetion of the children .
lo I 'm vr responsible ad hardwrkng , so I would take ce of h chidren and I would do my tasks he be I could .
Fially , I want to say that ti is an important opportunity f me to lar ad to do n things .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
Sncerely ,
Daniela Conti
In hi article I am going to wrte aout my avourte srt , foball .
I ove football because it 's a tam sot .
You feel tha ou are a pa of e team n everyone is together .
It 's alo a rally fun sor to ay .
It 's really un when we e playing r dfferent cps . Gohia , o exmle .
It is e world 's biggest youth cu n is hel in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup is Sweden 's second bigest u n is called " iteå Summer Games " and it is shtened to " S " .
Both cups are really fun to play in , and it 's really u to go a in the cups .
My advice or pele that r going to start ootball is that ou just hve to do your bs .
A ty to be a art of the tea . he it 's more fun .
Ad wen a footbl training session goes adly , ou mst n't complain to muh about it .
Jut keep oin and try to do it gan .
Of orse , you migh be agry , but it 's nt a b el .
Everyone mes mtakes sometimes , en the bet plars in the worl .
And finaly , it is realy fn to play .
Wll , h part of h d that I enjoy t mos is nighttime because it 's when I arriv at home an I av finised my woe outine , so I cn take a break ad I can do whatever I wt and I can just relax , so I would say at nighttime is he mo relaxi prt of my da , so it is the on I le most .
I hnk tre are things you ned to plan ecause it 's mporant for yor life , b it depeds on the situation , beaue I also like to e this be nd let them hpen because the hv to hppn , so h majority of the time I prefer not to think aout it ad just e them happen and not to pln anyhng . ut if it 's omthing rlaed to my future or something tha will really affect me , I prfer to pn it , like hat kind of job I want to do or about my dgree or ings lk that .
Sport centr
The sports centre in Ondara has visitors rom several vllages and rom all age groups .
This cenre ofers various ativities , lie swmming oo , padle , ennis , ritmia gm , jud , llet ...
Furhemore , it h various coahs and a perfect tmetable f prents that are busy in the daime and for young pele that eed to go to classes afer lesson .
This building is ner the fotball itch and basetall court .
In my vie , it is a goo location becaus children can do different after - scho activities withot moving too muh .
Moeover , it is easie for parents .
I want to emphasize that , thaks to its full schedue n the number of coache , adult , as well as children , n do different acivties at the me ti instead of ving to wait .
On the ohe hand , the nl disadvantage I c see is that there are n't activities for l people .
Tis etre shod provide activities that do n require much physical effrt fr tes kins of people , like etanqe or something like that .
Fnally , to ay tha it is a perfect sports centr and inexpensive , including a range of ativities .
A friendship that en never started
ou knew him for years or will et im in a year .
Finds are imortant and mke yur lie hapir .
Wh o are in a opeless situation , they hve the right advice .
I have known my best frins since my childhood .
Thomas , aid and I were neighbours nd ge up in an ordinary quiet illae .
We spent a huge amount of tim together .
Tomas is looking for a thrilling j .
David is at a boarding school in Br nd il inish ext summer .
Thomas is a all and ine felow .
He is one of the most persevering people I know .
David looks ring at rst sight , but in fat he is etty .
His oy is lrge n broad like an elephant 's .
David is alwys ready o a jk , t amazngly , he a the abilty to appear srous .
homs is a calmer persn and has control over circumstances .
Wen we mt and h two frends r walkin side by side , they look lk Lare and Hry .
I fl really gl to hve fries who hae tie if I nee soething .
I really do n't le to travel by trin or by boat .
My fvouite wa to travel is by plane .
It 's the fastest a most comfortable w to get to yr avurite destinatio .
I specialy lik to hav a first class sat on a plae .
It really feels ike y are in a five - ta Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 000 meters above h grond .
If you need s nd wa weather , yo only need to si on a lan , njoy yur flig and take a reak from your buiness and frm wr .
I do n't like to trvel by ot , because it 's uncomortable and it takes ages till you arriv at your destination .
Travelling by train is nt an pion for me .
It ften hapens that somoe jus in fron of it and ou feel the virtion when he train reak the one of he dead person .
I would like to talk abu a damon jewellery t that I iftd to my wf on our las wedding niversary .
Ti is a st including one diamond eklace , one dimond pndant it a unique ape , on ar of erring wih diamonds nd on ring for e rg finger .
T metal us in ti set is 18k whie go .
Te tool to ommnicate wth foreigners .
Nowadays it is mor commo tht people sped time learning noter language .
There mht be many rasns : for school , buiness , or just fr private interst .
Fo my pronal experiene , I a ay that if you earn a foreign language like English , yo wo n't have a prblem wen you go abroad on hoiay .
On the ote an , hen y learn another languge the 's ot nl bnefits bt also drawbacks .
You mght spend tie and money learnin a language .
I wn to lrn nglih , and I go to colleg tice a week .
However , I must pay the fee and evr evening it 's my commitment to study something or do my hmeork .
I sugget that all youngsters who want to learn another language ugh to go abroad .
I 've ive in the nied Kingdom for mor han oe year and I 'm learni betr than when I was in my country .
Young people shoud have an expeience li his .
Hi Jo !
How ar you ?
I 'm very happy to ear your news !
If yo would ie to pen some ti travelling , my cotry , Spain , is a fantastic pla , because the weather is good most of the year .
Tere are eautiful cities to visit , like Madrid , Barcelona , Satiago , Valencia and ll t cities of Andalucia , the south of Spa .
In Andlucia , h pope re cheerful a elcoming to urists .
I 'm rom Córdoba , so I wll tell you about the most amous sights in my city .
Cordoba is a thee hour rain ride sut of arid , and attrats visitors om l over e wod
Córdoba is ot as big as Madrid or Svilla , but I lv it .
The main attraction in Córob is the Mosue . It is a biding here Ctholic and Arai elemets are mixed .
It is the onl Mosque in te world that is n oriented towads Mcca .
Outside of t Mosque o ca e narrow streets with flowers and a Romn brdge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
or a job , i recomend ou travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Hulva and look f a job on h beac , eause at h am time as u a on e beach , o oul earn mone .
Wl , it 's time to go .
Wite soon !
Lot of love ,
Lía
Peter lookd at i atch and knew that he hd to do somethng immedatly .
Th bob was going to blow up in a few inutes .
he train was still moving too fas to jmp ff nd soon it ould be arriving in Milan central sttio .
A in all , he would n't be abe to stop the device .
ny a few on seconds spent thinking abou wt he had to do : he a to save h passengers .
He desperately ran through the train towards the rier .
He tried to push the door that led to th fnt of he enge , but it s locked from the inid .
A cd chill ra down his nec .
He was sard .
He wanted to cry .
Desperately he started to kik th oor , furiously , bind it rae , harder , faster .
Th door oened .
Then he w the drvr was lying dad in his chair .
He d be ot in the ed .
Fortunatey , a voe ro he radio ws trying to contact h man .
In a urry , he dashd to the microphone and answered e control stion .
" Wee are the bres ? "
No in te disnce he could see he first kylines of the ciy .
he train finly stopped .
Tht da he became a ero .
He saved 20 people an among them he met the girl that 5 ers latr beame i fe .
I pyed basketball r three years and it was a great experience a I a a lot of u .
I enjoyed laying basketbal , ot only because I wanted to pay a spr , but also because it 's a healh w of lving .
If you pla a sort , you iproe your abilities beaue you 're wring in a am in which l he players have th same aim in the gam : innng te atch .
The advice tht I wod ge eopl hat would lik to start playing tis sport is that they should hae a bt of experience of working in a team that is ll of new pople .
The ot imorant thing that a person should know about tis gae is at a ot of intelligence is required , because yo must now how to reach , o to get nearer to maing your aim come raliy , and that is hat te team should score as ofte as they c to n the match and have fun .
In my opinion , this pot il awas be my favouri , because it made me fee apy an he a grea time with my frind , ad it so kept me in good shape .
Da Sir ,
I am writin to you in response to yo dverisement which I a on the notceboard of your schol .
I am appying for this position because I would like to wrk as an organizr .
I think it will nric my CV .
In my opiion , I am the perft andidat fo this aancy .
irst , I hve achieved a good lee of Enlish becaus I have lied in t UK since July 201 .
I like manging te conversaion in a goup .
I ill perm everybody to explain his point of vew .
Al I ie watching every kind of ilm .
If ou ed a reference about me , o can contact rs Georgie , my Engish teachr .
I encoe my CV , which ives full detail abut my experience , ablity and kills .
I am looking forward to herng from you .
our sincerel
I srngly beliee that research has valuable enefits o socety and the envronment .
For eample , mking ife better d more cmfortale .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is o of the good soures describing at reseach means .
He mentioned an iportant point of doing oo researh .
Fit of all , researches should be iterested in wh ty r dig .
Being interested in the area of research eads to innovation nd optimizes ideas tt alreay exit .
Scond , critical thinking , wch is dep hining about the proem a e ay to solve it , is an mportan facor in successful research .
Also , honesty , originality , whch is te bilit to tink critically , indpendnce nd creativity , n precision make research more valuable .
Moreover , workng as a ea fr researc , allos esearchers to an ot of research benefits .
Suc as idea and learning more about h est etods to analy daa .
All membrs of the tam will e benefits an push each other to achieve the ga by ivng some advic and more informaion .
In adition , clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific papers re e w to presnt , share , and discuss the ideas a rults wi othrs in a scintifc environent .
lo , seinrs re ohe good sources to come up with nd sten to a new idea .
xchaging ifomation with othe reseachers , via scienifc papers or emiars , sometimes provides soluions fo other resarhers ' problems .
Researhers should no give up hn ey ace diffcult poblems with h reserh and should keep tryig different ys to lve them and hy will do it in the end .
To conclude , there a some important eseach principles .
Whenever researcher consider most or l of them when orkng on th research , researchers il get results wih a ih recision .
Researchers expeince their research as an enjoyabe activit .
Ther are two choice to travel : in ur on car a by publc transport .
I prefer to travel by c for these reaons :
First , I cn travel in my own car weneve d hereer I want .
r exampe , if I travel to my ompany by bus , I must be on time nd follo the s schedule .
Sometime , the bus cheule is ot suiable for me .
Maybe he bus cos too early or too late f me to go to work .
Traveling by car , I cn coose the time .
Moover , I can coose my o route to go to wr .
I an op at my favorite cffee sop to bu dinks o beakfat .
Second , I fel comfortable when I trael in my wn ca . I at to travel by public transport becue it is soetimes o crowded and noisy .
In rush hous , I do o have a seat and I stand a the ime for half an hu .
In my own car , I can relax with usic and njoy fresh ar .
Furhermor , I do not worry about tet or any crime which used to ppen whe I traveled by trai .
enerally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
owevr , I find traveling in my own car h may moe advantge tan dsadvantages .
Terefore , I thnk pbli transport wil dispear in the futur .
Dea aul ,
As I td you beore , last month I ws heling at a concert of e geatst and in the wod - Aasfera .
I was so happy hen I herd tht they ee coming to atoice !
Immeditel , I contacted tir manager , akin if they could do with some hlp .
She said that thy woud ed smeoe h c take ca of heir perormance outfits .
Tht s sch a good dea !
Nt only a I clse to tem , I s alo dong somethin I 'm really good at !
Th day before te concert , I m the band memrs , n we started tryi on loths r the next day .
We had so muc fun !
They urned ot to be suh wondrful pepe . ey traed me like an ld frend , aking jke al the tme and even invited me to eat dinner with thm .
On h d of te ocert , I met t band two hour before the stat . I ironed all h cltes , I even did the girls ' ai .
When th cncrt hall ws full , th band came on te stage .
In he spotlights , they l looked so beautiful !
I felt like tha as partly my doing .
I was part of e tem .
ha w wa I particualy likd about tht experience !
I w dacing d snging l throh the show , an fer , te manager cam to me a askd if I would ike to ok with hm ull time .
I will av to slep on it .
What do ou think I shou do ?
And how wa your weend ? Hope to see you soon !
With lov ,
Maria
There is no fuur for publc trnport ?
It 's t true .
I ca n't magie r wrd without publi transport .
I regulrly tae tans to go somewhere .
So do other people in my outry , secially od peoe who hae not go their ow cr .
I catch uses regularly an e a lot of people there .
You cn imagine how get th idea of leaving your ow r and taki a bus to go to ork or go shoppng is .
Another od ide is to s bicycles .
I 'm gad tht every yer we ha sch a wonderful a cald " A y without cars " or something ie that , when peol ry to u publi transport rther their own cars .
We can elp ou nironment to be healthier !
ea Jane ,
Thanks for yor etter - it s geat to ha om you .
I was absolutely thrilled to read tat ou 've got a b as a tor gui in th ono ranfoest !
Well done !
I 'm ory it as taken me so ong to wri , t I ave ben oking my finges to te bone preparing for my exams , about which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
Speaking of nervounes , I think I 've found a solutin for you to sha o yor ners aot uin the Enish tenses corectly .
Yu wrote tat his sometimes ma you stutr ring tours , hch mae y feel rather uncertin .
Hweve , thre 's no ed to wory ay longer , if yo hve a loo at www.eliinkel.org/tip/tenses.htm .
On this website , you n fn a clar , etaild explanation of the tses , wth iluminating anmatons .
I have got to si ff ow , I 'm afraid .
Hopefull , you 'll be ale to visit te site .
I 'm se that if y spend sme time studying th inormtion yo can find there , yo 'll hae mastered t tenses ext tie we s ea oter .
Kep me poted on yo experiences in e jungle !
Love ,
Sanne
Reently Google , a multi - millio dollar coman , whc is o only faou fo sech engines , is workng on elf - drivng cars .
tting io your cr an giving t dirction a hen aving a sres - fee drive twrds your destinaion and lttin a compte tke control of your rd is not a disat dream nymore .
u are driverless cars as saf as old - fashioned cs ?
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's ur are handy .
It takes hours to rve to and fro ; hours where on just as to concentrate on riving , hur that r futile .
lhough it ust be admitted that driveress vehicles ar epected to el children , te blind , e eldely and others who currently can t afel drv themselves .
On te oter ad , it wll led to more driving , because smate driving educe the ct per mile of vehicle usage .
he nd rsult of addiional driving coul be more traffic and mr aggregte fuel cnumption .
To put t whole ater in a ntsell , he self - rivng ystm is go o preventin acidens .
However , yo should stil be able to drive yourel you ca no nly re on that system , it is sti not fe from errors .
The Colosem is a beautiful structure in e het of Rme , Italy .
ore than two thousand yrs l , it is still standing .
Evn touh it is in ruins , visitrs from l oer the wld come to e it .
It w an imense amphitheater .
Tousands of people foght as gladitors .
Today , ot many amphteaters e standin .
It is in e shap of an oval but mos of it is broken .
The Itaia name , Colosseo , is quite close to English .
Visitors a eer it and admire the inside .
Th olosseum is qui a al structure .
It is the mst opular ampitheate in the whole wold .
Come and viit t Coloseum and discover is beauy !
Dear r / Mada ,
I am wriing to you in order to apply for a psiton as the person who wil organise a Fl Club in yu languge school .
Last year I passe te CE exam with a rade A , wih is evidence of my excellent Englsh skills .
I like to spen my spare me wtching films , so in hi w , I both improve my English and rax .
During the la year , I wtched a t of fmos an priced flms , so that I am prpaed to follow discssions about them .
I am a commuicative person and I oftn meet with my rieds .
ong my acquaintances I have a rputation for bing a friendly , posiive and talkative woman .
In my job , I ave ily work wh groups of pope and I give presentations in frnt of hem .
I have good orgnizational skills n n explain things clearl in order or peole to nerstand them esiy .
I wrk in a art - time ob , so I am free on Monday d Wednesday evenings .
I think I am suitabl for is jb and it would be а pleasure for me to rgaise our course .
You faithfully
Nikolea Uvarov
Have you ee imained yr lfe withot computers ?
Many people consider hm indispensable .
ie ny ter things , it seems to me ha it ivolv different positive ascts to everyone .
In fact , a significant number of people agr that cmputers ave made ur lives much asir than before .
Nowadays , you ca chat ih yor friends via computer even if th are on the other ie of e planet .
Computers he us with oranizing ur ata . Also you can find a information u wnt vey fast as it hs ls of search engnes .
other reason is th owing ho to u a computer is necessary in most bs .
A lot companies advertise their gods on t Internet , so millions of people know computers nble us to automae various tasks tht we a no do manually a tt is really elpful .
ompters can elp u wth our homework by finding the inforaion y need .
Finally , in my pinio , computers are vey useful to a of us .
He h to study mo tha ve in his lif .
The irst partial tss were going to be soon .
Every day , every hour , he found himself inking about the futur .
The jo he 'll have , the cohes he 'll wear , th food he 'll cook ... he had almost evey ih of hs future planned .
But first , he had to pas te exs .
Tat w t ey to opening the treasure chest ful of golden opportunities .
Lik his motr , he would ork as an advocae .
He wul mk a name for imself by orkin hard , and his famy oul be rou .
The rth is that eveybdy d really high expectations of him .
The idea of becoming te people 's protector fce to e l , was n't his .
hen he was little , he heard is fmil talking about ho hpy ey ere bcause his rothr Pee was folowig in the footsteps of his mom .
adly , Peter was no loner with hm .
Mchae 's mother cried fo months an s athe rid to oo tong , but you cul hear him obbing at iht .
Michel thught that paying his brother 's ole would help .
He lose e or d ke at that moment tat he a made a mistake .
Da Mada / i ,
I ha ead your hotel 's advertisement aut the Niaara Fall s romac pakage in a nesaper .
I am riting to y becae I am inereted in oking tis service at yr hotel d woul lik to receive some furter information in advance .
First of all , uld o provide me wit information about he total cost of e pckage ?
hat I am most intersted in , is a om with a fall s view .
Can u assure me of getting on by al mens ?
Since I wat to spd a niht with my partner at your hotel at e d of December , I need a cnfirmation on yor part of proviig a room at ht time .
Can I be sure at the hotel will no be booked up between Christmas and w Yer 's e ?
In adtion , cud ou ovide me ith infomation about the nearest airport and aout the w to e to your hotel fm hee ? We ms kow his for y case sinc we re goig to trae by pae fo Bdaest , ugary . I wold be pleaed if u could assist me in booing a chep fght as well .
I am loking forward to hearing from you soon with al the details whic you n provide me wth .
Yours faitfully ,
Vera Borbála ot
We liv in the century of speed .
ch ear we se more and more type of transport : bus , rms , subwa , rains , airlans , t .
And of ours , we use more and more personal cars .
Do I hin that public transport will disappear in the future ?
Yes I do .
O of th raons is tm .
Now we ae spnding o uch time waiting for public transport and , of ours , we wold le to get to our destination as fs as possble , u public transprt dos n't proide sh a posibility for us .
Tha is why we try to buy a personal cr .
Furthermre , we use persnl vehicles or rnt cr for travelling , becaus it is more convnient a gives us the feeling of ndependence .
I understand completely ha some types of public transpor such as aiplnes and hip , ill exist or some ti .
But tis is an exepton , because existing tehnologies do not alw te usage of suh personal transport as we wat at this ie .
t , he uure wi chage this situation .
Helping Stangers
I usually he people he needed , I do n't ike to be a ysander .
Frst of all , my atruistic natue is de to my biological desr to ep ters .
For istance , o a I ws walkng in e park hn I sa a girl falling down rom a children 's swing in e playing area . I heped her imediatel , and afer I a se th she was fi , I caled her mthr and tod her bou this incidnt . he thanked me a lot .
I thought she ws my reponibility , but it ca n't be the me vey time .
In addtin , young eole display altruistic behvir from the 18th monh .
r exmple , last eek I wa tresed u , so I los my pho at the nivesity . I di not realiz that until I returned hm . Whie I a on my way to h uivesity , my little siter prayed for me to fd my one .
So , in my opinion , children we he are witnesses alay want to hlp srngers .
Finally , cienists hypotheize that o bras ar helpful eogh whn we can help ot other eple .
ear lison ,
Hi !
o are ou ? I hope everything is lrigt .
I 'm witig to say that I 'd be delighted if yu wre my gus at home net nth .
Now lt me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Maid .
When you gt to Barajas airport you 'll hv to take the sbay and go to Atocha station d her o 'll hae to change line and catch le hre to get to ol station .
I 'll be tere to mt you .
If you 're not up f that , you can us get a ti at Barajas airort to the sam destination .
I strongly rcommnd the first option becaus it 's cheaper han the second one .
Besies , his way you can ae an excting art in Madid .
If you get lost in the tro , do n't worry .
Give me a ring and I 'll pck yu up wherever ou are .
I hope to hear from yu soon .
Best regards .
Juan
Saving the environment
As we kw , o planet 's codition is getting worse every day .
Thi is beuse human actiit releases in the r substances tat damge several things on ou planet , sh as the amsphere n cosystms .
Gloa warming , deforestation and drought ar som of the conequences . Thereore , we shoul do countless thigs that pear to be meaningless , bu if everyone does tm we can live on a much healthier planet .
Evr day , scientists t to devlop nw ways to improve the ay we lve , so ha we r ab to pollute he pane less .
Oe of the things discoved by ese scientists is Eo - hms . Eco - homes are a ty of home that helps us cause less amae to the planet and atmosphere in our veryday li .
It sounds a little bit srnge , bt by installing solar panels an ohe feature in these homs , we ive a much grenr li . Undobtedly , tee ll be soe changes but , because we ow w we are ding it , there oul be no polems .
lo , t efects of those atins oul be huge n woul help improv te evronmental situation . Neverthless , we il still have to hane so activities a be ls elf - cetred , so that we a all work for a greater objecive .
In my opinion , in a decad we will be lving in these oms . I ca n't wait to expriene it .
I do eveal sports , but my favouite is football .
I lay football twie a ek at least .
I ejoy playing hs sport beause it is very fnny and competitive .
Furthermore , football gives yo the oportunit to ak friends because it is a em spot .
ith football yu can me l t mules in your body and also exercie yo mind , thinking about what is the best pass or he o shuld run or stop .
If you want to start to play footbal , my advice is to be i , because if y are n't , ou migt hr your bones or muscles .
In order to be t , yo can ru or ride a ie for tw or tre wees and , fte that , you wi be prepared to ay foball .
h equipment is very impotat too .
So wear comfortable clothes n oo trainers .
I reommend yo to play it with your friens , but if yo are in a n ty , you can searc for eams on the Intrnet .
There a a o of oportunitie .
To imrove yor skills , you can practse loe and yu will come better than bore .
So play fotall a enjoy it .
Hi y !
o 're right , in fact it was vy difficlt f me but I finally took hi dciion because I wat to ha ne experences .
I'm very excited ! I 'm goi to the United ingdm in a week 's time , ut I 've alady made me plans for it .
First of all , I 'd love to vit new ples .
Woul you id making a ist of laces ou like the most ?
oreover , I need to organise a tdem to imroe my Elish , ut if that wo n't ork , I could atten an English oure .
Do yo ko ny languae schools ? They 're very expenive , so I will ee more money .
Speaking about money ... I rlly ned to find a ob !
I have to earn one if I wnt to ay ter f al a year !
A my arnts refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Who kws ...
In h matime , what about helpin me to nd a part - tm jo ?
I definitely ca n't get a full - tie o 'cau I want to relax ad have u .
Tt me if you ind something for me .
Best wise .
Eleonora .
St . Petersburg
Russia
23.05.14
Dea
I 'm vey ld to receive your letter . I ha n't her from u or ages .
How are yo ?
These are my answers to yu uestions .
My class iits museums nce a month .
My faourie museum is he Hermitag , which is in the heart of my ity .
I thin tat everydy shoul vsit it beuse you can e beautiful paintings by gifed nd mous artists .
It 's a eat id to go hiig with our faly .
When and wher re y going hiki ?
Have u bugt a equipen yet ?
Did yu go hking last year ?
Hope to hear fo y on .
Bst wishes ,
Inna
The Vetnamese education and std system is completely differt fro h Australian one .
Li Asian countries , uh as Kora , China , and Singapore , the Vietnmese eduatio and sudy syse is really harsh ad highly competitie for all studets , secially r primary students .
Firtl , the primary education and stu ystem in Vietnam is ver hard .
Ty have to tuy a lo , wit 5 - 6 subjecs in a smeter .
These ubject mainly focus on math kils , grammar , writing , but hre ae nt any cures elted to li n commucation skis or iovative sience .
All subect are lss lexibl and all student ear the ame pgrams at the same tme .
Menwhle , the Australian dcation d tud system is easier d more njoyabl tan h Vietnamese system .
In a clas , hre are ry f studts with many or flexibe study programs .
Primary students r taugt man diffrent life sklls by teachers at chool .
Additionally , the subjects in the scool are given with the a of developing the thinking an creativty of stuens .
hey as la many interestig sports .
Secondly , it is not only the shool but also Vietnamese prnts of primary students ho are expected in the educatio of heir children .
They usully ho that their hldren will et the highest scors in hool .
Therefore , outside schol , Vietnmes parets ant to send their children to ttorial csses , uch as math , writing , grammar , … .
Consequently , Venamese hildren do n't have any life skills and have many ealth pblems , such as short - sightedness , tuy - ache , spinal olum … Sad , the proporton of Vietnamese cildren o are hor - sighted ha tended to increase in recent yeas .
Mnwhile , Ausalian prents also care about heir chiden bu in a different way to Vietnamese parets .
Outside schoo , they end their kids to sort entres or social activities .
To sum up , Australian chilrn ae hppir tha Vietnamee children . I think that rimary stunts nee to pnd more time playin and enjoying their chldhood .
I loed lmbing fom the word go .
My firt time was an exctig experience I il neer foge : th touch of the rk , the hight , the pi in yur fingers ... I lke cimbng because hs sport maks me ee aliv , evn if soetimes I feel fr .
But do n't hnk that climbing is a dngerus aciity!. though you cimb to the top of a ok ll , you always do it it checked safety equipment .
Firstly , if you wnt to cib yu will ne , at least , a parter .
You must tru yur life to ths person , so it 's imporat u et on with him or r .
It is perhaps o thi reaon ha people who clib re often couples !
Moreove , clmbig is a spot in which it 's o too important if you are a man or a woman , because yu do n't only use you stength bu also our baance .
You shuld y ti amusing and thrilling sport ecuse it 's a sot of copetition wih yoursef : every day a little bi highr , every dy a lite bit more dificult .
If o take up limbig , I 'm ure o 'll ary on ! !
My holidays
I love holidys and summer , the season I like bes becase of a lot of things . In summer I alwys go to h mountains , to my grandparents ' house , wee I have n with my uncl ad cusns .
radma 's food is great and I spend days staying oside , playing badmntn or volleyball or having a walk in the woods .
Some days we go on a long trp too .
We take od a drins and we sped a day in beautiful paes such as the p of a muntan , an aazig cstl or a typical market in a town .
But at I love best ar h aternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and her bother , Luke .
We play Risiko for hrs : we 're never fed up !
In witr it is een better : here 's a lot of now and we often go skiing on the erby peaks . Skiing is my favourte sport , I have bee ong tt since I was five and I ve doing te most diffiult slopes , a hristas is eautifu with te eole I love best .
Thes re som reons why I love mountin nd why I spend mst of my holidys there .
we were in od
Hi Mitak ,
I hve rcntly watched The Ultiamt of Boure an I 'm so excted to shre it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely ove it .
It is an ction movie that nvlves the secrt ams of the CIA .
The film is about ths CIA sassin wo ca n't eember hs past , u he knws he 's eing chased by the aecy .
Eventually , he reads about a junalist o is wriig aout him n a pogra called Black Brar .
Ju before the assets get the journalit , aon Bourne helps him to ecape .
He trs to get ome nformatin fom t g , but unfortunately a snper soot him ad .
I wi t tell ou what happens afterward so as not to spoil it r you .
My frin , I can not recommend this fim enugh .
It is a ok of art indeed .
If u 'd like to se it , I 'm going to come along with ou to the cinema , beause I reall want to watch it again .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm ory I aven't written to u for so og .
As you know , I was rally buy last ont .
My teacher akd me to organise a charty concert in or shool .
My task was to find a and of musicians h ould pla at our concert .
I must amit it was eally hrd to fi a really good gop of players , who would uie up the adince and also ay or free .
I deided to rganise a casting .
It was so xciting and fny listnng to all those musicias , because sm of he actually id n't have the skils to lay an d n't hav te charm neee to warm up te eple .
In t ed , all we fatastically .
We managed to rais muh more ony for a good cse than we hoped to rase .
hat 's a f the ti bein .
ite to me soon and ge my rerds to your parents .
ye ,
Pula
Throughout my fe , I ve lived in a f cities and villages located in t South of Russia .
ah of te cities has a unque set of ens of transport .
In villages , e ony mens of public transporation is all bses , mot of wich c cay up to wnty passengers at ny ment of time .
In reginal centers , most people commute on trolleybuses and trams .
h latter is te transpor of choce of st peple ecase its passengers ey rarl wse te in traffic jms thanks to dedicaed railay lins .
Those h are not satisfie with te public traspotation system may use private vehicles .
I estimte more then 99 peret of them re cas .
Rrely do we se bccles an scoots .
I used to travel on bue .
Bt recently I bough a heap ie and realy enjoyed cycln in the summertime .
Now , in Noember , the ather in Russia is not so god , so I switched ack to bss .
My aest dream is to re on e EuroVelo roads network .
I expect it to be much more suitable for bikes compared to lol roads .
I hpe e rd surface quality in Rssi wl mproe ye by ar .
ello , my nam is Nina ly ad I 'm seventeen .
I stll go to high school whre I tudy fu lanuage ; Frenh , Spanih , Engli an Italian .
Tanks to my m , to my travels and to h pople I 've met , I 've learnt hw to speak fearlessly and quite fluenty in English .
I absolutely oe children and they honesl loe me ; I thik it is a or of a gift , because nt all people love children and can ge on well with them .
I 've a a little bit of experiene of ummer babysitting for some id . In Ily it is more difficult to be a babysitter becase , if ou re underage , prents shold tk responsiility for y , so it is better to be oer 18 .
I love plyng wit is , but , as awas , there r some rule that hve to be followed .
h most imrtant rule , in my opinion , is " hvng fun wihout hurting or gting hut " .
During hos few times throgh which I built up my experience , we al played together n we cooked togehr , so I taught em hw to make some chicken and some pasta in th Ilian wa .
To be honst , I 'm not the est cok eer , but I an cok a few od things like scamled eggs , pasta and mea .
e of my haacteristics is that I 'm a vry precise pern . Fr examle , I enjoy making lists because they make my min clearer , and I strictly follow ht I wrote so verything , hopeuly , en well .
Than you or our tme and attention .
rust in flyng with a orse
I relly lk mny sorts in this rld . I go to the ym daily to stay fit and healhy .
u my overal aourite spor is idng horses .
I ' ve ben don it sie I was sx years ld .
It is so fascinating for me to bul up a relationship with the hrse yu ride .
You know wat is th mo importnt thig abo iding horses ?
It is al about tus .
If you proide confidnc , e horse will tust ou .
ith this relinc , you can go throg evryhing tgethr .
ay ople think it 's o really a sort .
But bliev me , riding uses so mu endurance !
hat I li mos aou ll the dffrent aspects of rding horse is jumpig .
I fe so free wen I ca ly ver hose obstacles .
Anohr good feeling is th speed wh you gllo .
Surely hs is not everything .
Riding also eas cleaning the ore and ooking after it , bt never mind , it 's h bes sport yu ca do .
As the prouctin of cars has ncreasd , it sem tt the eed for public transportation as declined .
Some insist tat no one will need a b or h subway in h future .
However , in my opinion , it ll instead be ueul to use publi eicles as tim gs by or two critical rasos .
rst , eope do n't want to wste tei time finding prking lots .
Te more peple have thi own cars , he moe space to park is needed .
Unfortuntely , there is a ertain limit to space , so it is t possible ha everyone c u their r every day , especially in ea itie like Seoul , ew Yrk , and London .
It is re convenient to move fom re to tre when yu ak the bu or sbwy , bcaus you do n't have to worry abu yo car hil wrking .
T second reason is more iportant an obvius .
It is related to the environmental issues .
sig ulic transport mes helpig to potect te Earth fo i polltion .
There are so many kds of problems which environmental pollution causes .
Polltin is a knd of global sue which people should tke serious .
Witht reducin personal vehicles , there is no soution to that polem .
Surly , the goernent wl try to make a beter sysm of public ransort becaue hey want citizens t to s their own means .
r these reason , tere ill be a futue for public transort , always .
Moreover , it is quite likely that people will need more public transport than private transport .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to enuire about the job of Cm Asssant in a summer camp , which w adverise in a magazine .
I am 25 ears l nd I finised my studis in pychology this year and I am avilabe to wor from July to eptembr .
I am a very activ person and I am accustomed to doing dferent kinds of sports activities , ch as wimming and rdig .
I onsidr myelf a responsible rson with h bility to ae y nds of probem .
As fo language , I spe ativ Sanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Gema fluently an ecntly I passed th Fst certifiate in Englsh .
I fl at I have te igh exerience and qualification to do this job .
If you think tht I am the ost suitbe person to be recruited , I old be itrested to har fm yo .
You faitfully ,
Mary Smth
Tis topic lads me to tnk of the professional kil " Achitecture dign " .
Ths reslts in differn viws on whether people agre hat the bes hings o improving peole 's lives ave already taken pce .
I od h belief that the topi is completely wrng or me , even if me improeents ar easy to ue a solve most proems .
First , the growth of e popation still continues , th space for ivng is stl a sious problem , although the skyscraper has aready solved st problems related to t poulation crisis .
On the her hand , the skyscraper causes moe problms , sch as polltion .
For example , I designed he high - rise architcture in a highly opulaed cy in aiwn .
Te skyscraper provides more space o exces ppulaton . oever , te building will produce more pollution if he skyscaper are contructed from mdrn materials , such as steel and concrete .
ey wll destro e environment when the raw material digs ou fom th sie .
Th ollutin will harm the local pele an the enviroment from the it of aw materils .
Ths is why I mentione hat t problem sil exists and the problem ly mov to other rgions and types .
Seod , computer ysems look like they sov mst poblems . Howeer , hese stems are mor dangerous in specific situaion .
A " B " a aper from a n - mad system ecuse of incoplete cdin .
Tt is why ur persona inomation lway leaks to the " hcke " .
For instae , wn we eno the electronic commerce and shop for goods on h Iernet , the hacker may steal pivate iformaton at the same time .
he will use that informatio to steal peple 's mny over the pon ad we il trust thm because hey have e correct persnl information .
Thi is a omal phenomenon in Taiwan . However , the poice ca n't do anything because of e hacker 's anonymt .
hat is why I said that t bst improvements still do not eist , ve though computer systems hav lready sovd oe problem .
Of ourse , se pople may be moved to disaree with my position on this isu .
That being sid , I til fel e reasns I have presented ae strng ones , such as architecture and comuer systems .
Dear Jane ,
As soo as I re the letter about yur problm , I decided to wre you at onc n gi ou some suggstions , since I have a imilar interest in physical fitness , too .
I fe er strongly that daily exercise is a bic defiition whc we st keep if we want to be in shae .
To tart with , a simple way to wk u is not to et the bus to chool .
For exaple , ou col go on foo or on yur bicycle accompaned by yo friends nstead . By doing thi , you wil urn more d ore alories dil without speial equipment a having fun with our pals .
Furthermore , if I ee you , I wol go with joning a halth clu .
For instane , signing up fr i - hop dance or aebic classes as I do oul be a nce idea .
In hs way , you will do hr exercise ithou realising it , as you will ejy ourslf at the same time .
What is mor , it could hp if ou worked out at home nd bught ym equipment sch as a treadmill or a biccle .
By Doig he houehol choe , like e washing , is anther way to exercise as wel .
As a result , you wll sa time ad embarrassmnt , especially if you are out of sape .
To sum up , if ou folo my dvie , o 'll see results iretly and I 'm sure ou will nt regret it .
You ll not fee self - confident and hap , bu yur outwad appearance will be betr .
Friendship tdy
Friendship is actually a really important issue noaday .
hre e plenty of wy to make ew frieds .
Facebook , witter … all of tese social networks offr us th esest way to make new friends .
But r they el os ?
In my opinion , th est y to develo yur new friendsi is eeting them ; haing a coffee , a drink or whaevr .
Talking is uly th only way to get to no popl d establis strong bonds .
In addition , som people r to find frens who lwas gee wit tem .
However , it could be a little bit uhealty .
To be frank , a best friend has to offer you a different point of view n , what is more , it is imortnt to s no sometimes .
r l of thse easons , we have to take re of ou friendships the ys and soil networks r OK for being in uch with your riens . Bt if you want to make new oes .
Go somewhere !
n me n eople !
ony : essential r youngste ?
At h age of eihteen , ot British students e finishing secondry scoo .
A nw , tougher world is in ron of them as they gt ready for college or to embark on teir rofessional aree .
Family financial suport , at this sage , seems almost essnial .
With this in mind , some questions arise : should youg people be given money eail or shoud tey put in a great eal of ffor to get it ?
Shold parents prepare the ground o thir sons ' success or just let th wo hrd to build tir lies ?
We ave to admit tat tl and rouble are urgent needs of ti younger gneation .
hy do we al them yungstrs ?
Bcause the a yog , and ther is no poblm with that .
ut the cos a time wen th are supposed to make it to adulthood .
At hs pint , lack of money might be a blesing in diguis .
The ore he sweat to chase ther dream , e faster they mtue d the re ty prz hat they ern .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial ai , though .
Do n't get me wrn , pleas .
Wa I 'm doi is challenging e wa we apprach it .
We have to presee the thicl vae of maintenance at t same time as we hep th next genraion to succeed by their own means .
If we an provide youngsters with money and stll avoid their groin lazy , then fiancial relief is elcome .
ndobtedly , I 'm presenting a major chllene to every parent : will we be ale to ak ce of youngsters d yet teh tm that money oe n't gro on trees ?
oey is almost essential , u e wy young pepl lean to interact wi it is essential to shapig a ociet that appreciates what it tains hrugh effort .
My holidays in Spi ( 2 part )
My holida wre hee !
I arivd in Sain on Sunday mornng . It was a lovely sunny day in Malaa .
I arrived extremely exhausted , because I could n't slep he iht befor .
I ha to wait in te airpor !
When I rrivd hme , I us ante one thing , to sleep , so I did .
I slept all the afternoon .
I as real tired !
Moay , I had the typica " family a " . I ate wi all my family in or cotage .
Tn I me wh my friens and we a a nie vening drinking ome ers in the ubs .
h Tuesday wa an extraordinary bea day .
A da I as lying on the beac , tlking th my frinds a hving an icreible time th them .
Wednesday was h relaxed dy .
I was at hom a day with my cat wtchng English films a atin Spanish desser .
In Andlusa , at aste , the typial dessert it 's called " stiño " .
It is a sweet olive oil astry with hon .
My m prepared it h ay before , and it was eally ymm .
I almost ate it all !
My faml is Catholic so at Easter , te an days for ur religion are Thurday and Frda . It 's the same for my famil too .
I 'm Cathlic . I believe in God , b I 'm n ver friendl ith he Vatican 's ules .
I 'm a free Catholic .
Proably it sound weird , ut I 'm on my way .
Thse w ay wer family ays . I had to go to he hrch to a mess which reesents the last days alive of Jus Christ : the last supper a he passion .
At lat , this weend I dd n't do anything special , because I felt tired d I had n't got enough moey to ma any special lan .
Finally , e d to cm to England had aived .
On Monday , I cam bac to Londn and my holday had finised .
See you soon Spin !
In my opnion , publi tansort is h ftur , ecause its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be ease to get around and cheaper , too .
Travllig by c is so much mr convenient if we hnk abou small plces such as vilages or sal tns .
Imagine going by car to cities li ndon . Is te car more onvenient ?
If you consider he chaoic traffic and e long uees to get there and t impct of thse actors on people 's helth and peple 's fnances , I 'm ue y 'll hange your ind abot ublc tanport .
In th last few years , public transport has een imoving a lot in terms of technology , flexbility and dversity in term of timetable , tckes and destinations .
Bsides these , public ransport is beter fr the enviroment , especialy e electric bus .
Te elecric bus is an oion in mny countries as a y to improve te environment .
This type of ransport is a ret contribution to the enironment , because it 's cleaner than thos tht nd petl or ieel to ork .
On the othr ad , it is posile to find hybrid cars , but they a more expenive than thoe th work with ormal fuel n , or ta reason , this kind of car is not peope 's first choice .
he subject of he environmnt is very imprtat nowadays and can cos a cunry a lot .
A coury s to ay for their carbon fotprin ad this means the mo polution is produced , he or the environmetal daage . In other words a , bigger caro footprint means mo s to be paid .
Governmets wil defne environmental policies in ordr to decrae the cost of cron footprints .
uh plcies will invle taxes on pollting ca , e increasing of fue prices d the itroductin of benefs for hose w o r more envronmental means of transport .
So , the onvenince of travelling by ar is no entirely true .
Of course , you r in contol of your me ad destiations , but is it enough ?
hink about i impac on your finances and on e environment . Wuld n't it be bett to ake a b , the ndergroud , or a tai ?
If we cnsider ll the factors mentied abov , mny eopl will probbly chane teir mids .
Dear US Summe Camps ,
I am Ana Alicea Benavidz , a studet fr the Faculty of Medcin of Mága , wee a gir , ho as one of your volunteers , was tling out this project last week . Se suggetd we join it .
I have workd in arius activites like this . o example , in a amous basketbal tea as a volunteer , or in the ospital with chidrn and hei parents ho lve thre .
Mrover , I ive alone in my hom , so I ca oo an am an excellent cok o .
I consder myself a fun , communicative d responsible prson with experence in tse knds of actiiies , and h can elp with all e things yo need .
Because of at , I thnk that I could oi you team n I would be a suitable person for you .
inally , I wold ie to ko where the camps wll be exacty bcause I ne to book the flights .
Yus sincerely ,
Ana
A wse man said " T pen is mightier ha the swd " ( Ewrd Bulwe - Lytton ) .
These wds reflct h power and the importace of writing nd eading throughout mankind 's history .
Although there are a lot of eaons that support that idea , his article focuses on the imprance of reading as a geat tool to exercise our brain .
ist of a , he brain is a cmple par of our bod that is ble to process information and ceate knowledge baed on timuli .
Thoe kinds of stimuli come from several sorces d te he o in different measur to exrcise t ran .
owevr , reading is the most important simulus to exercise th bran beaue it presents a lot of challens r or mind .
For instance , when you ea , you he to asociae charates n lace , a memorize details .
Those kid of things help the bain to be mre active and process information faster .
Scndly , there is se research that proves tha , in gneral , eople who read r smarter than peop ho do not .
This statement is ased on the act of the increase of liteacy d dveloment of verb intelligence that peole e when ey exercise the brain by rading books .
This is another big eaon to re about eading , because in tis compettive orld , only mat people will be able to get the et opportunities available in society .
Thirly , hen people rea , they have to use the imaginaion to et a beter idea of what 's goin on .
ha situaton is nothr example of ow reading is an exelent brain exercse , becase whn pple hav to imagine things , th brain h to be ceative , nd tha ind of process is ve important to improve yourself in proble solving and he craton of important ideas in real lie .
In general , l h thing described bove sow o important reading is to exrise he brain .
So , next te u try to avoid a oo , think first wethe you need yu rain to wk aster or be re creative , becuse it could be a good ide to exercise your bran a little b by eadin .
Reiw Silence of he Lambs
Tee are ay good movis , thrilles , especial , ar always enjoyle in my opinion .
ne of those is the movi ' Silence of t Lambs ' , wer Clarice , an FBI agent in training , ha been sked to tlk to an imprisoed nnibal Lete who has infrmation about a serial killer the FB has been tryig to catch .
Thee were several reaon hy ts movi tood out .
First , I was really impressed by he performances of Jodi Foter ( Clarce ) and Antony Hopkins ( annibal ) .
I he always ought of th as elly good actors , but they were exqusit in this ovie .
Not only in hir individual les , but also in t scenes ty d togeter .
Secondly , th storylin was unpredictable n really cleer and , becaue of that , really enjoble .
Yu hd to pay ttention trouhout the entire movie to keep up with th story .
On to of at , thre was tenion at all tims .
Tis mvie is outstanding . I believe that even peole ho are not really nto thllers will ejoy watching it .
As I mentioe befre , both th acing and the storyline are really impressive .
Y will be wtching with full interes .
Finally , the charactr of nnibal eter is one of a id . Tere is no thr moe where you will find a fgure like him .
Drest Renee ,
w was your first Engish litrature lesson at shool ? I ope it s los of fun wh peny of nw knowledge acquird !
I learn about the spcial featre of t 16th century acting buness and theatres in London , as we as the life of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't wait to te you more !
You may think theatres wr fashionable pae f royalty , ourtiers d mercnts .
Howevr , they ee no .
Ding the reign of uen Elizabeth I and King Jame I , ly watching was an ntertinment fo the locals to relax .
As it cot very litl to et no an open - air theatre , everyone amed in n josled to watch play , togh te poor stood under bright ushine and ad thi heas brnt , while t rich a under shelte with an etr shilling paid .
At the same tie , actors ee buy dressing a recting he ripts . '
Love is a smoke made it t fum of ighs . '
Do you reembr this famous uote ro Romeo nd Juliet ?
At that tme , men had to work while wome we foed to stay at hom n do l te household hors .
Franly speking , actresses did OT xst !
These actors aid ful attention to conincing he udience that it was gracel Juliet rather than a stif boy actng .
Te ue pops , hick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sos of accssries .
Te ' Juits ' eve had to shav ter beard a moustah d enjoy thir oe throughout h pay .
Wat a gargatuan sacfice of sf - esteem and reputation thy me !
On more interesting at is that oh e lovers in the play wr Italians , but ter paywright had evr be to Italy .
It could reflect the ct hat 16th century Ldon was a meltng point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in conact with Italian culture by akig friends with those lcal visitors .
Three trumpet blsts wr gin to symbolize th tar of a pa , t none of te resected silence would be iven .
The audience woul boo and trw fri at the actors if thy did n't ike hem .
pecial drmati efects wee added on stage .
Cannonballs were rolled around to mak the sod of hunder .
Pg 's blood was used r casulties or daths in swrd ihts .
Stage trapdoors allowe acts to nish magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pueys d machiney were ue for lowering actors onto the tage .
Sakspeare provdd everyting the pele asked or --- laghter , roane , and traedies .
The lay lover Ki James I was imresse d became the patron of e Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
Te comany changed its nme to ' te King 's Me ' a prformed over 2 plys !
By now , I ave widened my hoions and increased my interest in the spotlight on playhouses .
I hope you love em o !
Writ soon !
Cheers ,
Michelle
As o asked I am going to ge inormtion on h my vilag looks ftr te environment .
My village as been workin on thi prect fr decades . They hae been fxin their techniques n hey sil kno a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started wt the easiest examples ( divding rubbish int iffeent container ) to oe tt e more cmpex ( renewal energy ) .
We lie in an area where h opuation has al types of animal whih c gt hurt very easily by human ctivities ; so in r communit we have vy strict rules wh it cmes to taing car of te environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their hous are hree trash cns fr he division of he trash ; n must be fo renewble atrials ( leftovers , aper , cardboard … ) another for plastics , a he lat one for glass .
Al t energy being ed in t town is renewable eerg ; ( hydraulic eery , solar nrgy and wid energy ) . Evry hose has a solr anel that gets the su light transforming it it energy tht provides part of the energy to ch hose on the days that the sun shines , b if there is no sun , e village has a dam beside it which provis us with nough wat f e whole village and also wth hydraulic energy ; o only do we ae hydraulic energy , but als wind enrgy ; on the outskirts of the illage , there is a id power pant ere the wn energy is podued .
so , ou water has n of the es purification methods . After we se it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate the atr of t rivr or dam .
To try to kep the environment clan , we have a big group of vluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to kep tis area as clean as psible by picking up ll the rubbish ad checking the woe ea in ase ter is something no norma .
Apart from this group of vounteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and s the ar as itle as possible so te polluion is as o as posble . ee the bicycle is the ms poular mod of transport . Cars r n't common . They are oy ue wh transporting heavy tig or whe traellng log distances .
oadays , mny peopl lk doing shoppng .
Bt does everyone tik in tt y ?
Some people thi ha buyig hings is er boring and unnecessay .
he first advantage of buying new ings in shops is tht it is ey stifying , in partiula fo women .
Ma of tem re relaxed we they are searching for n , remarkable othes .
Secondly , we could in amazing bargain in shops .
Shops could ev give us a 70 prcent al , which hels to save mo moey .
On the other hand , din shoppn is not only something enjoyable .
One of th drawbacks of going to the sps is tat we spend a huge amount of one .
We wold buy nt , impractical high - hee shs , which will spnd a couple of ars in he ardrobe .
h last but ot eat dsadvntage of doing shoping , is th in te mall col powl many pikpockes , nd he uld b us .
In colusion , bying e thing is a god idea to spend an interesting time wit frinds , but we cud als lose a lot of money .
Pesonaly , I do not agre with he tatemet " shopping is n lways enjoyale " , because I like this way of spending lsure time , or instance , wi my mom or friends .
This r cart deals ith the cost of hee different photoopirs .
Therefo , it compares h purchase prc , the warrany xpenses and the runnng cst of eah product .
Interestnly , the prchas price of " arde " and " KD " is almos t same .
In " Carda 's " case , the aoun is $ 0 and " Ks " price is approximately $ 0 .
Hwever , " Sebu " les th a purhse price of $ 1,0 .
All t potocopiers sow a ey lo warany price .
In is categoy , " KD " is te mos xpnsive with a cst of $ 2 .
Wherea " Carda " d " Seu " score with warranty expenses of und $ 150 .
" Cda 's " prodct has the igest runig costs , at $ 1,200 .
In t ase of " KD " , the running cost ny coe to $ 800 , and " bu " obviously hs t lowest expenses , at $ 60 .
As a on term invesmet , I wld coose the " Sebus " mdel even though t purchase price is ver ih .
The reasons r ths are its low warranty cost and in particlar its low runin costs .
he ken running expenses will compensate for th purchas prce in the futur .
In ody 's world , nearly very person cares about wt she or he is wearing .
Many popl cli tht weang fashioale clhes is very importan .
It sems to me that these clothes my have a high price and smetimes they are not worth it .
Som people fear hat if they do not wea the ltest fashion , they wo n't be een as a aluale erson .
The spnd a ortune on utfit n wait to be admired d appreciated .
Werin any kid of cothes hs an effect on yo , and viously on your image .
I agree with the ea that clothes n help with expressing ourselves .
It is very important to choose those items which represent yor personality .
For example , some people desig their own clothes and they s them to .
In hs way , ey represent oiginlity ju by using ter creativity .
Howeer , in most cases , pople are not satisfied with their shpe d look .
It is often cusd by weari clots which do n fit nd suit them .
Th ltest ashion is often desgnd or slim peopl , so it is recommended to choose e right nes .
To m up , I believ there are pros and cons to weain t latest fashion .
The mst significan thing is that it is ot what makes yo beautiful .
It 's what 's inid that couns .
Pte looe at s atch nd new hat he d to do something immediately .
He n ve to his treehose on the monain , where he ed to spend time by himsel or eding a book .
Two dy before , Peer ecived a letter ro soeon saing to met er / im in th teehouse at 5 o'clock .
The trhouse was uil by Peter 's fathr and it was their secret .
Two yer ao , Peter 's father had di , so Pter was the only o tat kw where e treehouse a .
So , wo cold he sen that letter ?
Pter ran and rn n whn he arrived he saw th door open .
He found it stange because he always lcked the oor and te oly eope that had th keys re him and his father .
He went it the huse a saw a man sittig on his father 's cir .
He shouted " h 's there ? " ad uddenly t an tured around and th mystery man w Pete 's father d he said " I 'm proud ta you ave kept ou secret .
See you later ... " .
Peter rn into h ather 's arms , but he disapered and he prmised himself that he would never ever ell anyone abt the ecret .
I do not thk tha ere is no future fo plic rasport beaus not all eopl can have a car , espcally po people in a developing countr .
Moreover , there r distant places we a n travel to by r , so we ed a tra or even a plane .
In addition , oe eple do no le traveling in hei private ars on the higways because ey fear accidents .
t on h other hand , l agree to some exen that travelli in my private c is much more coneniet .
I can travel at a time without being restrited to specific imes , and l ca rest at ny af to drink my favorite coffee .
I ejoy using GP hen travelling on my on to explore w lacs .
Cnsequently , we can not dispene wit public ransport , eve if so of us would ratr use or privat cars .
oe n - buildn aes , in se countries , are now occupied by housing and oter residential buildngs .
This will cause som serious problems r both citizns n animals .
Human beings need more natural eironment to live better and to ensure the sandar of living .
Inhabitants n go to te countrysde to have a picnic or excursion it eir friends or families to eax .
Aer natural areas , uc as farmland , forst ad wetland , r destroyed on a arg sle , there are no cse lace wt bautiul scenery to vis .
Th coneqence is that they can easily get sick in modn builings , which wl influence their menta ealth , nd en worse .
As r animals , wic are a pa of nature , were is a home for them ?
Without a pleasant plce to li , tey r facing extinctio .
If their living areas are occupied by housg an other buildings , ther sourcs of foo d wtr could be a srious poblem .
As a resut , soe of the most vulneable specis will face dng out .
he building land is supoed to be their hoe .
Fo governments , restictins on exploring huan lnd is e of the ways to solve the problems .
Policy - maers could enat a law to educe ln development .
Another metod is that natural elogy grdens can be rovded for those animals , lie birds .
As long as tee are om paces r thm to lie , e naural envronment c be balance .
In conlusin , a wide rage of buildings nd constructions can ot only destroy ur own living environment , but ao ht of animals .
Governmts ae responsible for slving these problems to achieve harmony beteen man , atre and animals .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We kow that submerging oneelf in th ulure a ustos of our chosen lagage is importa n a better way of learning it .
We are , however , conscious of th inncial difficulties that young pepl ace tod . It is for this reaso that we popose he folling ie .
It gives yu the possiilty of working as an au pir .
arn while you lern Spanish and become more independent !
All that is required of y is to hae a knack with kids n ve te ide of ecoming an au pair .
r o interested ? Do not esitate !
ll in h applicaton form nd send it to us at e folloing email addess :
is could be th grtest expience of or ie . Do n't miss it ! !
irst of all , I want to sincerely thak yo r h opportunty to provide quick ay to begn saving environmetal resources .
I will ein by strongl recommending cycling f a uber of asons : tter physical healh , better metal health , and no paying fuel bills .
Th phsical eercse endure during ycing rovides a great workout f e cclist , and in adition to that , lending in with other nature hels improve mental health ; you aso sa your on money by not aying or fl .
Another way to ep is to sav eletriciy , and whle dong that , save moe oo .
Mreover , less electric stres on h machines enures ta h mahine ' lives are lenghene .
I aso recycle my old per , such as old books , and ti greatly elp our atmsphere hnks to th erease in hazardous gaes resuting fm bued wse .
On he other hand , we al e to beneit from the chepr recycled paper ; I ao want to menti he blissu feeling I get hen I recal I hve done good r u wonderul old .
In he end , I sicrely ope his report proves informative n encouraging for many .
Tis was Ahed Bishara ad I am a fierce spportr of this cause .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am wiing in order to apply fr th post of Camp Assistant u avertisd in a magazine .
I am sure I will me your requirmets since I hav the abilities you are aking fo .
I recently passed my ist Cetificate in Engih ad I speak Spanish fluently , t .
In addition , I am a very responsible person d I hav ot a first aid certificat , which ha gin me h confidnc to ea wh merency stuatins .
I am no a professnal atlet , however I am ken on sports , espcialy stree running competitions .
I njo participaing , whneve possibl , in competitions in my city as an amteur hlete .
I would like to inform that you I am available for he dat given , because I will have finished my degree curse in June .
Finally , I ant to et you know ot of my referees ae hay to be contacted imediately to confirm my peonal qualities .
I hope to he fo ou as son as pssible with an intview apoinment .
Yours faithfully .
Sv yourself
ave o eer thought aout ha you an do to hp the environmn ?
Mayb not !
There is a t that you can do ...
his ear , I decided to clean the loca forest wih my family .
It will be ver good fo us , fo the anmals d fo a t plats .
irt , we thought it wuld be god to plant trees , a it 's ey to do this .
Cleing the forest is a fantastic ide becaue , wn the frest r lea , forest irs hardly happen .
It will sae lots of plants ad animas . It will sa te environment , so it will save yu and me .
Do n't foret hat the envrnment is very important fo al of us .
By saving te environment , yu re saving your lf .
Ann knew that it as going to be a very speial da or her .
She d a feeling that hr irthdy uld n't be ordinr .
Fr sure , her friends were preparing a b surprise .
As a as e knew , she would fin ou that he was right .
Firstly , jst after s wnt into school , tey greeted her wih a million coourful blloos ih inscrptios wi ll the bet wishes .
Thn she had to go to class , so vry balloon was sent into the s , wic was a beautiful sigt .
Aftr she d fnised her esons , he boyfriend arrived on hs motorcycle a took h for a nice trip .
entually , the ame to he lake on e subub d hen sh saw something unepectd .
There a a g srrise party in e foret .
Fist , sh ticed ly a b tranpare ith te title " Happy birthday Ana ! "
and thn it turnd ou that l he crew s tere .
e heard music d that is how the prt startd .
It was a eall amaing day fll of pleaures .
Anna would ner forget it !
In my inion , I recmend you to stop ging to sorts classes , because I think muic classes a betr , becaue ou can also get a job in an orchestra or soethin like that .
ls o can wo as an atete and you can ean a large mont of money , u it 's lso so dfficult to et here an you he to be h best of them to an a good amot of money .
So , yes , I recommend you to cry on with your mus clsses , t if o prfer to do sports , I ill support y also .
I do n't kw hch of thm you ie mor , u I am se at you like one ore than th other , so if yo want to be a basketball player , do n't gve up wt it .
I recommed the music lasss more , but it 's your choice .
So , that was my opinion about or prble and my recommendation , but you are h oe ht has to tak a dcisio , so good luck ad rememb to tud also .
Ti prjec is historical research on the relationship between t Eo an Denmrk , to discover and uderstand e changes made by Denmark 's institutions a governent to dquate their social , economic nd oliticl system in relation to t new Eroean crrency .
th this research I want to discover if thoe changes helped Denmar ptect itself frm the European csis .
Th Daish measures will also be compared with other actis ten by Eurpean countries like Ita .
This stdy pojec will be develoed by studying :
-Danish an European istorical documents an evious resach bou the Er ;
-ld and contemporry Danish journalisic articles ;
-Danish and uropean Institutions such as the ECB , the Europa Commission , the anih iistry of Eonoy n Foreign Affairs , and it wil be necessar to carr out and anayse intervis th anis nd Europen politiians , econoists nd experts of this historical and ecoomic field .
Th ai is to rce e new plitica , economic d social structure of Denmark in relation to the Eo an all s onsequenes .
To ensure sety , werig safety shoes is the ost bsic asure .
Besides , different trainin a dfferent afty requement .
For exampl , on the elctr - pneumatic control training course , h orator must wear a fce mask when the machine is on to protect he from being hit by the tube ih high pressure ar . Likewise , it is also a necsary measure to trt the machine afer you r fuly prepared with a ac ak .
And h C conroller 's ires have bn protcte by inslated ruber everywhre excet the connection point .
In addition , whn operating the variable frequency drv ( VFD ) , it is necssay to s another separte emergency stp buon , whih is easy to do fo non - professionals in case of emergency .
" Your granddaughter must be rn , th a curse that cuses sorn . Imperceptible she must ecme until sh inds love .
To - sided it mst be , or else e 'll disappear forever and a a . "
ver since a curse as put upon Ale 's grandmother , te girl s een living a daunting life .
A life bng neen to human eyes .
Aile was banished to the forst at the ag of 16 .
It as th ure hat had ma er ie living ext to humans tugh .
Whenever s ws near y peson , he wuld fe trrible pi .
It ung her like tere were a million needles insid hr .
" Fate ies you a uan tha you a er . "
t o to fin ve wen you are invisble ?
The curse hs a good sd which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
I watched a movi called The ep .
It as a sto out blak maids ho worked or white familes duri the 196s .
T mvie was stoning . ome of the plos wee rather shocking .
It is hard to beiev durn t tme of sgegation , black people wee treated as second - class citizens ot only in real le but also in the constitution .
e oie revealed h ironic reality and the ignoran and stupidity of me unkind pepl drin seregaion .
It also hd sme wrm cene , showing ope , courage d sarifice .
Before I mod to Canada ,
I did not know much about African - Ameians ' hisry .
I ha har abut slvey , discrimination , hate crimes agnst black people , bu I id o know ha really hapened at that time .
N , fo bok , movies , I knw soe of the mo influenil movemens . I no Mrin Luther Kng , Jr. was more tn an activist and a pubic speaker .
I know the first peso wh ned segregation in the sout wa a 9-yar - od ir .
It 's hr to imagine wat they went through durng the cvil rigts movement .
It 's had to pt mysel in thir shoes .
What if I was an African - Aericn ? What if I had be brn during segregation ?
uld I be brave , determine ?
Would I hie behid crods ?
I reall do n't know .
It is really difficult to ee think of .
As if I can no imagine if I were a hroine of e of the enormous heoc stories .
What woul I do f my cuntry ?
I as brn d raised in China . Bein a Chinese person , it is ou obligation to remember what Japanese soders did to us uring old Wr II .
We learned enrmous herc soris abt ho those heroes sacificd ter lives for victory .
I hv no idea wy we ha to lan tose leeds , wic were full of darkness , tortue and vilnce .
It was e frst a of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived tee the night eore , b today was th ay he oud actually go expring .
They left early in he morning . Everyne on the tri s ery excited .
As so as they g to the base of th ountin trail , eeryone filled up their atr bottle a began walig .
Ma was so anxious to s all the dffrent kinds of wildlife .
Halwa through te tp , a hear a wrd noise clo by and he dcded to see what was going on , u before he knew it , he w all alone .
T nose cntinued , so he decided to see what was happening . As he turned the orner , he found himself lookin at a pma hat was badly injured .
M did n't ow at to do .
Fially , he deided to go back to th class tip and l thm know bout h puma .
He followed te trail unil , inaly , he was able to atc up wit he class .
He en to the guie d ld him about wht he ha seen .
Te guid decided to go with Max to se the puma for himself .
When they g to the locati , the guide ecide to call the wdlife protecton in that aea to come help .
Onc he wildlife protection had been abl to help te puma , everyone congratulated Max for s bavry nd help .
a could not ave en happier . "
What an amazn ay ! " , Max whisper to hmself as he got into bed tt nih .
h las documeary I saw s a documentar by National Geographic lled Oan .
It was abo life in e ocen and the consequences of climate hang .
e first thn I lernt was that we are destroyng the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Eer day , a lot of animals d du to all e rubbish we throw into t ocan .
The scnd thing I learnt as ta we have to chane h a of fising becus t fishemen kill a lot of auatic anmals , like dolphins or se turtles , ht te do n't wn to kil .
Thi is because they rg nets alng the seed and catch all te animals tt ar swimming in it .
So , overall , I would recommend is documentary to evrybod because everyone must know ht we r doing to the Eah an they us learn to lo after it ecaue we onl ha one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any lace where we can live .
I condct group and ndividul training in Hatha Yoga an Thi Yoga ( Ruesi Dat o ) .
I am ao a herpeutic Thai massae rofessinal .
A my yoga lessons an msage sessons are conducted in line wh te Corrct Approach to Spine ( CA ) metod , so thy a very afe and asd on scientific tery .
Safey and knowledge of body echanic are ery important to the CAS vision as they give a feeing of cofidence and uderstandig to yoga practitioners .
I hae mre thn 10 ars of experience in the field of ya and fu ears of teaching .
I practised Ashtanga d Ingar 's styles of yoa and Ruesi D Ton ( yog of Thai hermits ) , learned diferent aproache during my trainig in India and Thaiand , and my practice boght me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spi shool , the w of exercising I found the afst , te most beneficial o healh and scientifially groude .
For me , the practitinr 's afty is o of t ot mportant hngs , as ahimsa ( on harm ) is o of the crucial principls of yg .
Renée Kwakenbos
Dear ruc ,
Thank u o your crcular in which yo explained yo plans for Warden Prk .
My husbn and I pprecite ey mh ht u are receptive to nw ideas .
As you know , we freuntly visit ur Health ad Fitness Clu .
The swmming oo is e favourite pot for improving our conditin .
an you imagine tht we were a bit disapinted when we read your plans to buil a second aun cabi besid the swimmig oo ?
I hop you coside th ks in is plan !
For thm ( or do I hve to admit us ) , it oud be a bete ia to build a changing room with moe space in that paicular plce .
In dditon , your proposal to proie additional equipmet for h gym and a widcreen TV o the snack bar d not get apluse in our home .
e snc a is our reward at the end of ll or sweatng , u I must apologize that soetimes we leave this place becus of i lo waiting tmes .
My recmmendation : do o hesitate to ivest in a secd icrowve .
My last , but not est , piece of advice is about h gym .
Maybe ou could consider updating it wih ew classes , such as kickoxin .
Tan you nc again o alwing us to give ou suggestions fr yo wonderful pac .
If yu ev ned me of these proposals , you can ask us !
Ki regards ,
Dar Mr Smith ,
I rea your advertisement on your internet ebsite .
I tink I am t mst suitable applicant for e job .
I uualy loo afte hildre and rlly ejoy it .
My cooking abilities ae n goo eough , but I n lar to cook quickly .
I am good at organizing and I am able to get to no a l of peope in a short tme .
I wud like to have a meetin with o to explain my skills to you in me deail and I 'll ao brn you a cp of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hopng to har from ou soon .
Sincerely Nuria
He loves surfing the net .
He surf three or ou hours each da .
He has contacts fom Cape Town to Sn Francisc an fro Santiago de Chile to Manila .
Like any young eopl , Michael live it emil , Whatsapp , Facebook an tings like tat .
Two weks ago , he t a beutiful grl on Linkedin .
She wa a foregn student in Plmia , in h rth of Syia .
Th bgn to pn some adventures together .
At a certain mmen , the girl , aed Cris , asked hi o a litl help .
He must go to a certin place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
e sai it wa a presn f er aunt , who lives in asblanca .
Michael ent to get the case .
He took h case and planned to trae to asalanca the next weekend , taking dvatage of a bank hoiday on onday .
Michael booked he trip an rrived at te pr in Algeciras on Friay evnig .
He entered the office where they chck the luggage .
A ciil servnt called h to go to the next room to pak ith him .
They entre .
Michael clsd the door nd knew at that mmnt he had made a mistake .
Tom and his campaign
A few days g , om s in the newspaper an article tat talke about t pollution that is produced by cas d the effects that tey would have in a fw yar .
Th woud ase global wamng , ausin the disappearac of wier .
The same dy , he asked his Science eacher if ti would probably happen in te future .
The Science teacher eplined to Tom ll e poblem that global wrmig would caue d he proposed to m to do a campaign to raise awareness bou the ue of rs and the problems it would cause in the fuue .
To promote th cmpaign , Tom went to speak with the iretor ad they agreed that all the ks in he school oul mke a fw placards ih inspiring prass but o using cars so mh nd uing pblc tranprt more .
We Tom arrived hom , he explained to s parents everything related to the campaign a hey were ey happ .
It ad ben a very lg nd tiring ay , but Tom fel he hd achieved somthing really good .
Da ir ,
My name is Laura n I 'm 25 eas old .
I come rom Sestri Lvante , a mal tow near Genoa , in te north of Ialy .
I live rigt by the se and I 've ee rking in restaurants nd pubs ince I w 16 , whr I learned to cook and ere tles .
I am the edes of four brthers nd siste n I ed to take care of te en my arets were at work , especially becus I lv babysitting !
I can cook and I lik organizing sports and diferent tys of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to wok f ou .
I can speak English and German and I am a eally hardworking girl , always happy and cherfu ith evryboy .
I atah my Engsh C.V. so yu can rea my eferences and my past exrience .
Thank o vy ch for you in attention .
I am looking foward to hearing fom ou soon
Knd regards ,
Laura icco
ome of he future il dfintely be differet from those in which we ve crrentl .
aybe the sape of hes will not change as mc as te interior .
r sure , technology wil play the min role in every home .
Everything wil work remotely ; lightning , heating - probably there ll be a posibility to rogrm everything by ti , d , mnt and so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary nymoe .
Doors will pn to our voice , fotprit or reti sn .
Al applances wi be eco - friendly .
There wl nt be a home without air - conditning nymoe .
Room configurations an tyle will be somewhat iffeent - more glaing , or open spaces .
Homes in general will be more ry .
The dcr will be simpler and more modern .
he oinant colo will be whte , but there ill be ome elmens in more vid colours .
The materias will be plasic ad etal .
Unfortunately , we ca n't kw that for sure .
We 'll s th our w eyes in twenty , abe fty years .
One yea ago , Rober Stromerg dirced " Mleficent " , from the flm " Sleeping beauty " .
The cast includd Aneelina olie as aleficen , Ele Fnning as Princess Aurra , Sharlto Coey as King Stefan d Sam Rley as Diaal .
This film is et in Engnd .
T film is about Maleficent , who becoes bad becaus se is abused by tfan , he rue loe .
Lae , Stefan becomes King ad dides to cut down th magic frest , whr lives aleficent .
Then Sefn 's daughter , Aurra , goes to li wth three fairies .
Malefice fins Aurora and they become friends .
When Aurra is sixteen , h falls aleep because Maleficent hd cast a spell when Aurora ws young .
T three fairies lea a prince , Philp , to the csle becase he has to give th kiss of tu oe .
After ha uroa des n't wake up .
Maleficent is sd n se makes alogies and she kisses Arora .
The prices wakes up .
Finally , aleficent overpowers Sefan .
At e e , uora lves it aleficen in the magic forest .
e cast is excellent and the colr in the photography is spectcuar .
It is wll worth eeing !
I tin lening is lke a wapo for a indvidual a enables him to be ke a champion .
Nlso Madela said , " Education is te mos poweful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
Learning as no nd . We spend l of our lives learnn frm circumtancs we face .
Lerning not ol mans studig in schools , niversities , c .
, ut it also eas improvig your sills , your talents .
Nowadays , you hv a ot of way to arn n be better in yur lif and your caeer .
Fo example , e of thes ys is he Interet .
Y can use it to len any langage or take courses in any fid fom yo om r weeks or months if you c . hi is called sf - study .
This can be easy onl when you e determied to achieve wh you want .
Always remeber that " Education is what remains after oe has forotten what e hs learned in chool " , Albert Einstein said .
Ts oposition is about a fmou erson frm my counry .
Ti humble ad famous man is called ita Kenth .
I chose thi man becas he as a significant plyer during he slave rde .
He fought f the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
He put he Gambia on the world map .
The ambia is isitd by many tourists because of m .
Ths as led to many lak mercans isiting th Gambia fr inetment pupoes .
Kna Kenneth w a cature lav from Naima Juffera .
He was captured wil hunting ith his coleagues in t forest .
This as in 1879 during he slave trade period .
Knta was cptred because he as ryng to recue his friend who was ot in the rest .
He ca across he slav asters in h mouth of the river Gambia while looing fo his iend .
He ran away from them but they ater catred him with hei dos .
Kunta was sold to a slave master in South Amerca .
He oked very har in the sugar planttion for t slave maser .
Whle in captivity , he fought o te rghts of al the black slaves in the mp .
He refused to work more than eight our a y an he refus to take orders from t slave master .
He was refsed ood bu he ke going ith s strike .
He was later gien te opportunity to learn English .
He attened he sae lss wit other relatives of e ave mates .
He d very well durin ther exam d s given nther oppotuity to teh Engih to ohr saves .
He was fous and rspeced in the sla ap .
t was atr etrayed by hi slave masters .
He oranised demonstrations whc trned out to aolition of slaver .
He died during h demonstration .
But his nme was written in all ester natin newspapers as a rve m .
Because of is eforts hat l to the ablition of slaey and freeom for capturd slves in the cp .
The Gambia is wel now to adventurers a tourists .
The istory of Kunta inta is part of our natonal history .
The statue of Kint is situate at the entrance of Banjul .
Knt wa n ly a reat man in the ambi , but a her .
Publc transport is a public y to take people from oe plac to another .
In this era , hre are an typ of publ transport use by pople . r eample : bus , train , monorail , light - ail - transit ( LRT ) , ti , and so on .
Most peope s plic transport to go to tir worplae and travel rund the ty .
Some wokers chose to use public tranpot ather an heir own ar .
This is becue they wat to avoid the traffic jams .
Mosty , ty prfer to e pubi transpot more thn h r bause it can avoid he trafc jams and sae tim to et to teir workpac arier .
It can ao save money as a price of e ticket fr public transport is ceaper compard to l costs fo using a r .
In iw of al of these points , it is not wrong to sy that public transport is still avilabl and very useful in or daily life ; even thouh tee e many ype of car , which ar mre onvenent .
So , tre wil be a future for public transpo because of it benefits or advntages to human ociety .
It is very frendly tanspotation whee pple from ll places meet on ne tranprt sytem and they ca build a relatoship between tem .
Aditionlly , the pollutio , such as he , wil be decresed because few people s t car .
As a conclsion , there is a fuue fr public transport and it is also covenient to use it or travelling .
We will o have to orr about where to fid a parking space r the car a we c enjoy t rip .
Dear ir or Maam ,
I have ee your advertisement for e job at e USA Sumr Cmps advertised in the local newspaper on the sevent of June .
I 'm 18 yea old and I 'm a final year secodary school stuet .
I believe I 'm a ood candidate for ths job because I have pased th E examination nd in a ew months I will be taking te CAE exam .
I also speak Spans and Portuguese due to he fct tht I hae aily in bth countries .
I am articuarly iterested in his job due to he fc at I ha already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and race ) or to yeas a I 'm very passionate about ing with children . I would be able to organise sports d vening ctvities to , because I have hele th many events at my scoo .
Unortunately , I do n't have much experience of wrking in ktchens , ut I think I 'm hardworking eogh to pll it f .
With eference to my caracter , I am vr organised , friendly and determined .
I lok fowrd to heaig from y soon .
Yor faithfully , Laura
From : yo@gial.com
To : summermps@bt.co
Subject : Aplicatio .
Dear Mr Cnnigham ,
I am writing to apply for on of the camp monitor ositions u advertised in at Monday 's Daily Nes . I am interstd becse this ost wl gve me complementary experience .
I am 18 years old , an I am quie self - confidnt and a reliale peon . I used to ta care of my young boher quite often n I e on well wh young cildren .
I have en wrkig in everal camps dung e at year . F hs easo , I have some releant exeriene in this ea . In addition , I am din a degree in eachig at the Universty of Londn , d durng h last quarter I have ben in charg of a group of sx children during ativities related to sports a cooking .
r all th different reasons described abov , I beive I wold be suitable f is os .
If yo require an urter informaion , do n't hesitate to ntact me on 666777555 in t evenings .
I would be vry grateful if ou would consider my application for this pos .
I look forward to hearing fr you .
Yours sincrey ,
Raa Pons .
I 'm not a sportsman . I ie watchng basketball , teni , football , but my favorite sport is uning .
A lt of pepl lk it , I think because it is the cheapest sprt .
We ed ly amazing runni shoe , and that 's al . OK ... ,
we ned at least 45 mintes r a , or at lst 3 times a wek .
I loe thi sport !
Fr me it is like meditation . I cn tink abo eeryhing or nohig .
That is my decisio .
It is vr gd for the irculaion . Runng hps me to be in good sha .
I do n't want to lose weiht , I at to ep it , n I want to t my farite dsset , if I wat ...
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If ou have 2 legs , yu can !
Bu goo shoe , n t first time , 5 minutes ' rnning is enough !
Do n't run to much and to quikl !
Go evr seod day . u at your own pace , and t next week yo ca do or ! ... and one dy you will n a half marathon , an y will be stong , fresh nd so confident , like never beor !
I have the pleasure of giving tis essay to Ms .
Eliot , my ecial Englih teahe .
Te resturant I would ov to rvie for te lass is one of the mst opular restaurants located just nea te downtw paa .
It is called the ' Egyptia Cuisine ' and is ame atualy represents what it has to ofr .
It offers a delicious Egptian enu whic provides enough dshs to cover ll tastes . As an example , their elicious fresh gplant traditonal sala .
If there is anything tat faor th restaurant , it s to be th quantity they ser ; a surl sufficie quantty along wi the rul secil qulity lavs this restrant as one of the best in on , if no in he whole cuntry .
at abot he mazing ccentric atmosphere they av to offer ? Wt a solful lv bn and an elegant dinin t , hir atmosphere adds to the flavor of their food .
In addtio to that , the will be able to offer a conncte table that could f the whole cls , professionally nmed the eeting tal .
To come to t pont .
Th restauran has to be e right choie for to reasons . irtly , it offers a taditional me whic will be sure to cover al different tastes .
Secondly , he lively tmosphere it offers il surely keep e class entrtaied during t etire dnner .
At the ed of my essay , I wuld like to devote his paragraph to thnkin my wondrfu echer o this oppotunity to fer my sincr opinion on h topic .
Ma thak n I hope o a wonderful tip , rgardless of t restaurant vote r .
My irst day at U came as a surpris to me .
In the vry first class , I was asked question by t eacher .
It was a very dfferent experince to learning in orea .
It was not ony the first class at I a to speak ut in class .
Altough it was t easy to get used to such a taching style . It did not ta long f me to realise what tehers ere expecting ro us and w they were doing so .
Participation in class by akig and answering questions demans more active thinng from us .
Nobo would deny th significance n effectiveness of modern tecnoloy , aving revolutionised l spheres of human ies by providing a grat number of remarkable advantages , sh as mas production , infomation n communication devces , as well as medical n scieniic breakthroughs .
Hoever , it a so reatd ome alarming prblems , namly envionmntal destruction , nd increaing unemployment and health concerns .
hi esy will attempt to analyse oh sides of this controversial phenomenon wh some aplicabl upporing eas .
To bgn with , eidently , technological progress has noticeably enhnced qualty of individuals ' ves , conributing to the economic growth of numerou nations .
To illustrate , machinery d h use of fertilsers in agiclture have helped to develop mas prodction a increase th availability n qantity of vrios yes of od , haing mae them ceaer a more affordale .
My favourite spor is a Tamil por nwn as Kabadi .
I believe any of us do o have the faintest ia abou this sport .
At t outset , l me tell you about this sport and how it is plyd .
It is played in a ox daw on he ground t size of a vlleyball court .
A central line divides the bx and a lin is dan nsie ec bx abt 2 ee fm he line which nds t x , and this ne is poudy called Ella kod(Borde Lie ) in Tamil .
There will be 2 teams and ach team onssts of 6 players d th laers assume th ordr ie as thei w border .
hs makes the game war - like a ery special to Tamils .
Th rules of ngagement are uite siml .
The ist d ost importt rule is ou do nt let the opponent payer who rads yo iel ( the box ) touch your border ( Borer Line ) . The secd rle is o do ot et the opponent coss over t ' No man 's lan ' ( T centre le ) , wh the opnent touches your borer .
e oppent mut rie a le when h other one touches h border to tell them " Lo , I am in or trritry " . If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his ied , no shame in th , b he des n't get an pins .
ut bfore etreaing , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then the raide gt a int and h person wo was tuched by the ider is dead ( Out ) .
Ea team ts an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternately , and the frst one to aid is ecded by th toss of a coin , as is usual in most ames .
A number is decide to cont the dead ones nd wichever tem aches tt number fist loses the game to th other .
The rul are pretty simple , bt the gae is uite tough , you could urt yourself reay badly .
It tas a day to cnt the scratches on your body after t game .
But ta is the reason Tamils eno the ame a they cherh it .
Why on earth do they love cts , scrtchs and sca ! e th sick ?
One might wndr , but we can fi the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 0 E .
It ss te brver of a mn is reckoned by te numbe of scars on h bod , ecpt on h back , because hey thought to be ad on th field s far better than retreaing .
There are accounts of a won who cut her brat becase se found h son 's oy pierced by a long naro sar - le wean in h back rher tan in his chest .
So , I li this gam because it reflects the Tam culture 's important value , which giv ih rank to bravery .
I love to pa th am wi my fiends in my villag , a ver refrhing gm , I would say .
Not xams or wedding or the fit day of schol ,
one of the mos excitin days of my lie w the 2rd August 2014 .
It old seem ver stnge , but I w very excited , because ,
on this de , te BC released h nw sries of Doctor ho ...
It is a popular nglsh scienc fictio sers and it tells te story of the adventures of h " Doctor " .
The Doctor is an alien fom e pane Gallifrey n he travels in a of time a space wth his opanions , who are normally humans . In his experiences he sved whole lanets fo her bd aliens .
I think octr o is toally different from othr science fiction ilms . It a always one t unthikale , the impossible , things that no one le has en dreamed of .
Doctor 's ravelsmachin is a Poiceox ... it is small and lue outside , but it is bige on t insid .
I lie Doctor ho very uh . I hv always dreamt of travelling everywhere in tme and spc since I ws a little chil ! ! !
! If , ( one day ) I hv h possibility to do it , I will go to distant glaxies nd I will e ow the universe ean .
In my opinion , this sees wa woderful nd , I look forwrd to t net n !
Hi Chi Tình ,
leas be nforme that al purchase reqets whih hve ben placed since early 215 have not been approved f processing by h managers .
he 014 xenditure for collections is tken out of the lbrary udet in 2015 .
Besides , the libry budt in 2015 a be reduced .
For t ret of 2015 , the ibray will nt be purchasing ay ollectios fm i budget .
Any ugnt ook requests are to be raised directly wth your ad of Center .
We recmmend you to consider e electronic content available through these library subject gides .
If you have any concern rlatd to h lbray budgt and th approval of purcase reques , plee cntac Ms. Clae O'Riley , nior Lbrary anagr .
My apologies fo any frustration o ay have .
ank you ry much for yr understanding .
Regards ,
Cau
Eily ne e ould have to ce to a dcision soon .
The Hemaster ha ased his shoo 's teaces to begi a class in English nd se was one of them .
he b questio was wheth s ould be able to engage herself in ti new activty .
She had been trying to mprove her Engih skis sice Septembe by tkin an Engls course , but she still lt unready to cover a whole mah topic uin tis langug ih te lil metod , because she a pace at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking d writing the level se a joined ater ong a specific test wa oy B1 .
Ater thnking a l about te ositive an negatve aspects of ti question , rfering also to the qalit of her aching method and the ime she had to pnd preparin e math toics in English , Emily decided to acep te challenge and to engag herself in this n adventure .
Wen I think about Th Home of h Futre , I c se a lot of nw tings ta cud simplify my daily fe .
I tin ha peopl will live more ecologically .
In Te Hm of he Future verybod wll segregate wae ad take are of e envirnmen .
People ill have a deic that pus out th lgt when we leave he oom .
We wl have furniure that does not stain .
We il al discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machines that walk he dog or wash it en we do not have enuh time to do ti .
We will all have vacuum leaner that will dust everything withot u knoledge .
Kitchens il be different to .
We wl have equipmnt that will prepare meal f us ih ol one ress of a uton .
hen we wo n't dram about geat , Itlian spaghetti , because our stove will do it better than any talin cook .
Ta is the kind of house tht I want to resident in in wenty years .
Th answe to this question depeds on whre y live .
If t ace where you ve is a relatvey larg cty , you will a indeed : " We obviously need pubic rnsport ! Everyone nos what happens on t strets in he rush or ?
Yu can g tuck in a traffic jam for hours ! " .
It sems that if pople dd not trav only in their beatiful cars nd ook a s or he etro , th air oud be cleaner , h city wld become less noisy etc .
On h ter hn , if yo live in a smal ow or village , or anse is : " Of ourse , I prer my ow car or bicycle to publc transport , if I am not going a .
I have moe idas whe to ravel by ca , as public transport 's routes are "
Yu attitude to pubic trasportaton strongly affcts h quity of public transport itse .
I an the timetbl puncuality , time interval uil the next bu an so on .
Finally , how b e owds are on the bu or ubway a in the rush hour , w convenet it is for yu to be there , rather than sitting in yur n i - condiione ad prect looing c .
That is all I ould like to say at this oit .
" Reolution nmbe o : Obviousy will lose tety pound . Number to : Always p last nig 's pantes in he landry baset .
Eqall importnt , will in sensible boyfrind to go out wth and o continue to fr romantic attachments to ay of h folowing : alcoholics , workhoics , commitment pobi 's , peeping om , megalomaniac , emotional fuckwits or pererts .
And especially wl nt fantaize about a aricular person who embodis all thes things "
- Helen Fielding , Bridget ons 's Diar
I w always fascinated by this American traition of maing a resolution ist .
It s someting new to me and that 's w it attractd me so ch .
he id of writing a blog triggered my mind as well .
The frt ste to it was my iay after vsting Sch ith my friend in 20 .
I had a copybook where I wrote sm itresting fcts about tt rmakable trp for me .
nce th I have been dreaming abo olecting my impressons nd emoris .
As my sister constantly says , " o 're lucky because you have the memory of a goldih . Y reember absolutely othig . "
It took me a t of to amit tis at again .
In contrast to my ister ( she ha an extraordinary mmory ) , I forget everything easily and ke looing for w emotions and aventurs .
A yea a , e ie of beginning a bl ce to me as advi fro an English teacher .
He rcommnded me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
Well … .
Mabe it 's real time to make a resolution d to begin writng it .
I 'm going to kill wo brds wih ne stone - my blg wl he me to colct my mmorie and master my English . h tird brd will be my hatr of wrting .
I have ated writing since schol .
It was a family tragedy wh I got a task to rit a composition for my litrture lass .
Such tasks made my family busy for an eveing a , nyway , I always had a pr mark .
So my dear blo ( I hard tat 's te ay I have to interact with it ) , you wil be about nothing .
oo
She : I decidd my og would be abot nothing .
ut a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : ll . I think I will i :P You wo n't be able to write bot noting for very ong :)
She : sure .
I have so muc nthng in my head to write abt .
Le 's t started !
To ,
anger
Dte : November 6 , 15
er Sir / Madam ,
umbl and respectfully , I would like to inform you d you organzaion that I am t aprpriate candidate for you .
I have ecenly finished my undergraduae rogram .
Whch is in sport mangement and I also av exprienc of kitcen work .
I ha completed a 6 month ocationa cookery course .
I do pat - tie work at a chool hostel as a eacher .
I am a 24-year - old mle , ad I ov to do challenging tasks .
I am the bt candidate for your job to execute hh eslt of excelence .
If ther are ay posiins avilale , thn please ie one to me .
It will be my grea pleasue to wrk with you d your ranization .
If yo uld ive me a chance to wk th you and your oganization , it would be a great pleasure for me .
Looking forard to earng fo you .
Sincrely ,
Pradip Anand Ktri
The fute .
No one cn ell what it wl be like .
T cosmic era , communications , easy ccess to t Internet - al of tee things will beome cmmn in te distant future .
As a result of hese changes , pple wll chage , d their way of life wil as well .
Fr exampl , the spead of IT technlogies will change economics and te financial system .
People will stt purhasng all iems from e Internet .
ew methos of trasportation a eed up t delivery to the purchser 's om d , as a rsult , it will improve t qualty of service .
e new communication networks ll transorm h whl wold it a i village where everone will be ale to contat ay person .
The deveopent of spa technologies and comanies connected to construction of spacecraft a ive rise to space toursm .
The Earth , t Moon , may Ms , il l be uh close to manin nd tere will be another ret la towards it .
I hop I will se such a future .
I ope it wil be real for me to e w humans wl lnd on Ms , ow this wl become comn .
I blive that ublc transport does n't hve a futr because travelling by car is so muh mr convenent an comforable .
When u tave in your own car ou do n't have to wait o a specific me n you can go anywher , but when you travel on public transport you st wait for t ti wh te public tranport can tk you .
I hink that is the main prble , b you n so chane hee you a oin to .
With public tansport , y must go to the poits along the route .
The seats a more comfortable in a ca than in a bus or th underground .
Tt 's hy I prefer travelling by car instead of pbli ranport .
My dear Jo ,
I am vy glad to read this good nes . It is the first tep towards t inal result and I wil try to do my bt to give you uefl information for ur interview .
But before at , it is mortant that o ve a generl iea abt my company ; t business nd goals .
It opned more than twenty year ag and stil n is the eader in th cmical scor .
eember th is funametal fr ea interview .
The a of t vet , dres not too formal but also not to informal .
Ty to be spontaneous nd not too slice .
Also , it is ne to e a polite a smley pero .
Do not talk to muc , as it is a smptom of anxiety .
h frt ar of th interview is many about your private life ad studies .
May you c gi me general information bou your lat job .
Do n't worry bout the people who wll interview you .
I worked on that team moe tn e yars ago ( new epoyee recruitment ) nd I cn guarantee that fo the irst interview it is important only to me a god impresson .
If you do it ( an I 'm sur you will do it ) you 'll rceiv anoth appointent .
I oe to have ai everything .
When you get here , sen me a tex .
It wll be a grea plesur to hae a cofee togther .
Good lu fo e future .
Recently I saw " Prisoners " , a great triller .
Thi film is aou the kidnapping of wo little gls .
Everyone in the vilag ris to find te children .
h main characr is the father of on of the children .
h man is rall frigened nd this situaio makes hi more a more desperate ad he an not control i reactions .
I enjoyed tis fm a ot ecaus it lds you attenin all e tme .
In my oinion , it is rally exctig , because yu ar constantly thining about wher e girls are or wo cul be th kidnaper .
I would recomend " Prisoners " to t sdent flm cb becse it has t features tha you want .
I believe hat if you re lking fr an interesting thriller , this hiller is he ght o .
Howeer , thre is a problem and that is that t film show a lot of violenc nd it shuld no be seen by chidren , nl by teenagers or older people .
At an cse , in my opnion , it is a great ilm wich many pple il ejy if they ee it .
We ha awas be tryig to fid our origins .
We want to ko and uderstand what is appenig nowadays and , for ths reason , it is ipotant to know what appened before .
T way I e it , findng the rign of languages can be siila to knowing r wn family tee .
ecause tha can give us a lot of new information about ourselves th we id n't know .
On te n an , it can be fun to imagine a create th sry of ho everytig happened frerly .
But on the other and , we can hae too much imagination a be disapointed with te tuth .
That aways depends on wh we ere hoping or .
In my opinion , there are so many thngs we have to discover yt , n much more we hae left behind as we prgress .
Consequently , there will be contant research into te fild of our origins .
My favourite sport is not a sport as yo may thn of it .
Mos people who do sport want to be f and say halth .
Sor is conected ih oving a lo in any case .
My favourite pot is different .
ll , it keeps me fi , but n my body in e first istnce ; it 's goo for my brain .
I ply skat .
Skt is an old Gera card game .
u play it wt 32 ads nd ou eed 3 or 4 people who are abe to play it .
I eoy playing it so muc eause it 's rely hallengng .
Every game is diffeent .
Thee re so many pions fo which card to lay d whi clor is trump .
Secondly , te peopl y play with are vry diffent too .
I nw a buier who plays vry wel and a pofessor h - hmm - so to eak - stll needs so more practice .
I also teach children at th age of 10 or 11 w to play it .
My usand and I la in t clubs .
If you re very god , you cn take pat in competitios .
There are German cmpionships ery year ad there is a leagu , to , wee teas of 4 lay against each the .
And , of course , people pay skat in pubs and win me cuts of meat .
I hpe ou can imgie how much I like my obb .
I really ca n't unrstand hy chss is considered to be a spt an sa is n't .
It helps me to sy ft and makes me forget l the wories an srss of my work da .
he it coes to helping comuities , pope ha dffeent atitudes twards ether young peole nowadays do not give enough tim to helpi their cmmunitis or no .
Some eple thik oung people send eough tme on helpin the ommunites . Howver , otes isagree wi he idea .
Although youg people are requird to help hir communities every week , actual it is still o nogh .
It is rue tha young people a reuired to hp their communities by their school or comanies .
It is also rue tat these kinds of requrements really wrk , and ny communitis are benefited .
Actually , there a mn communities that still do not receive enough help , othrwie man oial isue an events would not be discussed again an gan .
Many factrs reult in this phenmenn .
The world is bcoing moe and more coetitive . ong peopl ve to spend a lot of time ducatig themsles to srvie in this society .
oug people n only have to spend a t of time makig themselves qualified in oe specific sujet , they alo ave to have a wie rne of knowled .
Fo ample , to be oustanding enough to go to the bes universiy , students have to erfrm well in their curiculum , such as literature n science , they lso have to be oo at music or doing exercise .
Therefore , the do not hae much tie to hep eir communities .
Te salaries a not good noadys .
To suvive in the a of infltio , young people have to et mre tn n job .
They have to do ful - time jobs in the daytime , nd hav a part - tie job at nigt .
Needless to say , if young peple have to ak care of thir parents or hildre , hey ave to make moe mne .
Sil , yong people do not ha muc spare time .
To sum up , the orld owaays makes young people survive by themselves , a they do spend a lot of time helin others .
Sakeseare 's path to Russia ws rter thorny .
Thi is o surpsing .
hle William Shakespeare wrote his plays a made e thespian art lorish in England , in Russia it s the very dark an sinister period of Ivan he Terrible 's rign .
So , in Russian print , th ae of Shakespeare is mentioned firs in 1748 .
First translations appeared at t nd of the 18th entry , bt is is not Shaspeare actually , becue they are translated fo German or Frnc ad th translators cange the plots as they wanted ( and turned thm into tearjerkers as a ru ) .
o example , in on of the " Hamlet " translations , the ai subject of e ay turn out to be the relationshi etween Hmlt d Opheli and Opheli , in the meantime , tus out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviusly to make Hamlet 's torture cmletely unbeaabl ) .
It is close to unbelievable , bu at first crtics and educated people found Shakesear rude , unpetic and unpatriotic ( hame on ou , bli nd nrow - nded people !
Once oe unto the brech ! ) .
But everything anged quite rapidly te .
he first accurate translation of mlet from the original was published in 12 .
By 15 , nly six pla hd bn let ntraslated .
It came into fashion ad becam honorable to trnslate Shakespare .
Rsian society gradualy began to appeciate Shakespeare 's skill at portraying the greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" T sun of Russian poer " , Alexander Pshkin , took English lessons o the sake of bein able to read Shakespeare .
d h drma oris Gouov is certanly inspired by Macbeth .
In t poeticl draa Masquerade by another famos Russian pe , Mikhal Lermontov , we clery read Othello 's feaures .
And thse are le branches on h te of Shakespeare 's genius .
ince th ie , hkespeare has been n of ur avorite atist .
We loe i simplicity d veracity . We adre i multiplicity and imagination . We apprcate hs sraightness and audacity . We prize his dliacy and his sense of humour , of coure !
e surprs of th weeked
First , I want to explain to you ht happened to me on Saturday mornng . I had to meet up with my friend Matu at 14 am , so when he tol me tt he could n't come over ad col we meet up later , ou ca imagine how angry he de me , because I ca n't put up hs kind of person who is alwys late .
On Saturdy moning , I a to work d I a to do all th things as fast as was possible to be in the ity ntre at the exact time .
The wost art of t stry s when he told me that he a going to hav lunch it his frind .
I got ol feet . I could n't understand wat was hapening .
We wr going to hae uch together , but he was going to come latr .
Dspite ll , this I tried to calm myelf down and I wnt to the lrary until Laura ae to town .
During th afternoon I tried to eep my smile all the time because I dd n't fcy going explain wa was wrong wth me .
inaly last ngh , I was tudying in my room when h doorbell ran . I went to open the oor and outside wa my frind Matu .
Ti tok me by surprise .
He waed to exlain to me at the problem s .
At the beginnin , I di n't an to alk with im b , on second thoughts , all people deserve a eond chance .
Al in l , he aplogize a in the n , eveything was resoled .
We wi go on bein friends .
Hello , my name is Sebasti and I will talk abot Au Historico , wch is a restaurant in Mxic Ct .
The restauran is on Iabela Católica nmbr 30 , suburb Centro Hisrico in Mexico City .
Al Histico is a dierent esaurant and is ocated on the patio of an od biling in the zocalo . The te of architecture of the place is oloial d beween the tals are se trees , and these trees shade h diners when he re eain .
When you are eating you ca se me brds ta ar in he trees , so it makes this restauran unusua an dfferent than others .
e servic is ood , the waiters serve excellently , h food is delicious , but sme periods of he year t place is full of people and ou ed a reservation or to wit a ong ime fo a tal .
The cost of te restaurant dihe is expensie a is around 150 - 300 pesos .
It is so difficult to choe the three best dishes of the plc but thes three are sme of the bst tpial dishe in Mexico : the " Cocinita ibl " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchpoclada " .
" Carne Enchpoclaa " you ne to chose t ea ( pok tenderloi , bef stea or deer ea ) a it is accompanied by a auc of chille cipotle ih otaoes cambray . "
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to chooe e of h three ype of meat tha I mentioned , but hi is accompaned by a combination of 7 different yes of moles orignatng from Oxac n the ls di is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mxico .
If yu at a different an unique restaurant , u must go to Au Historico , bcuse it has delicious food , sometimes s rgional sic n the ervce is excellent .
If we onsider th poeniality of his means of comuniation , te elevisio would be one of h st important inventios of ths la cetur .
On h ther hd , despite the numerus documentaies , news and cutural programs whh ae roadcast every day , another fact at must be considered is th incredible amot of so - called rubish TV , wih h been impacting bady on he youge generation , and e extreme violence of some moie transmitted even duig times that should be cnidered as a ptected band for cildren .
Furthermore , I shoul pobably menton he eormous umber of advertisemnts that peope are forced to watch every single ay once hy have swithd on hs o .
In my opnon , he el poblm of this potetally uful to is the fact that telesion is essentially a pasve men of communication .
As a atter of fact , viewers e not bl to decide e script , ut ey can still dcie to switch the television off .
er the ps year , hmans have renewed nd mproed scientifc prgres and this causs a b hage in te life of evey a .
irst , technlogy has radically changed h daiy lfe of a simple famil : a computer sem to be ncesary nd in eer house ter is more than n TV .
Conversely , with he laest medical dicoeries , dctrs are able to ret many of the wold 's diseases .
inally , with the exploitaton of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
Well , there are a lot of different opinon , ut I do nt agree that the efects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
Dear Sr or ada
I am writing to apply or the pstion of loor manager in your lae deprtmen store .
As yo an see on my CV , which I enclo wih this letter , I have studied Inenational Trade an have a dere in Economics n Marketing with high grades fr the London Economics School urig four years .
I did a Master 's in Business Manament in the prestigious niversity of Harvard .
Also , I have a degr in IT rom th oogl University . I d that course online .
I ve worked in Harrods for fie ears as a shping assistant , d ow I am working at h Apl tre in Cont Garden as for manager . I am in charge of 15 mplyees .
I am looking for e chance to work for yor cmpay becae I kow that yu store is the lader in large departmen stoes in the UK a last year our company won the priz of " Bes plc to wor in 203 " , d I want to shar my knowledge and my work exerince to improve you profits every yea .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Yours sincerely ,
Iñg .
Nowaays there e a lt of different form of condiionng hat deep influence people so that they eel t need to buy secific brands of ims , bect , cas a so on .
Fo eample , very day we are invadd by fcts from news on TV but it very often happe tat ome information is ft in the backgrond , hereas es imortant information is broadcast in its place .
Similarly , on TV , during he ows , between one programe n nother , we are bombarded by t same d all he tm .
For tis eason , I think hat very a we are continuouy surrounded by information , es , advertisng so that we do n't have enough time to think wha is realy imprtant and what we relly ne in our life and we cn ll be influenced very easily .
To hm it may concern ,
I am writing to yu regarding your averisement f a job in h USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would ik to pply fr his position u to my experience in thi field .
I am a 25-ya - l grl a I have be rking in summer camps in my country during the summertms .
My mn tasks ee : takig ca of chiden ad 10 - 15 , organisig vents suh as parties , wimming competitions , outside sports matches t . , and overall , I ws in charge of prearig and cooking eas for more than 50 people .
Curetly , I am very interested in woing in t tate in order to improve my English .
In march of 2014 , I got my First Certificate and I oud be delghte to up my level n get the Advanced Level nd this cane to join your company would be a grat opportity to mpove my English .
Fo all the reaon , I am the ot suitble candide or this pst and my experince is pof of hat .
Pease , do n't hitate to contact me if yu equre any furter infrmation .
Yours fathfuly
Gloria Caaballo
e lm I wold lik to review is an od fm I 've alwy enoyed : Yng Frankenten directed by l Brooks in 174 .
is cedy , entirel shot in blck a white , is a ardy of the classical hror films , in particular it 's a parody of the films based on Mary hlley 's etter - kno book , an presents a ot of eeents that give this film a rally hlariou mark .
The performace of en Wilder , as the ain character Dr Frankentin , Marty Felman , as the unchacked asistant Ir ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and th other meber of the at is aazin d as made Yung Franknstein one of the o omedies of all time .
Dear Sir / Madas
I am wriin becau I wou ik to attain t First Ctificate in Engls ( CE ) .
I ha ted three times to pass this exam but I failed .
Do ou run a course which prepares for hs diffiul exam ?
I am looking forward to hearng from y .
Yours faithfuly
here are ny difernt types of music in the world toay .
Why do we need msc ?
Is the tradional music of a county more impotant tn the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
usi is a peial world .
It has it own ues , toos and people who are specialized in it .
Ovr decads , music is an tenal art ich develos day by y .
We ee music most of the ie or even every single dy , to nrich our as with happiness an joy , and also to melt ay orows or depression that cn afct us nd pevet us from doi u bst .
Musi is a scence ! Yes it is .
It has many branches and types . Soe ae traditional : wnd by any part of the wod , and the ohr internainal typ that all people thougout the orld sar .
T traditional or local musi of a certain area as its thumb int on he peple in that par of te wld .
d th instrumens ed in tha ocal usic may va fom one sot to another .
Because e people te to mke them rm their own bac ultre .
For example , In Nortern Sudan , people have been usig th " abor " as a traditional siritual ol fo thr sns .
Internatioally , the kinds of usi e many . However , most of them hae the sam instrumets .
In particular , the iano is a uiversal instrument that is ed by many musicans as a pimry controler of h rhythm of the orchstra .
Last but not th eat , mui is a sort of tretment fo those who are suferig , so , regardless of its ype or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine fo the soul .
And I enjoy it ey much .
The pohibitio and etruction of ooks has ccurre in hiorical periods li the inquistin . Knowlge as manipuaed by th poweul socal statements uh as te Cahoic Chur d mnarchie , since knowledge thouh ook ha become a teat to teir power ihin he soial pyramid ; therfore , those powerful soia statements hse what books d ot violate hei thought in der to tanscrie them .
Although some ideas re maintained , ( for instance , the astronomy of Galileo Glilei ) , the book - burning case a delay in knowledge becaus , if books were urned , the knowege coud not circulate .
Neverthless , a knowledg revolution as ceatd wt e nvention of the movae type rinting press by Gutenerg ( 40 ) ecase it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Arstotle and so on , authors againt political , religious n scial issues coul prad their ideas to more people who were becoming awae of the power of the writte wr , creating scial revoltions such as h Frech and American ones .
In ddition , it produced colective readng throuh the cclesiatical method , wth t purps of dssminating the nowldge ebodid in books to all socia classes .
On h othr hand , at present , pple idntfy aother knowledge reoluion , the internet , in whc access to knowledge is eair ad faster , laing aside boo .
om the abve , as ar as I am ccerned , wen Franklin Roseon agus that " bos c no be killed by fir .
ople de , u oks nver die " , it epends on h histoical ie and te techncal evoltion of this me , taking into account that knowldg evolution is lways accompanied by a technical revolution hic supports the spread of the formation . o instance , in te inusition , the knowledge ws limited bcuse it was embodied in bok .
Although tre was an oral tradition , th knowledge w adapt to t political and religius thought of he speaer . So , th mt efficient d objective way to tranmi knowledge was through boos , an it was not possible cause of th burning .
Nonethless , with the invnion of te movable type printing pre , knowlege wa dfferen fo the cces to it .
If one ook was burned , ther re ten book more without restrition .
In contras , noways , bos re not necessary at l , becuse e intrnet facilitate knowleg ven more .
Ta is why I oul aat the hrase by Frnklin , aying tat " nowledge a t be killed by pepe ecaus knowldge is infnit . "
Nowadays wt we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadys it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every dy , causing te to fee bad about themselves .
Accring to the CDC , th ercntage of chldre aed 6 to 11 years d has increased from 7% to aout 18% in 32 yas in the Uned States .
Ths man tht in e pst three decades , obesity ha more an dubld in children , am tht had dseases st li diabtes , asma , cariovascular ik facto , ental health disoders and musculoskeletl problems .
This disease is not ust about ll the physical n halth consequeces that suffere ae , but also th mental ones .
A lt of kids grow up th a different ay of thinking us because of he daae that chdren can ase . One exale is t famous " bullying " , the rincipal method that kids us to nny the one that look diferet .
Te best ay we ca revet childhood obesity is by recommendng all families a special doctor hat can elp the to gie a safe le to thir chlren .
Nutritionists are pecilists ha kno a l abut all e tps of scness that c attack children and eve e ones ta will kl tem .
Giving tem te opportunity to ta care of o and your situation ll hnge a your lif in a god way .
hy ca be thee for you , preparin enu and a bg extension of execses that will help y and change your health and dy , bu ly if y copeate .
Nowadays people buy a ot of things hat they do n't nee .
In ths essay we a talking abe a about rich pepe .
So mney , today , is really important in our ves d , in thi as , rch people r very lck .
They hae a t of money to bu things tat hey need , and things th ty do n't ed .
So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , bu this is not tre .
In fact , especially in rich famlie , he chlren are in trouble it their parens , aoe l when they have arents who are separated .
Also , st children grw up spoile because of the larg amount of money their faily hs , a hy gow up wanting more and more tigs .
t on t ote hn , there ar poor peope that aspire to beome rih .
d thse people do n't hve money for things tht the do n't need or for thing that thy ed .
So , in this cse , money is ore importan than ther things .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live wthou oney , bt we hve to cnider mre aou feeling gd with our families and with urselves .
Der irecto :
I would like to rk for you in the USA summer cam .
I ha little cousins a sters so I 'm er good with ki . I 've experinced al kinds of ituaions , so I think they wo n't be a probl for me .
About te cooking , I atnd an all - girls school an I have cooking leson onc a week .
I also like to ak ookies n someties , my mom sks me to take are of dine .
As I said beor , I have young cousins nd we meet on Saturdas so I need to tnk of activites an gams to keep the entertained .
I 'm also vry od at sort . I pratie track & field and pg pong , so sports e n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors perso , so I wl be very happy with he accmodation . I woud be very thankful to wo or you if you cide to ccept my appliation .
I hope u hve a great dy ,
Mrgo
ar Mrs Syke ,
I ve sen yo advertsemet on the internet d I wod lik to ppl for the post as activity coordinator .
I am 16 ears of age d , due to havig a sister , I rally ke wrking wt children ad aso ko eir interests ll . I have enjoyed d rctised swimming since I s eigh yer o n I ave also o som comptitios , so I believ that I am sutable for h job .
In addition , I go joging very Sunday morning with som friends .
My reaso for appling fr his position is tat I am od at combining my experience of swimin with my broad knowledge of the counryside , which I think will be iteresting for the children .
Yrs incerey
Federica Chiu
I thik that 50 years ago people could n't even iagine what li wou be lke in ou time .
Today , human civilisation is changin at a higher sed than a time in e past .
If ths wll aso be the cs in ur future , ten I thik th today we underestimate our future .
I am only sure abot one thi : technolgies wi hav a oe importat pce in r lives .
Maye in 50 yers pele wo n't wk as we do now , itead , we wll ol bid rbot .
Maybe in 50 yers we wl find u how or brin works and we wil be able to create an aificial inteligence yste that wil solve al our problems .
I would like to think that in he future we wi explore the universe more nd we wil colonise other planets .
Maybe by doing hs we will be able to fn other civilisations and excange technologies with them .
I 'd like to thin ht we ill find a way to travel through te universe at ighe sees thn the speed of ight .
I do n't think that people ill live foever in 50 years , bt I hope that h lfe of o children wl be beter than ors .
Hopefully , I have a chance of being alive in 50 years , so mayb I will see he uure with my own es .
Peter looked at i wch a knew ta he ad to do somethng immediately .
That morning his , grandmother ad on to the spital because se ad to hae an operation a h ol him to bu some magains for h , because at the hospital she 'd be boe ad she col n't get ut of bed for a few days .
H mther a working nd his dd was ot of ton and that 's why s asked m to do hr that fvou n he cld n't ay no .
So Pete went home to g is wall , but efore hat he decid to ake a n ecaue he wa tired , so he state to slep , bt it ended up that he set for over 3 our ad is other started caling him on the teephon and she s reall angry bcause he forgot to y the magazines for s grandmother .
So he wke up a looke at his wach and knw tha he had to uy em immediately or hi mther wul be even ore angry thn befre .
He took his walle and then he ran to bu the agazines and atr that he en to the hopita to giv thm to s grany .
Unfortunaely , the hospital w aread closed to visitors , so he had to wait until the next morni .
A FANTASC FUTURE
Wi tranport be differen in the futue ?
Certainly it will be .
Bt ow ?
If we hink about t future , sm sketches of famous ovis could com to our mind .
Fr eaple , we ould think abou some odd cars that can fly or beoe invisible .
t I do n't think ta in ten or twenty years sietific progrs will be able to roduc this type of transport , so we sould imagine something smper .
Actually , in my opnon , in the uture there wil be faser trnport .
In addtion , mean of transport will be able to prodc less pllutin .
Even if pepl do n't s public transport nowadays , in he ftur they ll .
d how wil our y of travlling hang ?
In the future , everyone il be ale to go on oliday al around he wld since th transport will be fater an cheaper .
To s up , I think at means of transprt in the ture ll mae ur le easie , both when we av to go to wok or to school an wen we wn to travel .
ransport wl lso respect the environment an ntre .
Do n't o think that this future is fantastic ?
For decades , man ha preferred to use another way of tting aund hn using s wn eet .
In my opnio , th w h main reas fo the invention of t wheel .
Scientists hav ben bl to provide , in rcent ers , new meas of transport , from cycles , to motorccles , motorcars , trins , mero , whi have been usd to arrange nd accomlish complte public transportation networks thouhout a country , and sometimes extn it beyond anter country 's bordr by agreement between tose countries .
Mny pople a that the prefer using their wn car , bu hey ar being forced to use public transport for many reson , such as , the complications th fae it te driver 's linse , in addition to h high cost of fuel .
Tey re mor lkey forced rter han haing to choose it as an option .
Let 's nt frge he har times during cl weaher , especially in winter , while gin to the bus tops , or their low chnces of haing a good pce to sit . Maybe there is other important reaso tt rases piate tanspor 's score comard to pulic transrt , which is molestation .
The end
Dear Pa ,
I am wrtin to tell yu bot he conce .
Lt mnth , I ejoyed helping at the Raino concert .
The m of this concet was to show tat al hilren ar th se .
I was invited to ep at a ncert by my English teacher .
I did a lt to ake is concert bete .
My teacher skd me to fin soe sos about rainows nd extracts from books aout children .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primr schol and invied schoolchildren to come to t concert .
I ha to make ne hundre invitation cads .
T ars includd e programme of e onert n some photos of children fro l over the world .
I wa realy ected aut it .
It was a ery od an useul experiee .
I gind a lot of experience hle orgaizig t event .
Aso , I learned tha u have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident bcaue finding t sponsors o a coner is quite a difficult tas . I liked ha the teaher trusted me .
I d everything by myself because everyone had something to do on thei o .
I op tht I will e this experene in my uure .
See o soon ,
Ra
I have lived in Kiev for two year .
I hav bn many times to diferent place that I did n't kow befre .
nd now I a easily peak about many shoppng faciliies in my ciy .
So , let 's begin .
To start it , u ms decid what kind of hopping o prefer an w mch ony o have .
If you wat to go to the cheap hos , o ave to go to Teremky .
You can fn many shops thre with second - ad clothes yo taste .
There ar an good thngs fr Ai , meica and Europe , of oure .
If you ae ough ney for Kiev uxury hoppin , called ' ld hopppin ' , u 'd better go on Khresati Street .
Yo ca also find many hps ih baded , expensive clothes from well - known word deigner .
I ike to go shopping there wth my es friends at the weeked .
I oftn by second - hand , old - fashioned jan , skirts , trusers , jackets and shoes .
I think it is very od for students , if yo wat to ve oney .
In onclusion , I have to sa hat in Kiev yo ca find everything , if ou realy want to .
So , oo luc .
Art / Music is less mportnt han science / technlogy .
In my oiion , technology is becoming more d more important than art nd is a necesary part of our ives .
Most people in this world ca n't iv without technology .
As so as we ope o yes eery y , we egin to e tehnlogy , such as alar , cell phones a lights .
The more technology we use , the more important it is .
Technology akes it ay to connect with our famiy , friends and co - wokers .
We a talk to ou family an friends immdiatly , hch is not limited by spa .
I ca cal my dad who lies in w Yk nw , ten cal my fren living in Nrway after the irs cll .
Therefore , if I a tuded abroad ffty yas a , I would n't ave been ale to call my famil diretl ad it was so not an easy ta .
Hoever , technology made it easier te years o n it has become more comn in recnt years .
I ca n't believe hat we keep in touch with r family and friends not only by voice a messag u also by video al nw .
Technology is ne iporant part of ou ves which has me lf more conveniet .
Bfor e computer as bo in this wol , we sed per to list somethng hich we should buy and it could dsappear or be ruined by somethng .
Therefore , we use a calculator to con umbers in a few seconds .
In the old days , we calculaed numbers wih or rain n that cou lead to ome istakes .
Our fe ha ben trnsfored ino an easy lf by technoogy .
Beids , the greatest invention is te Internet .
I sit in frnt of my computer an I get news from around the world .
If I am hungry , I can oer some deliciou food online .
As one person sad , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the old . ''
It is easier to cotrac entertainment whch can release ou stress immediately .
In h modern wod , stres always disturbs our lives .
Pressure exsts everywhere ; fo instace , yu boss was nry and shouted at y or you have to arefuly de it the relationship betwen you nd your fahe - in - law .
When yu ca n't brete in your lif , u need some entertainment ; for eampl , o c listened to music on yo cellphone or wach some nny ieos after al the hing that botherd ou .
It lowers o lod pressure nd releases ou stres .
Technology nables us to accs entertainment immediately .
Technology ha chnged our les in ma wy , whch brngs ma vantages for us , sch as convenience , ming it easy to connc it friends and easier to acess etertinment .
In conclusion , in thee three premies , I consider that technoloy and science r oe important tha ar and muic .
Science practically impres o lis .
av o read n spors agazies before ?
There r a lot of magzines in many fields of sport .
In magazines , th tell us we n see a lt of aes no matter were we are .
Wt moer technology , we can se a game wih happened on the opposite se of the eah .
Tme and pce are n't relevant or people to tch a gae .
Everyboy a a favorie sport .
Soccer is one of the popular sports for many people .
The World u is a word famous estival .
eopl cn njoy just watching the soccer ame n ey ae eager to rot for their favrie em .
Why is sccer e of the bs sprts in t word ?
Here are 2 reaons .
First of al , soccer is or active ha ther spots .
Acivity makes ople excited and remeber their memory .
This activity also makes us eno watching and plaing h game .
For example , American football always h a moment to set h positio .
To me , it is oring pon when I atch Americ footall .
I can gi you another eample .
Watchng the baseball ge as bors me .
Sometimes , a ae just ends up in a pitcher n catcer 's ball game .
Other players just stand there n watch the game ust like us .
Hover , in socer , every single plye touches t ball , even the galkeeper has a chance to ge t ll .
At this point , ere is a second reason I can give .
e second reason is that socer involves all players participating in th gae .
F basball , if the hitter could n't hi t ball , the other players oul n need to oe at al .
To me , tht is weird .
Players are on the same gron ad so eople r paying t gam n some r ot .
Pling for amot 3 hrs , ome plaer cud n't touch the ball .
Can we say the plyer aricipated in the am ?
I old not say so .
If somebody wanted to pa soccr , I old recommend at he or sh has to do some stretcig becaus soccer is a very active spot , so you always ve a possibility to be injure .
Aso , I uld say you shou we soccer shoes ad scks .
The items will help you ot to be injured .
Drinking eugh watr woud be good habit o enjoing no onl ccer but lso any oher spr .
Nowadays , many people have thir o fvorie sports , but peope are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sprt .
We need to respet other sports nd other people 's persective .
Soccer coud be o of t borng pors to other people .
na knew that it ws gog to be a very special dy or e , beaus it was her 8h birthay .
he ne tat e parents were preparing a surris fo hr , but it as kept as a big sect ntil the part that igt .
hen she came bc from shool , e paren and l her classmaes were hidin in the living room and waiting for hr .
Whe she opene th dor , the boys s off irewrks .
An did n't understand wat ad st happened .
h looked around the ivng om , a was surprised w many peoe were there .
Then he thanked her parents , a stated to ejy h prt .
He parens had orgaised many contests , musical ad kaaoke .
There wre mny swees , cocktails , fris .
Anna was hapy !
hen she nd her frinds went out and walked through al t twn until arl morning .
Ana was very happ a excited nd thanked her prent heartily for this birthday arty .
She slept all te day after this bi celebration .
Her parents looked at her , and they re happy for he .
hir ir had grow up !
ear Jo ,
I 'm vr pleased wih our letter . I 'm going to tr to give yu some adie .
In t Czech Replic , there ae ay places you sould vii .
The Czech Repubic is rch wh history .
For example , in or capital cty , Prague , there re many historcal buildings like Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vt , the ig lok calle Orlo , d so any others .
In raue is man good shop with clote , sovenis and many god things to b .
If you prefer to go to the coutryside , I c rcomend or mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumav .
Ther there is ver beautiful ountryide , peace and fesh air .
Yo ca go her just fo a lk or for some spors like runnng or cycin .
If yo go to sot Morava , you should definily t se wines or e dnk aled Slivovice .
Here there a also may ce castles .
For example , nar Praue is he castle lled Karlštj , hre Karl IV lied , or the asle alle uchlovice , whch is in the suh - east of our cuntry near t iy of Uherské Hradiště .
These re ver nice castles .
therise , t pportnities o a job here ar quite plentifl .
It depeds what job y oul like to do .
I do n't know what else to write .
If ou oud ik to a anythng or et to no more information abut some place , jus let me now .
Best rgars ,
avel
Dar Mr Smit .
I am Melina a I am intersted in your job acacy .
To begi , I oul li to a that I love children .
In my oinion , we shold build a perfect world for them to grw up in a safe nd environmentally friendly place .
I have epeience of takng care of childe .
I am te eldest in my family , so I h to take care of my sisters and cousins .
I av enrolled in ifferent oures but child developent d currently I am working as an au pr hre I have to spa Englis .
I blnged to sprts lus at my high school .
Athough I am very keen on rugby d basketball , uring universty I ok belonged to th badminton club .
An I hve just leart how to pla ie hocey .
As I have said befor , I ave to look after two kids , wih includes cooking for he .
Although ooking is my weak pont , I always tr my bes .
I oo different healhy dishes every ay for t wole family nd thy love it .
Will I have to ok my own recipes ?
English wil not be a probem because I kn ho to communicate with young peoe .
Aaitig your resose .
Meina .
My fvourite sports r gymnstics and martial rs .
I 've been doing atial at for elven years but I haven't lot the passion I el for it .
The fist matil art at I tried was ae kwon o and I pratised it for 5 years . After ht , I started kg fu and I 'm sill there .
I ave ben doing ymnastics o 4 month and am fasciated with it , I like to be tied from doing stunts , and I also feel ver healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
I like ose sports because you need a l of strength ad dedication to g betr . I lik kung fu weapn and hands - ree fms . To do somehing spectaular in kung fu , you have to do aobatic gymnasts .
I invited my frien to t tes sports and apparently they likd it , man did nt because they did not know what it ws , bu after experiencing it for yorself , ou realize that they ae vry beautiful sports .
Dar Sr or Madam ,
I tri to rene my membership twice yesterday ad there wa an error ssage bt times .
So I ave up to try it again tday .
I recived a cal from my credit cd compay ths morning to confir ad autoize hat payment , telling me hat here were two attempts to chge my creit card .
Aftr authrizng my credit ad compan , I tred to renew it , but aga , there was the same ror ssage .
So , I d n't try it again , because I tin that tee must have been a poblem not related to my redi card acount .
I am waiting for some insructions about what I have to do o to renew my membrhip .
Bst regards ,
Amui Tijerin Luna
Onig a pet is pular today vn if your home is in a big city .
Many ople today hv pets of ll kinds .
wning a pet oud beneft al meber of a famly .
First of all , a pt is a fried r he famly nd , much bett , is a member of the family .
On mor advantage of owing a p is that it hlp chldren learn to be responsible and cain .
It is so ood to adopt an animal which des n't have a home and fo ad gi it this love and afecion .
On h oter hnd , there are a t of dsadvantages to owning a pet in big ciies .
Pet ad anmals in geeral need frs air d exercise ouside nd nt to be lways in an apartmet .
I hae hed about pets that t sic through livg in a small apatment in own , and tt is trible .
In my opinion , it might seem good to hve a pet if we take are of it .
ll in all , owning a et in a big city must be done carefully , nsuring al that the pet nees .
Teevision can be caable of bo entertaining and educating at t same time .
Goo authors , I think , hv to be able to find a wy to keep together hese two important aspects .
Te first thing that I would ugget TV uthrs do , is to focus on a set of stategic topis for an avaced socity .
Environmetal protection for istance , or more racticlly , the correct use of th ater in our houses .
Another eample could be represented by frst aid activities n so on .
The topics can be easily focused on if we have in mi a model of society where individals ave a centra oe .
Vaous contents cld ha an edcatie vale . For examle , toe concerning our rlationships with others , or our relaionship with nature and with differnt cultures n religions .
ll hese opics , by using cretiviy and new technologies , can be dealt wit in a way to ae tem oft and able to entertain .
Toa , I would like to tel u a shckin piee of news .
It is that 76 peple ae onirmed dad in a Colmbian plane crash .
I think oe of you ha aeady ard ti ns .
Here is some basic infrmtion about h ew .
A chartr plane carrying 72 passegers , incluig players from Brazilian occer team Chapecoense , craed near Rionegr , Colombia , accoring to th cuntry 's civil aviatio department .
Nin crew members were lo on board .
h civil aviation agency a initaly announced tha si passengers , thre plyrs , two cw embers , and one jouralist , survived the crash .
I think it is a caastrophe to victims an their families .
Recent , more an more airpane accidents occur .
lthough I have never taken an airpane , I woul fe worry if I travelled by lan .
To void accints , th overment d airline companies ave to do oething to prevent tagedies .
For example , egularly examination of the odition of airplanes is needed . At the sme time , teching eole how to act when faing an eegency .
Thank ou r your atetion .
ramar is the most difficult part of learning English .
Thee re few ways ht hlp us master it .
First of all , you eed to preview . If you do this , you 'll ave a cler idea about what y are oig to learn in class .
It'll make yu lear fase .
Next , when y e in a class , fcu on what t teacher says , she / he will teach you an give yo a clearer understanding about grammar .
nd tey wl also remind ou aou some key pints you dd n't understand when you previewed it .
In the lss , you should take notes nd write down hat is important . If you have any uestios , then you houl a teacers to help .
They'll be glad to help .
Finly , when yo learn some ammar concpts hat re new to you , yo need to practice them . It 'll help you remembr hem and hw to use them .
If yu do all the thin bove , I romie our ramma wil improve and yo 'll mter it eventually .
I visi he Spaniards Arm qute ofen .
sully I go there ih my friends or cleagues f dinr or lunch .
Nex to Hamstea eath , ths historc Inn is fll of character .
The mu is more tan o would expect ro a pub or eve a gatro - pb .
I like e variey of e mai course selection ad drinks .
I opted fo a tak tre once .
Surprisingly , they serve it wt a lf ut bone which is ute n in itself , ven before yu tate t dish . The mased potato is creamy and ful of butter .
The meat is erfectly prpared , whetr you ordere it bloody or wll done .
Try e of te cody ciders on p and you will not be disappointed !
Taking care of our nvronment is onidered , by many of us , one of th most important higs in our lives .
Noadays , in orde to hav te best r e current ad future generations , ere are common international ay o individuals to cntribut to solving environmental problems .
ecycling is boh a poplar and an undervalued method .
Everybod knows wha separating rubbish ito diferent bin means , but , a arg prt of ociety believes that it is not wot doing it if there ar peple that do t recycle .
I old say to them , th , how do hey epain all t sheets of pape , crystal d plastic iems tat have been ma ro recycled materials , alwing us to sav tons of primal resources ?
aving enrgy is the othr important method avalable to everne .
Uing respective light bubs , househd applianes and y other thing that savs energy is he only way that individuals can help but , it is n effective .
lhough an enire town or city contributes to sving nerg in her homs , it can not be copared ith te waste of energy tt nustries re responsble fo .
In thi cse , rstrictions soud be implemented by he government .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a god argument f spporting ecyling , which is the following n : the igest waste of ener aks place in primal esurces industries . If we reused all te materials that had already bee eploited , we oud euce its coss by at least alf .
The hilis retaurant at 123 Street , Tornto , is rely a rea place to hang out .
The scrumptious food seved makes me go back here otn . If ou wa to hae a lip - smacking dessrt , this is the ultmate place .
Eeryone wl lv h apetizers an main cores serve ere .
he spie levels r suitable for eveone .
Also , te mbienc of the restaurant is marvelous .
If yu ant to have a quiet , cozy dnner , o c it at the table in h coner .
Whereas if you re ging ter to party with friends or wath a game , you t a able in a uitale plce . I elive th if we uld al go to thi restaurant at the end of our ourse , we il surely have a great time .
Toda , recyclig usd clothes is opular in apn .
or seveal years , the numbe of secondha cloting store increased and a o of people use th .
Jpnese pope take an iteest in sed othes .
It is nvolved wth a eycling pirits in he d perid .
In the Edo period , there was a society tat was cled " super recycing - rieted soiety " .
Most products ad materials were recycled an changed int e products .
People did his ithout secial efforts .
It a done ver natually in their ive .
There wee my specialists to repair , reycl and collect products in the o eriod .
Ued clthes were sl by a " gyoy " , which means pedler .
In 1723 , her were 1182 secondhand clothing sors .
That s ust the nubr of unon members , so in fact , there wre more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
The key reason hy the used clothes indstry expanded is " kiono " .
Kimono as a vey sile structure .
It can be mae fom used clothes by patchig nd daring .
Another point is tt loths was more vluale than n .
So peope s a igh vlue on clotes .
For hse reass , se clothes took ld in jan .
After that , esten clothes became popla in Japan and t recycling sytem ws forgotten fo a long tie .
However , secondhand clothing stores ave been increasing in recent yar .
Thre a mny secondhand clothin stores w .
Japase people have the spirit of recycing and loving old things eve n .
Te media , also kown as mass mia , is one of the ot poerful means of speadig information .
It ives peol he opportunity to get to kow wha is happening all around e world regrdig every isu , suh as poverty , occupatio , discrimination , supprssion of human rights , ad so on .
Nowadys , we ca easily t information we eed through t Interet , in e newspapes , on e TV .
As Euopan itzens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free cces to information privatly n ranoly in rde to stp corrupton , to aquire knowledge aout our rights .
So that we can be active itizens and help the EU cntnue to deelp .
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afteoon .
It was the best way to spend my fee time with fiends .
I never minded what ki of flm I could see .
Ony th place was important .
everthless , today I usuay go to te cinema whe I really want to watch a particuar film .
My likes regadin fil hve canged too .
We I was younger I would rather atch romant films . I used to c wen th handsme y ssed tht rety gir , or I ws waiting for the special momnt to say godby to the baddies .
Nowaays , I try to choose fims wi good acos or actrese , specal scripts a plots , docmentary tories or special renned Directors ' films , ke Almodovar , Sanchez Arévao or Alex de la Iglesa .
On the one hand , comedies e my favurites becse I nee to ugh wen I have finished my work .
u on th other hand , I ha g ed to going to the cinema as ofte as I can , bt I ih iema were cheap .
It 's a pity
I strongly agree with the staemet ht shopping is not always an enyable hig .
Firt , tere are ote a ot of popl in igger shops .
It cms as no srprise that it is eremely difficult to find e necessary thig at a oo price in a deined tim in a crow .
ne , I rmember mysel hagig around in he shoing mall Akropols in order to b shoe in two ors . I did t manage to t particular n , becuse of siz , whc sme shps suddenly could not suggest as well as the quity of others id nt seem to be valuale fo fied pric .
So , I d not buy new shoes at day . Despie hat , I was happy to get away from crowds an shops .
Secod , shopping malls hv lacs full of advertisements nd lou songs playing .
It is no srpris hat a person vist a b shoping ml after his long woring da .
He is tired and because of inter he wers a am coat .
ht hppens ?
He hrs different kids of ongs , advertisements for sales and is confused person start buyn hings ich re not sful to him in reait .
The problem goes afer the problm and a person starts to eel sick .
Also , it is a well - own fact , that it is extemely hot to be wearing a oat in a sopping al in the wintr sasn .
The prlem is ta a perso a to car s coa in one ha ith his ther puhases , whc is not so easy .
Finally , ot every sistant is able to advise o appropriately .
here a so assistants who , if u sk or evn do n ask , start suggesting the bs product as well as th mos expensive ones to yo .
Tis cn ak ur shopping really annoig , because some typs of people nee to check by themselves in order to valuate the quality of a rodut .
To um up , shopping is not always an enjable thing , bcuse it tes ime , the sops are often fu of people and a person an be annoyed quickly by incompetent asistats eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive prodcs .
So , shopping does t always provide gd feligs .
Hi Jnni ,
I 'm ad you oved . I haven't got round to findin ime to pend wih yo .
I 'm afrai I ca n't go runnng in th mornings . I 'm very busy at wr .
There are plenty of cus in he town .
If I were y , I wuld jon h one in e avenue , ecaus of th faciities
it s , suh as e swimming pool and he gym as wl .
Woring ou in the m wice a wee is enough as long as you t healtly nd , of course , you should fort hse delicious aks you usually mk !
I 'd lo to teach o how to im n h gym in th enue is perfect for tha .
Wt aou Saturay mornings ?
I 'm really oking forward to doing it !
I really do hope you et ud to the neighborhood .
Talk to y soon ,
Sebastian
Footll
ootbal is the ms beautiful sort in t world . It 's the ram profsson of alms ll boys when the r kds . Wn you la in your neighbourhood , o are playing tht you 're Mess , or Cristiao Ronaldo or ur avourite plae of yor tm .
It 's te most f spor in te world . Wn yo 're kicking he ball , you ar kicking th b enrgies of or lfe , you will be infeced by passion .
But the pasion is not only when you ae playing football , yo c incrase your asion by spporting a tea in he gd tims and the bad times , gig to the stadium , an whn yor team achee glory , yo can also fe hat , and in those moments , you are te apiest prson in the orld .
So I invite ou to experience the ov and passon th u feel hn you are playing or wathing a footbll match . Ad if yo share is lov with another perso , he assion inreases a l , yr eeligs r at a ighr level , in this sort you can feel the glr , a in the next seco , you can tat to cry bause you r tam ca n't fnish te jorney to e championshp .
here are lot of nterestng sports , bt thee is normlly e that you like e most .
In my case , it is not raly a spo in itself , it is a cultual ativiy which needs a g physical ffort .
I am talkin bout dacng , specifically ballet .
I onsidr it o of te bst sporty and culturl activiies because u keep i at e me time as u express youelf making an artwork .
or dancing you nd sme mental and physical skills , but one of them are as hard as peple hik .
You have to be a disiplined and well - balanced person . Ta 's it .
Boh characteristics will help you in other pes of tks n il impoe your fture development .
The sar is the hardst ar , consideing tha your bd is not used to doing this ki of prt . Hweve , once you are int it , everythi becomes easier and o feel healthy and much more active .
So , if u are startng it , do n't gi up because difficults rse , jus rea and be are tha y and your dy quire time to apt to his w activity .
o wll noic w e improemets cme without thinking to uch .
O of he things that I enjoy t most is hat you dnce in a group , so you meet people and ou can ma freds after a while .
Yu mus not be on yo w , otherwise you an t dance in a company , so tat you shae yu passion wit people ta fel the same an that mkes a strong relationship forever .
I encourage everyone to y it . I am re you wl eome a better perso .
I did o fn it hard at ll . As a matter of fact , it was easier than I thouh .
1 . I guessed I ha mo fluncy at wrtng , which suggests ow well I 've improved .
2 . I d n't e stk often at thinng of which wrd I shul ue , which gave me enouh time to finish .
3 . I rot h quantiy of wor reuire .
4 . Everything ws kept eatly .
Nohig s fon diffcul or struglin .
I id my bst and I succeeded in getting a 5.0 .
Nevertheless , I ould like to imroe se kills an although I did very well , I still got cnfuse .
1 . I overthought eery so ften , because I was nt sure if what I wa dog was alright .
2 . I should stop hinkng in Spanish and think moe in Engis ine anslating mght be confsng .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Coosin a sort to practis is a cmplicaed thig . You shul hose something that o enjoy , but at the same tm , something y can afford to pay fr .
As a reult of ht , I ave tied any sports in my le .
My favorit is diving .
Alhouh you may think that is a dangerous sport , which it an be , the adrenaline rush o feel when yo ae in the water makes it rth e dange .
If you are going to tart doing it , I old ecommen you to start takin lesson wit an expert instruct .
It is ey importnt to check the equipment first .
If yo ar not ud to oin it , o could make a istake , and tha is wn he spot beomes dangerous .
fer a e lessons , ou ll be bl to go diing by yourself a enjoy the sensation of freem tha ti sprt gis ou .
It is like you a isolated from t world , ust y and the ocean .
I have to say that it is one of e most amazing feelings ht I hve eve fet in my life .
I enourge you to try it .
Wiout a doubt , u lie is changing quickly n we do t reaise this .
What il our life be ke in the future ?
To egin th , the main change wl be the u of rnewble nergy itead of ossil uels .
Nowadays , peole r aware of environmental poblems and they will try to igur out slution .
or example , all uure hous will use sola cells to poduce electricity .
Moreover , hre will be imortan technological advances in u les , like intellient obil phne hch can help us with day - to - y sks .
Not only will they be ued to telepon , but we ould pay wt tem too .
Thy wl check your empy frge and if you r out of ny veetable , yr mobile phone will warn yor supermarket a they il bin the .
Howeve , robots will no replace humans in the dil tasks .
So , we should ary on ustin , claning or wasng .
Althogh cars il be beer than n , thy il not y et .
T steets wil be ul of cars in he rh hours .
To conclude , it is impossible to rue aginst h ft that peole 's live wl ange in he ext ears , t thee chans ll hp to impre our envionment d u daily life .
It is ften said , tht hopping is a plsant activity , but sometimes it becmes bothersom .
However , there are sitution we do not ind enjoyable at all .
I ll ention some of the rasos why and tme he shopping c be unenoyable .
Firstly , when we do not hve enouh tim in the morning to go hoping , we ave to do it in t evein we most people go and buy things they need .
Shopping my cas frustration , maily wen we ve to seeze through h crwd .
Secondly , sopping definiely becme unenjoyable hen we ae not able to fid proucts we want nd desir .
so , overspendng .
Shops use a lo of tricky ways to encourage peope to b more hn hey ned .
Nvetheless , people try to save mon by vey conceivable means .
To conclude , we have to know whe nd to whic shop we ould go to avoid stresful and t enjoyabl situations .
Probably one of the ost discussed topics - global warming - is alo th st erious issue the world is facing oda .
Researchers ha prve tat human ativties such as industralizaion , deforestation etc . can trigger glbl wring .
In is essay I ill be highihting some of te dangers of climate change d diferent ays through whih governmens and individuals y hp to ovecome this challne .
e of te most obviou effecs of globl warmin is the depletion of the ice at the Not & Soth Poles , in tr causing the ea level to rise and encroachment of and .
These phenomena cause serious damge to ecosystems and sea lie .
Futher , coninuus rsing temperatures are impacting weaher paterns and leadg to natual dssters .
Ther is scientic videne that dissters like Katrina ad Hud - Hud can be linked to global warmig .
As globl warming can hve such erius impac on life on Earth ,
it is me to ntervene and take action .
Governmets a dictate strict norms to control polution and carbon fooprints .
For examp , governments an ipose limit on misions poduce by mnufacturing lans d force industries to help with reforestation .
Indivduals can alo play their part in contoling goba warmin .
For example , individuals cn reuce t use of pasti materials , use pbic transport to conrol mssions , reyce wae etc .
To conlude , global warming is a eriou concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Govrments & individuals oth av a rl to pay in faing th the biggest chalene of th ie the Earth is acing .
Dear Sr / Mdam ,
I am wriin to appy for a job in h mmer camps .
My name is Stela . I am 36 years old and my ngish is very good .
I am a very hrd - working , oganized , clm and friendly persn .
I have tw kd ; one is 8 years o and h other n is 10 yas l , so I ave lenty of experience wth kis .
I believe I have h skills , knwledg and epertise y are looking or . I have worked efre or my lcal community r 6 years while I was loing after my children too .
My tasks there we workn th children of all aes to oganis eves , sprt activits nd evenin activities . I also hled with cleanin t etre , elpng in th kiche wt cokng and working closely wth clients and customers in r aé .
I would love to work in a ummer mp as I always enjoy going on camps wth friends and family .
It would be a reat exprience o me to wok so cloe to h countyside .
I lok orwar to haring from you and hpe ou wll invite me fr an interview .
Yours faithully ,
Stela Volkov
Micael is an editor for an international sdent magazine .
He eld a short story competition to mprove studens ' riting .
He oed a lo of students old in in with his activity , so he made a rule ich was hat if you got your friends ' writi , o col g 1 ollr r writing .
The mssag was psted on the wesit .
When I sw hat mesage , I was excited bot peruading my friends to enr his competition .
I thought , no matter who ns te competition , we all mut get 1 dolar as a prize .
t my fiends ee not inteeste in tt ompetitin , they thoht witng was boring and geting 1 doll a small .
I told he , you can just write , no mate ha you write .
Finay , they copie my article r this competition .
Ty oly wanted to et te free dollar a di n't spend tim focussing on the writig .
O day , ihael entered s ffce and i emplye hapily told hm , " we got a lot of responses " .
Wen he read the content of the artile , he discovered ny of te were similar .
He was s to go to his offce .
chael csed h door an knew at that mmnt he had mde a msake .
Aademic culture refes to the attitudes ad values tat re shwn by e pole who work or study at nivrsities .
After I jined ACU ( Australian atholic University ) , I fou vast differences in teaching ethos betwe Nepal d Australia .
In Nepal , stdent stud indviduall ad do t ask questions of the ttor even if they a confued .
eanwhile , Australian educaton is ased on making stuens len ew skil .
Studens need to take tive participation in discussion wi their peers .
Besides , studts are able to aise questions with te lecturer ecase they can xpress the opinon .
At first , I felt ifficult , stressed whil studing in rups nd used to hesitate whle sharin my ies an opinions , bu n I am familiar wit te aadeic cltre .
Academi culture is a allenge r many studes r effective learning .
Peer learning is a small gup of three to iv students o ae kept tgther to dscuss t contet and carry t educational activtes in mutual engageent .
( Fish , as ted in Strke , 201 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a w - way learing roces in whih emers of a group find it esier to dscuss th cotent .
It hel to know e importance of group ok by giving and receiving fedback on particular tasks .
According to Hamp ( 02 ) , e gl of an A ( Enish For Academic Purpose ) course is to eac studens relevant sudy skills they nee throuhout their degre .
It hep to shre ideas and knowledge , aog sudnts n ake them ink critically , by using oral languae whle writing , and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of the Australian academic culure has developed strategies for my learning .
I ve beme an independe learner and tared to rais quetions and share my pinin with te tutor .
In th fture , I will improv my learning strategies by workig actively in groups .
I want to tlk bout a restaurant called " ierkeller "
It 's a restaurant lcate in Villa General Belgrno , Cordoba n t speciality is German food .
Yo ae al te kin of German fod y cn imagine , fr asages ith choucrut to Gulash th spatzle .
Y also hv ommo mat and basc fo if o do n't wnt to tr other typs of ood .
The retaurnt is beauiul , it 's of a norml size , with a lot of space a very wll ecorted , you ae many phots and painings to lo at .
Most of the paintings and otos are fro emany , becus that ton w occupied by German eople many ers ago .
It is also qiet , so it wl suit h class perfectly , we do n't talk that much or ae annying nis .
People at the restaurant e very kd , ey treat you in a very polite ay nd it is orth gon there
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't reget it a we will have a get time tryng iffrent yes of food , learing myb a lite bit of the histoy of the wn nd ing happ as a group
Almo everybody as at some time tought of taking a gap ye between leaving sool ad starting university , but do we really ow a e advantges d disadvantages that it nails ?
On one ha , a lar propotin of e loal populaion consder this year off a a of learning d gaining expeiece while yo ejoy travelling all around e world and yu get to know peple ro l h diffret clturs .
Nwdays , mployer r looing for exprienced people wh know w to dat to all the different situations they could be involved in , su as an interatonal letur or a difficult plgh .
It is also said hat at te ti of hadng to college , thse people wo ae tken a ear off ar the ons h ha least dificulties earnig an relati ih other stdent because they have got used to it before .
It is a act ht ths who spend a yea brad orkng on something can ve money for university and they become mre independent .
Bt ting a ea of a its dwnsdes as well , lie the ime peole wate wokin on soethng ey e ot going to do in te future , becuse ih ay kind of extacurricuar tudies , popl strangey fi a good ob .
That is wh it is recommended to wa until you finh university to look o a job .
Another fat that shud be hghlighted is that while yu ar orkin for a yea , popl of your age are at university , and ht means that ty wl probably finish their degrees a year earlier than o , and his cul be an inconveniene for o , ecuse ou will have to ae classmates o are a yea ynger .
The imrtant thing is at yo ae gaining skills ta you can apply in your futue career .
Many atombile companies ae worng or a new futue of automobiles .
For ny yea , pple , oogle and severl tradional automakers ve en running prototypes which drive by hemselves an obody needs to str he car .
Th quesion arises if drvrless rs will be a boon or a ban to us ?
Some people argue that this nw idea of ars is a mileson fo us and it will bring only posive effects with it .
Frst of a , sf drvig cars are go for people wh have t a hadica .
At t momnt , ople ho ha gt a handip can ot drie a car by themselves .
hs hs a devastating effect on thir ndependnce a liin freely .
When the eole can drive a self - dring car , they fe more comfortable an they c lve more reey .
Hower , it is lso important to remember tt eople with a andicap have got the ame rgts d pportunties as peopl without a handicap .
Similay important is the ac that self - drivng cars are safer han non- sef - driving cars .
e riing nmbr of deadly cr acidents rae an imprtan questi f all of us .
Is c diving really safe ?
Self - driving ca are steered by ver moern software ad thi oftware is so exact ta the nmbe of accidents wil decline .
In contrat , self driin cars are ry xensive and any eple can not b ne .
el - diving cs re very modern nd rve ith highly technical software .
Rh pple cn uy on , but peole from the middle cls can not .
In e fuur , this could create a big gap betwen or n rich peple .
Ti is h reson why self - drivin cars may be omething oly for ri people in h near future .
T autombile companies ha to work on a plan so tha sl - drving ca be bought by peope om the middle class to .
When his hapens , sl - driving car wil be an enrichment in or lives .
h Reaing msem in Berkshee has visitors ro all age groups , u is particularly sutable for young eole who ned lp wit schol projct or wt to take up creative thig as a oby .
They have a nmber of workshops r oun people from eginne to semi - professional , and most of hoe e o so expensive .
You a earn varios nteresting such as ainting , photography , cermic , from te lifework poessionals .
I to the ' ceamc course r beginners ' once .
Actually it was fun and I as abe to mak a ot of frieds .
o huld n't ss he stylish cf in e museum .
hei lnch meu are grgeos and the pices are reasonble .
Y an also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the ae if you go the around evening .
I eally recommend evey young person to visit it once hn y have time , lthough it might be better to avoid the weekends .
to : Miss Anlia
rom : Candela Bergaasci
subject : t transport in my locl area
date : 24th Jun
intoduction :
As requeste , I hv nvestigted te feaures of he main means of transport which r used in my loal area .
My findings ae prsented blo .
ues :
Buses r the mi transport in my aa .
ese a very che ad people who do not he a a use them to go everywhere . However , his ode of trsport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to trave with os of people .
Ca :
People se their cars for ravelling a ln or sho distance . This is really comfortable because u n manage the speed and were you will diret .
Another otio :
If you are t keen on traveling by bus and y do not wan to t the a ou of the garge , taxis may be h best opton .
Tese re a combination of uses d your own car .
Conlusion
I believe at tee should be moe buses for e convenience of people .
There ae sveral options to choose fro , bu te choce depens on each individual .
My fvorite srt is Football . I like it bcase it is a sport at de n't need a t of money to be played .
In my contry , or instanc , people strt pying fooball at a vry arly age .
The onl hing they need is to have a bll ad a piece of ad .
Anybody can play football .
The other reason w I like playing footba is becase it is a am sport .
By playing football , you meet a lot of people of yr age and make some frends .
Fialy , football is , le l sprs , very good for our heath .
Playing foobal on a regulr basis helps to maintin good heat .
My advice to people h want to ply fotball is to be passionate , to ik n feel football .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have al the special equipet but it coud ep .
Ty aso have to rememb hat it is a cntac sport .
So it might cse sm ijuies .
nd o those who like fooball t ar scared of etting injured , they stll have h opportunity to watch gaes on TV and play video gme .
Duri summer it is common to see ny pepe in prks ractsing sports , lik runin , cyclig , or jut oin eer kind of pyical ctvity .
hnk god , I li right oposte e big park .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very tive persn , I e suh motivation to go ut and do something .
I sometimes go cling , running , or even dacin on Sunday .
I lso go wimming in my apartmen 's poo , and surfing hen I mage to get to the beach .
But , I do n't only do sprs in summer , becuse in wier I as do fun sports , ike kiing , nowoarding , ad Ice skatng , amo others .
So , wh my friends ask me whi is my favourite ort , a prblematic decisio comes to my mind , simply ecuse I like hm all .
But one of ese sports cmes to e top of my thoughts more oten : running .
Why do I eny nning ?
I do t have a quick nswe , but I can fer me idea .
Fist , running is eap .
If you wnt to do this sor , u can simply take a pair of sneakers an any light sportswear , d sar to run anywhee .
There is no need for expenive techical clothes , or special iels , jus y and a afe place with enough spa .
Noneheles , if you really wnt to gt into ts sport as a pro , you a ivest a t in clothing d gadgets .
Second , runing is simle .
You do not eed to get ny spcial training hen you star to u , you ha knn how to do it ince yo were a cid .
Tt sai , rnnig is pobaby the easiest sprt to practise .
Nevertheless , nce you start to go running , a want to really ge into it , n impov , I do recommend yu to take ca of you health d to find professional assistance .
Inuris may happen as a result of dong it often if you do not know h way u r , or you do not take the necessay time to get the resistance tat your body eeds , fo example .
Famous eple , such as oliticians a fil stars , deserve to hav a private life withut jornalists followig them l the time .
The relationship between famous peopl and journalists is an attractive focus in our societ .
In my pinion , it s w sides .
On e o ha , witot their caeer , hy would be as rmal as we e .
Famou peole ned love , family , entertainment ad support .
Sometes , tey are happy ; sometimes , hy a sad .
As we l kn , technology is maig life better .
Meeting or neds tha in the ps were n't met .
Society is growing and as it grows it ts mre used to tecnology being evrywhere .
Publi transport is use eer da by milion of pople .
Te ajority of usr a young or lderly , inc they re n't old enough or they are to old to riv .
Driving is the reason why adults do n't tend to s as much public transprt .
They just prefer to travel long or shot distances in individual vehles , known as as .
This is because techology has given us ti opportunity , nd as te os by , ore and btter modifications are made to cars .
ese tend to attract our attention and wase our money in a w that n be avoided , in ti case by using ublc trnsport .
This is happenig now , n we a not evn fully developed in technology .
Imagine he uure . Will public trasport still be used ?
Will it change o ciety ?
Will it be good , or not ?
That is something we have to wo on .
By helping our society grow , but nt oo much .
Just what we ne .
Enough to iv .
he purpose of ths epor is to ases te est a the worst ascts of Active Liure Club .
Actv Lisure Clu 's gy is a modern buldng .
The clients benefit from professioal coaches , w train em in rer to erfrm te exercises correctly .
There are appliances su as treadmills , bikes , weihtlifting and many ohes .
Hwever , here a no shwes , and this real is a negative aspect .
Yu sold buil one to improve the popularity of your lesur club .
Those people w use the a can eneft from treatments of the ghest ualiy .
owevr , these ervice a very exensive , an not eerbody an affod te .
You ould lowe the prices a litle bit .
at way , everyody could enfit from your s .
In the lb 's orts hall , eople can pay different sors a hae un th their friends .
Hweer , thei childrn do not ave a special pla , so it is recomende you arrae a ae place for them to ply .
I op hat my reor helped you and ctive Leisure Clb will imprve its facilitis .
Noaday everyone s re a bok .
There ae plenty of coces ; novel , istorcal , dama or comedy .
Also , thre are different formas to read . I mean , yu a red a book or an ebook .
Vanity air is a go exaple of a boo ful of surprses .
You ar eading and thinking about what will happen .
But smehing happens unexpectedly a te new chaper is comletely different to what you had imagined .
Those ting mae me say ta it is a gd book .
The action invoes you and you ca n't sop reding .
e wier manage to t ll your attetion .
That is a wodrful capacity of some god writes .
Th boo has a very luet plot , which aes Vanity air oe of the est noes .
In my opinion , a go book a to hv surprise , s to have a good plot , a good vriety of characters and , as I si , a to invole ou .
hen you ead a bok you ca n't stop reaing it .
T last CD I bought as Bitney Jean by Brtney Spears .
On this CD , the siner expresses all her eelngs and tells us bout her experiences during ecent years .
Firstly , you ca nd songs abt her chldre , lac of affection , bken heart nd se commercial ons which have intrestng lyrics .
People might thin that if you b this tp of muic , you wll wast your money and it is just commrial music .
However , from my point of iw , it 's not te .
en I isened to this CD fr the first tm , I col sense o the singer braks out in ths ogs d how may aspects of hr life taught her to grow up a little t mr ec dy .
So , I would ecommend his CD to ote peop beaus I thnk tat they could get to now the sger deeply through e songs which a on this aazin CD .
Te passed nd Jon had an unimaginable inspiration for hi xperiment .
He h to apply l his knowlge to me something concrete , with potential .
O night , he en to a party ith his colleagues .
He tough it would be good to be distracted or a whi .
It was already night when he wa at Luck 's house ( Luk was an old frind ) d al of hm were talking abo life hing , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he dd n't kw wat it was but , so he ake Jhn in front of eerone :
" So , John ! o is it goin ?
I heard that you we working on an experimnt ! "
" cually , I am still workin on it !
I worke on it vy hard even though it w very cplex , nd my goal was that it cou get accepted by the inpector , nd when I sowe it to h he to me tht it ws good but I ha to fx som details !
" , he said .
" Oh ! Reay ! I am glad tht you 're doing wll ! " , Luck sa .
he Peter heard that , he as interested in knoig abo ohn 's experiment .
He ad the feing that t experment could be mething vital to human life .
Per 's career ws similar to Jh 's .
He asked him if he could rk ith him and said at he kn omething that cul hep hi dvce to succed .
John accepted his ep nd ld h to cme to h laratory .
As tim pase , eer d John grduall bcame clse to ah other .
Aftr four monh of hard wk , they tk the experiment with a the information fo inspection .
The nspecor final aceped their work nd told tm that no they had to be patien because te were oing to reproduce ny of em .
The wee vry hapy .
They ecide to desgn a verial field to expnd he abratory .
Joh ew a sketch to e o it was going to look .
Everything s going very well ; nonethles , eter 's inenions changed d ecme riddle .
Tee was a ack of ambton in him .
My name is Daiel a my favourite sport is Padel .
Padel is a sports ctivity you can enjoy with hre other friends .
It is similar to tens t the crt is smaller than a tnis curt .
Furthermore , he court a wlls and the ball can bonce off them .
Padel is my favurite sport becau it is so es to ly r everyone ad it is fun hen y ay with people who have the same lev as you .
The most iporant thin that yo hv to think when o start to play this srt is that it is a gam a yu should improv your eel fast becaue it is an easy sport .
I started wen I s 18 ears old ad I played 2 dys per week .
No , I pla pade fou das per week .
I am addicted to pael !
Dear Si ,
Th etter is in regar to the summe camp job advertised in the espaper .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp in riona whih u a organizing frm th March to th March .
I am a 32-ar - old Computer Scince raduate currently working as a softwre consulan .
I am an cive person and execie daiy to ee mysel i ad sitive l hrough my da .
I also ly ricke and badminton during the weekends .
I each English in te uurb cloy to primary children as art of my ompany 's ' Giving Bck to Society ' program .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of Marh and I e it as a perft time to jin the summer mp , as the dats coincide .
So I would lk to take this oortunity to ork as a volunteer .
I also eno cking and wll be a gat he in the kitchen .
it my experinc as a teacng assitan , I an easily hndl yug kids a kee them buy learing . I follow a o of sports channels on TV during my free time d that hes me wih setting up the rules r e sports activities n ensuring they are organize wl .
It ives me great plasre to help kids ih hir activities a teach the trough play .
It makes me fee cnten that I am contributing to soiety by prticiating in the tsks that shape ther ftre .
Having an energetic and cheerful attitude , I would ke you to consider me as te est t for te camp volunee nd cept my application .
Looking orward to being a pat of te team .
Faithfully ,
i Kapadia Chodhury .
In my opinion , pblc transport has en improved over te la years , because cites have en putting a lot of investment into it .
In big cities , such as New Yrk , te ain public transport is the underground , which is usually fast an not t epesive .
Thre ar oher types of pulic transprt uch as buses , trans , or even planes for long trips .
I do t agree wih th idea that there is no future for publ transport , because it is a perfct eans of trasprt fr comuers d , noadays , a lot of eope are cnscius of global waming and the environment , and refuse to s the car every day .
In addition , te price of fuel has incresed over th last years .
In summary , I thk public transpor is a god way to e around ad he number of sers is increasing every d .
Clare ,
Thnk you for writing . I w worred about you .
Frsly , it is sch od news to know that you re getting ed to your new life .
hat ave you bee oin since yo moved rm he ?
Secondly , I am so happy that you ae pesed wih yo new om . An wha is it like ?
De it loo ie yur o house or it is iger than that ?
In your letter y wrote hat o are missing soe people and tins . What and who do you ss ?
I an imagine hw difficult it n be , t am dw , you will fin different things to do and ake friends soon .
I raly want to sit y .
If I am not travelling wt my pants , I ll come to ou city .
I il lok forwar to heaing fom you ,
laudia
PBLC TANSORT .
Nowadays , travelling on public transpot is an experiece wh none a failed .
However , tre is nw a disusion abou wat people prefer , publc transor or their own vehicle .
There are a lot of beefits to publi trasport . First , u do n't ae to drive yourself , o n listn to usic , read a ok or wtever you want wihut avig to pa attention to te traffic . It is true , o , that travelling on this mo of transport hlps the ovenment because you have to p fo it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enou fo everye .
Hoever , so many people love having their o vehicle , a c , a bik , a motto , because is give yu other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you choe the time , yo ose te way in yo drive it , t psitive thin about this kind of vehice is that you do n't hve to take a bus , for xampl , crwed wt eole , you can go alone in ur c , or with wheve you want , bu the important thin is tat you chooe .
In conclusion , we can say that ery knd of trsport ha its ow rs d ons , ut in my opino , t diference beween oh of ths is that in th second yo hose our own a .
Extremadura is a small place where o cn ot find mn transport types .
Fist of all , most of te people in Extrmadura ue a car for gng to work , to university or chool .
Te r is a quik , chea an easy mode of transport sin y can use it we o want and o can park it hre y want .
Whn you use a r , o do ot have to think aut timetable d you do n't he to p for expensive tickets o tavellig .
However , I thik hat thi ode of transport s some disadvantag . o instance , if tere are a lot of cars in a smll city , polltion il increa and the environment ill be damaged .
so , if a ity is small , pple houd walk to diffeen places sine everything is nar to eir houses .
Related to th use of the ca , I woul ke to sy th Extmadura 's ras ed a bi repair programe because , fr example , t road between Cácers an Baajoz is very daaged and it is dificult to drive on it .
In Extremadura , e seon most used mode of transport is t bs .
On the one and , tre are buses that cnnet te various neighburoods of the cities wih te ctre of them .
On the other nd , there are buses o travelling on istances .
I think that the uban buses ha improved in Cáceres .
Ls ar , the mayor caned the old buses or ew buss wthout icrasing the rice .
N , it is fer to travel thn in previous years .
Also , the seats of this transport are cleaner nd the bus driver says he nam of each stop .
At the bus sto , ere are deices that advie peoe of he nutes tat thy av to wait ntl the arrival of e bus .
Fially , in Extremadura , the least use mode of transport is t train .
h tiets are very expensive ad te rains re er old .
elo , dear guests ! We re glad to see y in ur city . I wt to tel y but interesting places in my city .
We ae in Mscow . It is a vr bg city , so there re mn interesting laces where I usally do some activies .
Tat 's y I decided to tel you about an interesting place in r city .
I think Gork Park is a go lac where we can spen our time .
In the ummer , it is a pla where yo c play volleyball in te special cort th sad , py ping - pg , or if y are tired , yo can s in a pecial ammock .
Man people come to the park for a picnic .
nd in e evening , you ca go to the open - air cina .
In the inte , orky Prk is vr beautiful an there is an e skating park .
Everybody ge to it because it is the bst i satin park in Europe .
There e dancig squares an many romantic lley . so , tere are toboggan runs .
Guy sould not go snowboarding .
I tik it is a good plc fr other activities .
I like this park , so to my mid , it is the best park in Mosc . You shuld go to Gorky Park .
Hi Alion !
Nice to hea from yu .
I 'll tr to describe for you an ordina daily mnu in my country .
Breakfast shoul be a shot of energy in my opinin .
Most people t srambed eggs and drink a p of t .
u I prefer a strng cofe instead of tea .
It 's a goo way to we up !
Dinner includes w courses .
Frst is a su , he most popular is chicken sou .
The main course is vey havy - ls of potatoe with mat .
I wold prefr to eat ighter dishes , like vegetables with rice .
Supper always comprises sdwiches .
As usual , I 'm on a ie , so I refer ony yoghurt .
Being fit is nice ! :)
I ope is will help yo .
Kses ,
Moika
I 'd like to itrodue mself : I 'm talin wh an obsesio for he English laguage
I ca n't sop studyin e Enlis lanuage . I 'm a sort of ' English dict ' , b I wish I ere an ngish native spear , I do n't know why .
I studied English at school .
, late I ok my dgre in Modern Foreign Laguage an Liteaures , sating my to d from England to improve my skill .
Whi studyin at Univerity , my da s to ov to the UK to rk here , but I t married so I cud n't realize my dream !
I found myself teaching English in my country , f from the language competece I longed f .
I il nee stop viting te UK and tying to improve my speaking an writng skil . Thank , o , to your help .
4 . Do yu lar more at shol or on placement ?
Nearly eery institution will apply a placement in their education pogram , to t the skills nd eperence of the pupils to a igher lvl .
But , is it realy tat necessary ?
Where do you actually lean mr , at school or on plcemen ?
First of all , efor discussing hi questn , it is imporant to compre the awers wth people who re on t sam cours d at h se school .
Because there ca be a lot of diferenes in the characteristcs of hose w bjects .
Aer tha , avin said that , I can clearly write down my opinin on this uestio .
I think ha at my school the alane of thi civil education is n't right an fair at ll .
Because e numbers of theory lssons about o discipline are by r many hours less than I expcted to get .
Th maes it nealy a complete se - study cure , wich should n't be ht ay at his eel of shoolig .
So becase of this , the placement is lways a se hea to chos at this uestin because they ll teach yo more rectly .
In addition , on placement , he tings you learn ar always foused on that particular jb and company .
So he deails and nformatin they teach o will be or useful in your future caee an the randm information about te subjects at schoo .
So ti mkes it alreay tw against zero fr h plcemet .
And finlly , te third d las reao wh I thik you ler ore on placement thn at schl .
When ou go to school you he to follow lessons hic e , of course , eful for your knowledge , but , te wy of following thse lsons is not a natural work patter .
In a natual ork pattern , you hav to do , lk school , your tass , but h communication is as an important part of it .
This important way of communicating is lacking at chool , because it 's a nearly a one - diretional way of commnication fom e teachers .
Y have to take a tst and they wi give you a rating or it .
Wle on placement , they work more in an evaluatig y to improve kils .
So , ith e these three arguments al going in the same directon to explain my opinion on th queston , I thi it does n't have to be explaied n further w .
In rcnt years , people 's titude has ben chngng .
The id hs declied that workng d living need to be fairly close to each oer .
Managing long distances seems to be noml nowadas .
Morover , pope enjoy being ee a , tereore , they a willing to travel lo distances .
However , ulic transort h been criticised oe and me in reen yars because of t inonveniene .
Sm people go even so far and to assme that puli transport will o hv a future at all .
A lot of public ervices have been cu in order to save moy .
Threfore , buses do ot run as frequently or regularly as they used to .
Especially in the countryside , blic transport is no aternative to cars , u to th lack of fequncy .
Conseuenly , people prfer taking the car .
Fistly , beause thy in independene by doing hat .
Secondly , they ca vsi ach pce wthut y problems .
For instance , thre is no ed to change bues .
It is also oe onvenient to go to work by a as yu an leave hn it suits you and not because the las bu is leaving .
In additio , the ar is alo or cnvenint in terms of timing .
Afr havig had a long day at ork , people long to t hom as quickly as possible .
Furthermore , ticket prces have been inresed rapidly in ecent yeas .
Travelling by tin as a family or group is ote ar moe pensive thn taking th cr .
Nertheless , publc rasport stl provid svral avantges in compaison to takin te a .
For eample , there is no parkig sae reqired .
Sitting on he bus can aso be uie relxing , especially considering e eay traff during rush hours .
Finally , it still prodes a useful way of travellig for l who do n't hv a driing lcece .
In t end , the public transport service needs to change to attract mre people and to have a brighter future .
Hwever , it will rain in t fuur , as many popl still e it or vn depend on it .
The purpose of this report is to inom ou aut how the city of Granada takes care of th environmet .
Rbbih a polluion
Grnada can be considered a clean ty in eard to rubbish treatment .
There are a lot of reccing oins r plstic , paper , used oil , gla and batteies .
An tere is a big university community involved in reycing .
As fr pollution , in spit of having a decen public transprt system , Ganad is o of h wrst cties in pan .
Clea Ifrastuctures
As has been said , Ganaa h a decent public trasport system ad nw it is being improved by adding a meropolitan train .
However , ranada can ot be considred as cyle - friendly . her are fewer cycling lnes than in oter cies of a similar ze .
In addition , te o town is n as involed as it shoud be in cean bhaviour , it being th university that make the bigest effort .
Summig Up
I consider tat Grnada cores 6.5 out of 10 o taking care of h evironment .
Tere a god points bu a o of work must be done to acive t eco - friendly itle .
The mst interesting place in my town is obviously e Bi Castle .
It wa built in 754 and renovated in 27 and nowadays you ca see te w face of this amazin pac .
When you gt to the highest twer , y ill ee the mst breathtaking view .
It is a plce where yu cn always find lots of ouriss and foregner .
We th weather is od nough , los to te cast take pce an inds of partes nd entertainments .
or example , folk dances or archery .
Unfortunately , tickets e expensive ut they are worth buyng . I lso strongly recomend u to see a t places around he ig Castle such as the Town Msem or Fo village .
An wa 's more , castle is situated in te cent of e to with an easy walking distance to shop and park .
I can assre you you will never ge ord with tis plae n al things things connected wh the Bg stle will ake it memorable for ou .
Hpe you will enjoy ur say .
Hello Maa ,
I 'm thnkig bout our ast rp .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
hen a y avalabl ?
We ould vst diffeent countries , f exampl , Fance , Holland a Belgium because they 're near .
as wk , I went to Barcelona ith my sitr , Caroline . Sh ha to ae an ex .
It as a fantastic weeked becaus we viited ome plces : agrada Falia , Guell Park ... and we alked along th pomenade .
It 's a beutiful city and I 'd ie to go wh u .
Tomorro , I 'm oin to vis my randparents in Galicia .
It 's a ng tri u it does n't mtte because I 've god iends there nd I nt to spend some me with my grandparents , Dvid ad Gema .
I 'll get y a surpis !
I look forwa to your answer , I wan to hve a great hoiday ts yar !
Regars ,
Carlos
Nowadays , alst every person in h word watches mies sometimes or all e time .
It can be done by ging to a cnem or wathing ovies at ho .
I lie both ways .
Rgaring my prefences , I would like to amit that th silent nre has conqred me .
Of orse , the unprepared viewer ca n't understand the ner beauty of this genre and will cose somthing mdiocre .
However , simplicity in some css can be very good ad mart .
When I wa to watch something asy , coey or horor comes to my mnd .
I do n't enjoy melodramas or love stores much , but they soud be paid attention to .
In my inion , vey w people use mies for broadening th nd .
he are simply relxig by uc a way .
Ta day s a terible ay r Michl . He oe up a felt totaly exhausted ater an ovewheling irtday party .
He did nt ev rememer what had happened and a seiou headache me him n nt to ge t of be .
H mom was disappointed about that , too .
S d no eve want to talk to m fte tht siuaion hppend .
nywa , he is her son , nd she had no choice ut to take care of him in spte of the sitatio .
She tlkd to him : " ow ae yu today ? " .
He di not answer at l , beide , he hi e chair near he , and unfortunately , that hair hit he in a seios way .
e could not even yel a wod , jst looked at him disappointedly .
Michael closed the doo and ew at that moment he had me a isake .
My favourite website is riv2.ru .
It 's a kind of soial network , b it differs a b rom ordinary networks .
The i of h site is to ge together people interested in cars .
On this netork yu crat a pofle of your car , write a list of improvemens you ave made to it , uplad photos nd mves aout yr c and , of course , yu meet a t of people wt e same interests .
Drive2 users often ave a ot of technical questions bout thir cs .
So they often need te he of professionals .
I think ta it is necesar to invlve some rofessonal mecnics to ive advice to users .
h othr websit I ofte e is Google.com , because it is te gratest sear engne ee reted by human begs .
I thi it is better than othe search engines because it is very fast and o gt oy the nformation you ske f an nothing extr .
I think that any google users wi be hpp if the develpers bing more useful information to the main page , for exaple , weather information , currency rtes or ho ws .
Moreover , google ma srvice needs some improements , su as street name , a acuray an more city panoramas .
Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
Wecme to Moscow !
I ho yr arval was succssful a you have been enjoying our town .
If you want to spend your time visiting a fmous and ver beautfl pace a eeing r orself t mi sights in oscow , I recommend y to visit Re Square .
The world amous Red Square is lcated in the ctre of Moscow .
Your group wil s many ell - known monuments of architecture , whc you will admire .
There , y will be abe to fin out a lot of informatio about th history of Moow and Rusian rles .
You wl be vey xited seei St. Basil 's athedra , th moumet of Minn n Pozarky , ad t Kremlin .
I rcomend you to vist e Kremi .
It 's necessary for you if u wan to see the most famous lce in Moscow .
I think u houd u ckets and book h excursion in advance , because yo can spend a t of time searching o it .
I hope you ll enjoy seeing this lae and becm ealy excited by this excrsion , seeing the great architectural monument
Dear Mrs Ahby ,
I am writing to apply o the vacncy in ur cfe .
I encoe my CV for our information .
I hav had extensie experience oking fe - to - face with customers .
I have worked two years for a well - know coffee franchise an previoly fo three yars in a famous patserie as an ssistant chef , which has give me vared skills , lk the ability to work with many different typs of people and an extensive knowledge of oking .
I am a conscientious pero who orks hard d ays attetion to detal . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eage to arn rm othe .
I hav lots of idas n enthusiasm and I am available to wk long hours .
I am keen to work f a company with a ret repation , ke Geen eppe Cafe .
ank y r taing the ti to osider is application an I look forward to hearig fom you in th future .
Yours sincerely ,
Cristina Vaga
This topic leads me to think of my broter 's cil .
hs resul in dferent views of whether peope accept that it is asir to rse children wadays .
I ho the beief that children r mu eair to raise hn befoe .
First , prens wa fewer children , so childn 's resource re me plentifu than 50 years ago .
I ave an example .
My broter only as one chld , u my grandfather has four chilre .
My brother 's ild an ry eaiy get the toy whic he wants directly .
However , my faher never got ty when he a a chl , because oo an children needd to be fd .
My granfaher had to work hard to suppot his children thrugh additional job .
The h no oney they could spend on entetainent .
hat is h I mention that my father neer go toys hen he was a child .
Nowadays , every child cn t more an more resurces fm the parnts becae of less competition wit othe children .
That is why I say that eer cildre an get more resources and are esir to rse .
Second , more a mre public svices appear in or ctes .
Of course , hat ut includ he halt ce system .
o instance , in a i city , we can very asiy find a specific ace to srve our children , sch as pecial tolets and a Breast - Fedig Room in eey sbwa .
Thes kid of aces a make parents comortable and able to conntrate on their children 's care .
My brther told me when h baby needs to be ed whn the are walking in h street .
ey c uickly ee is baby .
Tat is hepful fr childrn d parnts .
On th othe had , t software infrastructures a importan as well as hardware system .
he health car system lso hels parns to ae fo their children , becaus people n spend less money to coe against isese through inurane .
Ths is a god example to show tha h infrastructure can he arnts to care for their children .
Of curse , ome peope may be moed to disgree wi my poition on this issue .
That beig aid , I still feel that te reasns I hve presntd are strong ones , such as me resources and inrastrucure .
Havi a healthy lifestle is o of h most important hings for ou heath , becau it rduces the chaes of getting ick an it gives ou the energy and concntration you need .
But what shod o do in order to live a heahy if ?
Eating according to a scedule is a vr mportat tip you shoul take into consideration , n also , tryin to avoid fried meals or fst food .
Unhealthy fd and neglecting physical exercise incrae the chances of getting a ad havg prbems with yor ert , liver a other organs .
Fruits , veetables n water
Yur body quires an types of vitamins in ore to function properly . Thes r fun in frs or boiled vegetables and fruits .
They hep your immue system , and your ki an wil also gve you the amount of energy you eed thrghout e whle da .
However , dinking 2 litres of water every dy is essntil for your health n a a o of benefis , suh as hling energise your msces or keeping you ki lookin goo .
Spots n sleep
Anoher tng u sould take ito consideration if yu want to live a long hapy ife is dng physical xecise , suh as walkn in h park , going to h gym or playing eam sport .
It wl give you a l of energy to suy and do te tigs you love whie feeig healhy nd living ealthly .
Besid tat , yo sould alo sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your bod can uncton effectively .
Do 's
-e fruis and vegtabls
-drik wer
-sle 8 - 10 hours / ngh
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fst Fd
-drin alcohol excessively
-be lazy
In conclusion , you do n't have to make a t of ffort to av a healthy lifestyle n the ar plenty of eefits om it .
u will el reat , concentrate betr , ve more energy ad ae fewer health problems .
Dear Sir or ada ,
I am witng in connecton with the advertisement o a b in the U SUMMER CAMPS .
I wuld ke to apply o te position you offered .
I am a really heeful ersn , I ik tkng walks to the cutryside and taing photo thre in my ree ime d , in my opinion , I am a ery nergetic youngster .
Besides , I have plenty of availabilt and I am reponsibe , patient n sociable , and I hve od communication skill .
My quaifictions inclde broad experience as a chilminder d of organising sprt activities .
Furthermore , I have rked as a aering assisat for a year .
I would be vey happ to attend an interview if you would like me to introduce mysef .
Also , I would be gatefu for information about e tas I wol be called on to do if I got the job .
I look orward to rceivig a reply .
Yous fithfuly ,
Lía Oellana
No future for public trsport is one of the worst tings in o lif .
Thu , the ste makes no effot to fight it . Transportation o is very overrowded d difficult , especially in t rush hur we peopl leave their bs and go to ther houes at 2 o'cloc . Te main eason for that is th increasig nmbe of peol in our country ( huing robems ) an the result of tha is a lot of accides ave happened nd a lot of people have ed .
A ecent U.S. stuy reveaed ta using buses d tran reularly maintains the agility of he oy and helps in eucing weight .
Acordin to a study published by the journa " American Journal of Medicine Brevintev " in August / Agust next that there is moe public transport in ctie where the population ha beom leaner an healtir .
e U.S. resachers from two universities in the stt of Pennsylvania d the Foundation " Rand " American research n development staff to motor regularly use public transportation or go to wor by car in a year .
Th udy rsuls showed that peope who us transportation .
The public ecreased their weght by thre kilograms on verage , compared to peoe who use a car to travel nd the tudy attributed this reult to walking to the bus top and running to catch h b in te expected psiton requires goe blic transpor ore traffic , while this os not hppen wit motorists .
Th sdy pointed out tha the pulic tasport network in the United tates has not ben expanded o a long time compared to e situatin in Gemny , fo exame .
It appealed to exets in political circle in the United Stats to inve oe money in puic transportation and improve security in the ways of th infaty in cities nd make them re attrative to ncourae peole to use publi transport .
Th supervisor of the std , John M .
MacDonald of e University of Pennylvania , " ivstment in publi transort ill allow te ossibility of reducin obesity " .
The transport sector in Arab countries sffrs fo many shorcmings and po peformace and is a cuse of environmental plltion an this is u primarly to a ak of the capacity of ublic institutions to develop strategies ncessary to ntevene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and impove he rganizatioal capacity d esult .
So it did not materialize o t transport ecto often necessary apaity to rovide eliable and sa transortaion and moderate css and , in spite of the high dend for trasprtation ervices in the Aa countrie , public transport sstem re sil undevoped nd compl people to rey on private cars .
It s been oberved , or exmle , that the increase in th number of ar varied beteen 7 and 10 percet per year in Jordan and this situation is imilar to what appens in othr Ab countries , ad despite the invsments in rod and ifrastructue in the last f decades , h performance of this sector reais weak as a resut of svere congestion in urban centers a por i quality in many cities , and degadation an hih rates of emisons of greenhoue ass bamed for gobal warming .
T optimistic oinion , som people s hat " there is no future r ublic transport " , aying that the futre of puic ranspor is clear n the poof of th is ht in ancnt , tims there was n't any transport an by h time people srted to nven n means of transportation rnging om catle , cart , carage , boat , hi , ory , riate cars to te plane , so they hope tat h transporation be bet by creaive people .
On the ohr hand , the pessimiti view , in develpe countries like pan a Kuwait we do n't find prolems ik these because they hv good planning , they ake routes underground an oergroud , then he have rutes only fr peope n otes only or ars . Filly , we should ha a good plan nd the government shod care abo at n plan for rafic relation to sve his problem .
Hi Max ,
Ho are u ? I 'm fine .
hese days we ve fantstc sunny days d I will sar school in a week .
I rommend you to vsit t beach becue it is fantastic on hot dys .
n tere are a l of beac rs or sacks beten meals .
I recommend y , t , to vii t casle because it is vey interesting .
I recommend ou to go for a walk to nc Bla because there is a cinema th som new funny mves nd tere ae a lot of cothes shops o .
I 'm not ure which is th ost xensive restrant in my tw , maybe ther are some near th beah beause th touriss norally go ther .
My typical evening out is going to ne la nd , after tht , I go to he cinema to watch a cmedy film or go for a wk ith fiends .
Slvna .
ea i or Madam ,
I am vy gad of t fact at y visited our country d e area of Silesia .
Acrding at , I ecomend y to visit Tykie Brwery in Tychy .
It is woth sein becaue it is the ot famo bran which bres one of h most opuar ber in Poan .
In my opinion , a trip wll be fascinating bcaus of the fact that t buildig of the Brewery w originaly a erma - owned brewery which ha en bewing beer r almos 400 years .
It conais a litle museum whih is oen o tours .
I strngl avise yu to se tat , ad there is an English - speain guide ho will show yo the brewing process .
Tickets must be booked in dvance and ther is a tstin session at t n .
There you cld b some souvenrs - glasses , bottl , T- shirts , up and , of coue , beer !
It is a od purpose , to e and get to know the pac where in Poland is podced a traditonal an el - nown er .
I hop y wil take it into cnsideration and go to see ur lcal ad fams brewery .
Yus faithfully ,
Anna
Te Asian retauant Tian revie
Fr our dner at e en of te course , I 'd ecommnd the Asia rtaurant Tian .
Firstly , it 's a really exqusite place , n it is decorated wth oects ro South Asi .
T atmosphere seems etic d calmng .
T pce is small , but it 's very czy .
They rve all mes in all prtins , and ey suget ha te servings a be sard , so eveybody can tr moe items fom t menu .
Te oo is realy tasty , eah bte is an invitatin to travel throuh the senses to fa away lacs in Ai .
Finally , to ad one more touh to the epeience , you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Petr looked at his watch and kne that he h to do something imediatly .
He gt tht mysterious look in s eyes .
He ut realized how to ole one of te biggest physic chllengs manknd has bee interesed in f gs .
Tie travel !
We had een looing at hi problem rm e wrng angle ll te time .
he periodic movement of the miute hand compared to th smot path of th seond an .
We were rying to reverse th ow of ti , but tat is n osible at all .
We ha to focus on the brak .
ime is runing , seingly continuously , the same as the scnd hand on his clk .
B we got his perception just ecase r ys can e only a lmited umer of images in a time prio .
If a ti period is long enough , like a minute , we can e a strict distinction between one and two .
Tht is the e !
We ned to slow ow ti !
In ter wors , we hv to be fast enough to see the bres in time .
hen we can just ump nside th nd mov in eher diecion , as we sh .
Pte grabed i notebook a immediately wrote al ts down .
He ust n't forget a wor of it !
Nowadays , we live in a society that is totaly dependent on ranspor .
This hapens because , not nly do we live in big ities , but we ls have no time to wat .
Because of ti , we ave witnessd an inrease in traffic .
Public trnsport is a good solution for soe pope fr my reasons , such as , they an sae money an travel quickly .
Howeve , some people say ha public transport h no fure . They might be rht . ple do n't like it . They pefr travelling by car .
Some people sa that public ansport ha no future . They miht be rght .
Considering that companie are now ming to the outskirts of ities and there is a lack of more fleibe timables , oe peopl discont the public transport option .
As a reult of this , many peple are tyin new options , like car sarin .
It is beieved that travelling by c is moe comfortable an convenient for eeyone . Consequently , ca manufatuers look on it as a n pportuity to create new hybrid cs in ode o to damage e environment .
I personally believe that , becase of all ths , the public transport will hav no utre in our society .
Anna kew tht it wa goin to be a very special day fo her .
It was her birthay .
She woke up in he morning ul of enthusiasm a zs f life .
he was sure that eerone wou reemer abt the celbratio and have a if for r .
t it turned out ha verone a let te huse for work and no one s waiting for her with brthdy wishes .
h went to school very disappointe .
The shool day w very lo becus Anna a always hining about the sad monng .
Howee , th surpise as still to om .
na did n't expect that aft rturning from school she wold find hr family d friends .
Al of them were aiting r e with lots of gifts in a eautifull decorated room .
nne was ery surpried ad happy .
I 'm a teenger d nowadays I recogze the e a l of ways to e to ow someting .
In he pa , technlogy was por and only a few people h a smartphone or a computer .
In contrast , toay , everyone ha te latest model of teephon or comptr or whatever .
In th last n years , tehnolog ha mad a bi jump ad , thanks to te nterne , we an seah fo everthng whenve we wn .
In the st , it wa better than no bcase grandparents or ler pole could tl you ow to do something fo t frs time . They coul gve you sme useful advic and you could establish a relationship it thm .
Today , evryon knows o everythig is easer with technological evices , but it 's adder because u ca n't shar our thoughts with anybod .
r ta reason , I think tat for me , young people in te past learned a lot from heir grandparents and it should be he sme toda too .
I 'm going to tk about the famine an drought in Africa .
There is a lrge number of African childrn o suffer becus of e lack of fd an cle watr .
Children are supose to be th future of their cuntries , but in Afri , especilly in e countries in ub - Saaran Afia , tere a many cases of famie - extreme case , so children ave many dificlties .
Their edcation is affected , for exmle .
The have to wlk ng distances to hae clean water and to wor , t , to survive .
Cildren who hav to wor and n not go to shoo wo n't get a better life an ter deams wll never cme ue .
Unfortunately , ti is h s realy .
eside ht , h ck of fod nd clean wae re respnsible for ay diseases , hich a resposible for a large number of deaths , because there r n't enugh resources to treat the populations .
Here we have sme of them : aemia/ anemia ; ricks nd malnutrition …
The princpa caus of famne in Africa is the thic conflicts , whh cause rs , h decreas of fertile la n the use of ground only to oduce monoculture to xport .
Every day , Tom walks alo te rir to see t lanscape and to fee ot of squirres whih ive in the trees .
On Sunday mornig , T was walkg as usual when he sa a g oser with a picture of a bg motora .
At that moment , he understood tt the may was going to build a big mtrway thre , net to th iver .
Sudenly , he thougt that the workers wld cut dwn all e trees , and the squirre would lose their refuges , so he touht that he ha to do somethig mmediatel .
He wrote a leter to the tn hl xpaining he situtio an akin tem to to the construction .
He suggted buildng th motorway in another plae to av te squirls and to proct tt beautiful landscap .
The may accpted om 's proposal , and he rdered to build h motray in anothe ace .
om arive hom very late .
It had een a ver long a tirig day , but m fe he d achieed someing really good .
Firstly , the pimary cause of bushfire is human activities .
Th lack of a ens of civic responsibility ads easily to bushfire .
For instance , some people iscrd cigarettes or matcs whch are unattned , lke barbeques or campfires .
In adition , in many dvelping countries , unemployment he also migae to fores nd se fi to enhance ultivatd surace .
Moreover , a mll ice of broken bole or glss a so lead to a bushfire .
it wl attract te sn 's rays and ctc ie .
Bushfire is ause by numerous hua activities ut lso trted by the carelessness of peple ( Rland as cited in Shauble , 200 )
My suect will be my autn oidays .
I wnt fr a week to Center Parcs in Franc with my famy , my godfater , n my best rend .
The Cete Parc is in t region of Lorraine .
We ef on Monay mornin at ten o'cck , we should hv tke 3 hours but we took double bcase of h plugs .
Oc rried , we unloaded the a and we wet to he ste .
On Tuesday we en to vsit t ainte - Coix nimal rk .
Tere are mor ta 1,50 animal from 10 dfferent spies .
I saw deer , bears , lnx , bison , olve , lmrs , ultres , red anas nd other animals .
On edesday I wn to y hoses ith my godfaher to posiby b one .
We ent to t idig stable but I id not id a hrse tt I liked .
On Thursday I nt wth my family to Strasbourg Catedal .
It 's huge nd beautiul . I will so ou a icture later .
Ad in the afternoon we we to the entr Par , to e pool .
It 's big wit many activities .
On Friday morning we did caneing n pddle boating on h mll riv ht a lon beside the cener n in the evening we wn to a restaurant .
The next day , me an my best fiend wnt to go bowing n pla billiad whil my parents took my sisters to ride a pony .
And in the afternoon , the cnre organized a esson r agility dogs .
I id ailit th my dog .
Se is calld Canelle . he 's a Ja ussell errier .
She 's very small !
he measures abo 30 centimetres .
The esso did not go ve wl ; she wa intrsted in ote ogs and he s not lstening .
At te end , te teacher asked me to do the exercise again .
It ws perfect . She umpe xty centimeters .
And on Sunday morin we returned om because the weather wa b .
The Alhambra : A paradise wihin your reach .
r you one of tose people o would like to go bac to e past ?
h Alhmbr gives yu hs opotunity !
In wodrful Granada , which is locaed in h soh of Spai with great eaher , yu can visit e pace city .
The hambra is a group of palaces , gardens nd fortresses but by uslims a occupied by hem fo over fu cenures .
It w a citael inside of Granada whe the monarch of h Emirat of Grada and is court ved .
t true attrativeess , in addtin to the decoration which is at the pnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is uque .
Y will be impssed by the stunnng iew wich are considered by sm pepe to be t bet in the world .
If y r uky enough to visit hi wondeul ace in mmer , I recommend you atte te Granada International etival of Mui nd Dance , which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gdens , whe you c njo amazing artist and orchetrs in an unrivalled etting .
u must n't miss it !
The gahic information presented in he flow cha illustrats the procedure regarding te making of bank noes , which c be sore into 6 main ases .
At th beginning , the fmat of e note sold frst be designed considering the background olo and security ssues .
At the ae ime , silled machiiss prepare the metal pats in order to et up a fixed mould .
Afte that , te prnting process comes into play .
50 otes er sheet r se with special ink , producing images wth olor on bo sis at a slow speed .
The most significant pocedre is cled insection , which means nual checking by secal machines and taf , and thn they are classified into 3 dfferet categories , including good quaity sheets , parially daged sheets , a bad heets .
In the fin age , th we - produced hets are paced and distibted to ech branch , whie the damaged oes are safely disposed of .
This is h whol process of hw a bank ne is made .
The low art shos ix mn steps in the procss of making bank note .
Namely , Design , eparation of meal pates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging nd Distributin and Dispoal .
When o eed ban ote , he fst thn you should do is to design wha apect of information o wt .
Next , make sure the metal plte wr well .
Afterwards , you are able to pin t hets of bk notes ( 50 bak notes er sheet ) .
e mt sinifiant part of the
process is inspctio , whee the printed seets ar
manually inspece by officer .
It depns on wheth the eets r good or bad quality .
If he e not er ood , we a desto them securely . Howeer , a fe sheets ma be partily damaged . That des n't atter due to the fact that further sparatio will assist yo with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
Finally , al of
the sheets have ben ealt with corrtly .
veriew . It is cear that e proess of making ban nots begis with Design d ens with Disposa or Dtribution .
Travelling by public transport is expensive a uncomortable .
T rais and bse are not big enough .
There is no enough pae fr your legs d u ofte do t get a eat .
his will no be a problem if o trave only short distances , ut on ong jounys , th will be very uncomfortabl .
Trvellin in your on car is much more comfortab .
There is the possibility to set up your at .
It is yu on decision hn y e up , because tee are no time limittions .
Tre are no times when o he to be at the bus stop .
If you use public transport for ng distances in a city , yu will oen cane uses .
Thr is th sk ha you will not ge the connecting bs and , so , you are sresed .
In onclusion , taelling by c is he easiest a best y . I think tat it is nt possible to us pblc transport , because there re no buss or trains .
Maybe car sharing is an innovative altrntive to pubic trasport .
Many pople use their car alon .
Mos of the ime hy ha free seats in thr cars .
So tey could share her cars with oter eole .
Thee are mn felds of study that ave not en discovered or researched by human .
There are many reaons h esearch is hardly conducted .
As a result , there is a debate about whethe educatiol institutions av a resposibiity to dissuade students om ursuig a fid of tudy in hich the e unlikely to succeed .
In my pinion , I agree with h statement , with qualiications , for the following reasons .
Admittedly , oe of th research ned nvstment in mn resources that educational intitution can n afford .
Such research wll indeed ai .
Educational institutins hould dissuade students .
wever , if there is not a lack of resources fo th field of stdy , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
Eduction 's gratest purpse is to encrage studens to try and to lean from failure .
Take Toas Alva diso , t inventor of the light bulb , fo eampe .
He tried a lot of different mateials to make a filamt f the light ulb .
Once , people thougt he would not succeed .
Even though th rsarch can not really succeed .
tudents cn lean som thigs fom h process of te reearh .
In the course of the research , tudents wl think abou how to dvelop te process of the research and know whih segment ill cus the roblm ht make the research fail .
In additio , students , in the cose of search , y create serendipity .
ie Alexander Flrming Alexander , t inventor of antibiotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally fom rsearch it the erm .
" You must do the hin yo think you c o do " ,
said leaor Rosevlt .
e invaluble thn is to turn te impossibiity into a pssibility .
Therefore , educational institutios should encourage tudents attempting resech which is unlikely to succeed .
Remember when in school you arned the three essential thngs for livin ; reprodction , nutriion and interaction ?
Well , humans have beme mr and more sednary wit the passage of time and have forgotten about ineractio and movement .
Doing prt is not only fo gtting fitter , it is als somthin you nee to do as a habi .
Nowadays , going to the gym is the new tren , ut y sold n't ony do sort because it 's trendy .
I might ot have h typcal sprtsoman body type , t I really njo doing por and feeling t goy of moveme .
My favourite prt is tennis . Although it is t the on one I practse , it is h ne I ms ike to pla .
I must admit , I 'll never be t best tenis player you 'll ever me .
But that 's o my gal in doing a spr .
Apart from bviously having fun d scialising , the a yo ee atr running and burnig feels relly good .
Hi Anne ,
hans for yo e - ail .
It is very exciting to har you are coming to Latv .
Personally , I thik the bs ime to come is in the ummer .
Because at this tim we hae a ot of interesig activitie lie concerts , fstvals and so on .
If you want to et yug eple , I ggest you say in a yout hostel .
The frst good tng is that they have a low cot an hre you an et studets fo all around te wrld .
In spite of the fct at e weather should be warm in summer , you should ring wi u not only light clothe , but aso a jacet for rainy dy .
hanks alo for ur invition to join the group .
I would love to if I am free .
I will be able to sho you and ur fiens the ot interesting plces in my are .
et me know when you r coming .
Wr reards
Wen I was in high sool , I loved to go to different nds of actvities .
Quit often , I fod it difficlt to balance bt my stuies and my hobbies at th me ie .
So , hang gd time - manaemet a become importnt in my studies .
I rememer that I d a ly which was el just a couple of eks beore my fina ems .
However , instead of fousing on my stuies , I paid more attention to rehearsals .
As a result , I faie one of my subect because I did ot have nogh ti to catch up on the lesss .
At that mome , I fel regretful nd frustrated .
From tha experienc , I have realzed at I need to change my learning strategies for successf studying .
Firstly , knowing what is a pioity is essential f achevig suces .
Therefore , I avoided ocal ativitis during e eam erod .
In the sme way , oh ( 2006 ) points t tat it is imortant to e cotrol of ourselves .
In addition , not on putting things in rer , u also well - organized planning are helpful to maae time .
As Acadec skill Unit ( 201 ) state , a daily , weekly and smester planner an be beneficial for rganizig our time ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planed he actvites into a proper timetble , beuse the planners clearly sh me an outline of the nr future .
Withut a oubt , tis vluable xprience l me know e importance of taking responsiilty r my w earnig .
More sinificantly , I undestand that ie - management and lannin are crucl in ademic life .
Theeore , in te future , I will ke improving those abilities ad ecme a moe orgnized person .
ooball : The os incredible sport in the wod
As we kn , football or ccer is h king of sports at resen .
It 's a great pary and we can have real un tching a footbl game even if it 's on television .
Do yo wt to ko why it is th most enjoyabe pot ?
Whe we wach a ootbal ame , everybody is expecting tha at an time someone will score a gal or do sm jink that gets us excited nd that 's the magic of football .
If yu want to tar practising hs sport , o he to g fit and n a lot because you have got to ve a good physical condition to play because it is a very demandin srt .
n I recommnd you to sart looking o a football cub to srt playing with other players .
The bt thin aout fotbll is at o can prctise a sport and ou cn socialise wth ter pepe that love that sport as much as you .
SHOPPING GUDE FOR TOURISTS
e aim of this repor is to dscibe te shoppng facilities in my ow and make recomendations to y to encourage ouists to visit the shop .
Some of the information w colectd from t shs , and fo the b .
Accding to the investigatio , the majrit of the shop are in two areas ; Firstly h Pueo shoping cnter , it is located in Puerto Marina , d h h sops on offer re mainly fashion , coffee shops nd us .
Te other big commrcial area is in th city nter , with a mr varied ofer : fashion , bars , supermarkets , loal food sho , wne shops t ....
Alternatively , every Fiay in e parking lot next to Tvli Word , tre is a street mrket hre u can id every kd of prodct : lal proucts , ood , D , DDs , c ....
Puerto Marin is sited more than h cty cnter , ve togh in the city eter there is more variet than in Purto Maina .
In light of the resuls , I feel it wold be to or advntae if we did promotions of the city cnter as a good destination .
I would recommend e turit office to increase he variety of sos in uero Marina .
In onlusion , th tours ffce shol have more advrs for e city center .
Dram walked towrs me n ai " Do you know w to satisfy a ady ?
I wil teach u ho to satisfy a ad tonigh " .
I wa stunned by her ods n bece speechless for a mont .
Once ain Dream said to g ready . I did n't utr a or , withot wasting any movmen .
I grabed her hps and drged he towards me it for .
he smiled and ad " not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bat d freshen up first and the we wi start " .
I said that I would accompany he .
She sied ad sd , " wit for some tme . I wl insh my body assge nd then u cn joi " me .
I ad tht I would ep he wth applying oil . Se said " Do you kno how to aply ? " .
Da Jmes
Let me inrouce myelf . I am Luis fom Spain and I work as a civil nineer in a Spaih infrastructure company called Aciona .
I 'm 35 ear ol a lately I hve been carefully reading all your letters .
I am so mpressd with your post so I hav ut deided to et your latest bok ( n all the gif , of ourse ... ) .
In fa , I know ur ook is gon to help me to impoe in os of ields .
I complety age wit you , mayb each wd y say .
I have a mrtgge , a r , a eree , to hildren , a ie n latly I realzed o I struggle to me ends meet .
I ually earn beween 50.0 € and 60.000 € ec yr ad it is never enough . I do n't have any fiancial security .
My cmany is making redundancies and I am always worried abou at .
The point is th I compleey fcs on my proects , so I spend t hours every a making a tremendous effort with my bugets , ring to increase rofits and I am doing el .
I mange rky projes and , eventually , I get ig revenues .
I oftn hink wht would happen if I mde al these efforts fo my own buines ?
F this reason , I am reading you book ad listning to you podcast .
I will keep readi and listenig to y .
Best
Luis
Dear Jo ,
I am hapy to kw tha you are coing to my ountr this summer to rvel ad or .
Te lace yo mut visit is e islands !
The islands in my cunry are clean n beautiful .
Mos of the island ae suitable r snorkellg , so if you are goi to snorkl , yu will ae the chanc to see mny different types of mare organisms li corals , fish and shlls .
Thr are aso many historical buildings in my country .
You c see w the buildings were built in the olden days ther .
You an so go shoping in he modern buildings and lo at h beauiful seney rm h ll bildins .
Food ! You mu try h ifferet foods in my count as e fod is delicious n special .
As ou know , my country is ae up of different racs , so there r many different traditioa foods in my country , so you n y diferent cuisines like banna le rice nd hainanese chcken rc .
As fr work , you a find a ob at my cousin 's offic ecuse hy ae hiring people .
So , thse e th aice I a give you . Hope that it wil help you when o coe to my country .
I am looking forward to seeing yu in my untry .
Yours siceely ,
Yu
My faourite im
Films do not occupy a great de of my spare time .
When I am t don my homwork and am not learning English , I like wachig a film .
Sincerely , I fnd it ver difficult to choose t es film .
Tere re any inteesing flms with valuable plots and famos actors .
Mst of thm are extremely interesting d wot eeing .
hy deserve to be in e top on hunre .
But , finally , I have ecide to ote fr one of them .
My favourte ator is Tom Cruise an , coequently , t est fim I have ver seen as " Far away , far way " , where he play h strrng role with his ex - wife Niole idman .
I as imressed by t production bcaue of its valuable plot .
The str is about te ove between o oun ople , a poor an and a rich nd beatifu lady , wh leaves her famil .
S ants to try a different a of ife like ordinary irl .
Th both go trough a t of difficulties ad iv a por life .
e m of h tw characters was to win a piece of land in Amrica .
They tak art in a competition riding hoses .
Only the fastest competitors were gve th ln .
Of course , our coupl win a piece of land .
The historical context is receate in the lm .
I recommend ou to wath this flm and I thin you will no rget it .
Mos eople in Bali rely t muc on their privte vecles , hence thy hav totally abandoned plic tansportation .
We can consider it t an cause of traffic jams on the islnd .
Tey sa , " tere is no future for pulic transport , because travelling by a is so uch me convenient " .
A for me , that 's totl nonsense .
I beeve that we c do it hee .
In order to do tht , her will ne to be a huge tranformation .
Asie fm a great le - prin of a wel - organizd transportation system , which cover a ood 25 to 50 yea ' planning , it aso ivoves local culture .
It is defiitely a hard job to do if we ant to change eople 's culture .
The consciousness tat a change is need to rate a better place r people to ve in should be rasd first .
eole shold be reminded that 50 to 0 pple traveling on a u ill ak th traffic so much bettr cmpare to hving two to four of te trapped in a car . In other wrd , one mass transportation means agais twelve or more rs on the sae road .
h next is an understndng of wh we cn do fr he envirnment by canging ur transortation eans .
Imagine the enrg tat we c ave a th pollution that we cn stop .
We c change . We have to change r a ettr future .
Te wold is cstantly changing and technology is advancin fast .
Ths ffects people 's lie considerably , so we c sy that in 50 yrs , the lifesyle will be complely diferent to what we he today .
We can a hat 50 years ago we d not thoght of having h technlogy that currently xists , sh as he Internet , TV , smatphones , etc .
lso , the lifestyle s completely differen ; the industry had not developed technology that now lows you to be mre efficient nd may people did work ht can o be one by a few of tem .
So , if technology continues to advae as it has don until now , or lifestyle will change to .
eraps in 50 years moe , we wl le in a world where tchnolog makes or ie mch asier , but at he same tme , we ill be depending on it .
Dear Jo ,
I as ry surprised to ar that you want to spend yu year f from uniersit in my country and I am ls xtremely flatered .
As you akd for my dvice , I wold sugst etting a job in the smme because you si you would ol at to or for about hree months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress beuse you do n't ee muc xperence , and I knw you do n't hve any , d if ou get a job in the mmer as a result , you 'll be at te beach ms of he tme an you can snd he rest of the year visiting oher lacs .
My favorte laes to vii are in the area I lve in a I would songly remmend those due to he ft that we can also me and I would be delighted to se you again .
he place were I enjoyed myself th most was " h ran Castl " , so nwn as acula 's asle .
It 's on of the most beautiful cstles , in my opinion , an it represents the mo imporan thing ths country is knon for , an tat is Dracula .
He was atualy o of h rule of this contr and hi real am s Vld pes .
Th easn he used to kill peple ws because te did n't respect t laws .
Another attraction hich is a unique one is " t mey cemtery " . It is fmous for the colourful paintings on the tombstoes describng , in a very origal way , te pele burie ere and their ves .
It once a just a simple cemetery , but now it is an open ir museum .
An if u an to have se fun too , there r so fesivals that y ight enoy .
They are qite g and a lt of important artits come .
T biggest one in t country is in the city where I le , so you 'll have a plae to ay , nd o free .
I hpe my avice as usefl ad I look frward to seen yu next er .
Andeea
I have two different rasos to exain wy I wt to sud at BC in Ofod gai .
Te first reason is hat I have alread studied there three yers ago and it was a wonderful xperience . I met er nie people from all over the word . I improved my English lvel thns to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
The second is a pragmatic reason . I hav a five year degre and I worke for two years in a edical devices compa but nw I am uemplyed .
In Italy , it is ute hard to find a jo at h moment and I want to y wor xperience in the UK , but it is necessay to becom mor confident it my Engish and ht is wa I hop to otain from the ELTS cuse .
I already know that it could be tuh , specially to be far fom my faily and my girlfriend , but it is something at I feel could be right fo me , and f my cree .
Te thing that orries me mst is getting usd to h English weather !
ublic transport is a ommo means of tansport ued in ma countis , usually to transport pope en masse from one location to other .
Howvr , as countries evelp and h economy grows n life changes , people change d sadards of living chng too . The factors tha lea people to have their own car a dependent on n limited to svera factors . There r lso factors uc as socia ad financia conition tht ted to influece people to hae hei own car intea of travelli by publ bu / train . We houl also consider the conditions of rods , access ad trafic , giving people an opportuity to cooes to travel in ther own car or on public ransort . In som countries , there ae eparate anes deicatd to public transport which hp an ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With raffi tchnology solutions , owng a car is lwys better .
Another factor we should consider is h public transpot stos on the way to destinaions , which require planin a cachin public tasport to avoid late arrival at your detination .
The subject , no future fo public transport is ambguous as h avantags a disadvantages are ot consider on .
Welome touriss ,
This is a guide for you . I hope it will hl ou a little .
Fir of all , I nt to expln trvl liks ih e to . A lt of people co by trn , It is situatd at the top of the to and is the bt wa to trael to yous eause it is e qicket , but if o prefer to come by us , the bus stop is na the tin station .
Thee are many shos around the town . For exaple , we hve e where childen can mak tdy bears while the parnt n e them rom the restaurant ; ma children said tat it was t best ple in the wld .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one a ike sixty year ago . So , if o have never been in one , you shuld go , because it oe not cost very much . sides , t musum hs a kindergarten for the ks .
Apart fr hat , the on is ear he beach , and there we have man rsturants ere u an e hil you ae watching the avs on the s .
O personal recommendation is the " Sr Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel bcaus may yes a it ws a catle , d you a seep in th ki 's bd an ever night it has theatre , where o can take a part in a play .
ear S / Madam :
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was publshed in the local Newspaper on 31 y 2008 .
As ou can see in th attahed CV , I hve experiece wrkig wih children of dferent gs .
For three year , I babyat my neighbor 's t daughters .
When I sarted , they were 3 a 6 ars od and I loved preparing raft to do with tem d I usually had to ve them dinner .
In addition , o te last hre years , I ave be a volunteer at my enis cu , where I ve developed different skill to organze activties , spts gams and competitins for children from 6 to 14 years ld .
I am an energetic , psitive and outoing prso .
I enjoy dong a kin of sport with my friends .
Workng with children , I ave learned to be ore patient n , moreover , I am ble to motivate them to gv the best of themselves .
Also , I av gaine communiction ills though speaking wh th hilren and the families .
Regardng wokig in h kitchen , I am a really good cok and I usaly hp my parents eery weekend .
Finaly , altugh I usually spek Spanish , my secd languge is English .
Without doubt , I am h prsn ou a lookng for an it is a jb that I would be ve excited to have .
I lk forrd to hearing from you ,
Yours faithfully
Susana .
Public transport is a useful w to comut fro pace to place , esecially in big cities .
Besides its advantas , whch re tht it is chp and fa , there ae many disadvanges to taking a s or train , suh as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
It is said tht , instead of tang pblic trnspor , comuter will trave by car because of i convenience . In my opinion ,
pulic transport will haly be replaed by travelling by r .
First of l , public ransport is used by ay peopl who do n hav cas , like students nd orers . They can afford to buy tickets .
For example , during my studet days , I ued to take buse to go to school every day and come ac hoe .
Secondly , the infrastructu in t big citie is no sufficient for all e cars .
Taffic jas alway happen in the rush hurs , hn there are so many crs on the road .
Fossil fuel is running ou .
Tha aks ptol 's price increase eey day .
It ha been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing rought , nd flooding areas tanks to the inceasing demand r usig petrol f privae cars .
In conclusion , pbic transport wl be an excelnt transportation mthd fo the increasing demands of omuting .
Introduction
he ai of this report is to examne the available local tansprt ad posibl improvmen .
Curenly , h local modes of transport avaiable are buses an tax .
Bus in nee of rpai
h most used public transprt is th b .
The town is covee by mo than thirty routs , ot of them it a uplicae followng the same rout in h opposite direction .
Howver , bue are osty usd by vr young pople and old people .
Children often s tm to go to school n bck , and the olde poulation , wih increased problems sing fr away , prefer to use th s to travel around t iy .
In my opinion , e bigget proem it uses is tha they are becoming ery degraded n in desperate need of eair .
Most of them do n't he ai conditioning , meanng ht in the sumer they are tremendousl hot , and some have problems wth the windows that cause th bus to be extrmey cl in wintr .
The alternative - Tais
r the average midle - aged rson , the logical option is to ue a taxi .
Txs a available throughut e city , a c be cled by a simple pne message .
The bad sid wit xis is hat they re still very expensie , with al te extra fees n dferent znes .
Recommendation
There have ben rumors of he construction of a etro in our town .
That wul be an xcellnt alternative to te current means of transportation , since it is fs , is n't affected by traffic , n it is geerally heaper ( since it rele on electricity ) .
Another option old be to create a ystm to rent bicycles ; is as ben don in many cities with reat results .
Hi David ,
that 's amazing . I just nted to write you an sms d at the ae ime I received an mai from you !
It 's great that yur college friends nt to visit Suth Bohemi .
I love ths place so uh !
I 'll recommend he ots of jewels ta culd be interting to tm for sure .
First of al , if te are staying in České udějoic , they n spend at est three days thr sightseeing .
Anywy , they must visit or ain squae , which h mny historical builings .
Thy ca cmb the " Black Towr " an liten to singing from h to hall .
There is a he numr of shop in he ente , so ha about oing shopping ? Sightseeing in ts twn is ey convenient fo tourists because they n reach evything on foot .
If t eathr is nice , they should defiitely ke a trip to Kleť .
It 's e biggest hill , wher y n go up te looout tower and it 's not fr from České Budějovice .
Thee is an interesting observatory too , and wa 's mo , the est rsaurant I hav ever been to .
They must defnitely order he best soup in h rld .
The best ay to g ter is by car .
Čský Krumlov is woh seeing as wl .
Ther 's a plasan historical etre and a monumental astle located on t b ock .
They n see 2 ron bears there n lots of souveni shops too .
ou can take a bus the .
I hop your fends wl be satisfied with my ip .
If yo want to now mre about he desinaton , just write me a mssge or gi me a all .
All the bst , Iva
T tatemet given in the rric proposes an isse of the futre of pulic ansport in developed countries .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint f several rsons .
First of all , ehicls designed to carry lre umbers of peopl ca nt be unnecessay in big ciies .
Moder megaloplises are sufeing because of a surlus of utomobiles .
Ths happens nt on becase of environmental aspect , but mental apects as el .
Regular citens se to be tired of eterna traffc jams ad yard illed wt parked rs .
Ts , it is asolutly possibl wsh of the average person , who pends most of th ti downtow , to replace a r wh a s or an undergrund train .
The main reason is genea fatigue from the ge nume of vehile ound .
Secndy , taking into account that lg - ditance tps can o be avoided .
Wateer type of journey you take , you uld be mo likely to prfer to use a train or lne , becase it would be ch more conenient and would no demand n phsical exerton .
Mental xertion cn nt be excluded , bu hat is a different questin .
Overll , thre are a nuber of caus o sagreeing ih te suggestion that private transport is becoming mr and more populr in compario wit pulc transport .
e nl thing that deiitely should be canged in the uture , is the approach to t usage of cars owere by gsolie .
ar he Roqetas Concert Hall , you ll in a Japanese retaurnt amed " Ichiban " . Opne a ew years a , it 's not we kown yet , bu this des n't prevent it quickly getting bsy at lunch time at the weekend .
Although sometimes it might be rather noisy because of the people athered there , I fnd is decr ute attractive and , as sua in this kind of restaurant , rlaxng .
Th taf is charming , helpful and pleasn as ell .
However , it might be ht you have to wat a wie r yr food to be servd , but it 's worth it .
ou cn chose fro a variety of dishes on teir men - sushi , mk , tc .
Different kinds of sashimi are oferd - ackrel , sea as , octopus , btte fish .
The sashii of almon is my favourit one .
I have to mention the sou , especially the seaood ou .
Delicious !
the great vrety of rice and noodls deserves to be mentioned - with hicken , ee , praws , vegetbles .
ll dshes are serv wi careu preentaion , are highly crativ d very attractive to t eye .
A negative pon of the restaurant , in my viw , is the la of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Resturat " , yu 'll have the chne of njoyig a dlicious meal in a very ageable tmsphere .
Reflecive Witig
I hv done to take reponsiblity for my ow learning .
Independent learni has become an inispensabe part of finishing tertiary - level eduation sccessfully .
However , traditional taching methods , ore - feeding students , have mad me overly dpndent on eachers in Chia , whc has led me to follo techers indicriminatly .
Cmpred with EAP course , it end to be taken responsibility fo fnishing assessments idependently , espeilly or academic writing .
Frstly , it as oo difficult for me to hand in assessments on tim , becse I used to spend oo much im on playing gms itout eahers ' supervisin , so that I lways did o have enough ie r finishing academc assignments independently .
Folloing this trend , I have beome a procrastinaor in h e , which made me able to ae he problems of time managemet .
In thi sense , the term " tie anagement " mns h abiliy to control time by prioritizing tsk and lanning h efectve scheduling of te to balce study ad ork , and to kee concentration on motivating yourself to lan wards a goal ( Academic Skills Ut , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Dvelopig a strategy r studng is vitl .
Rh ( 2006 ) stts ht u will stay up late to coplee assessments beore the dadlin is e without planning in advance .
Threfre , te best wy is to lae 30 minutes every day o eadng and bginning to rd at on .
Based on examinig my curen experience n reserch , I oticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in indepedent learning , is th rot cause of these problems .
Tn I made a ew cnscous changes where I began to manage the deadlnes r finishng my homework ahead of sm weks , as well as sopping procrastinating in t mos important areas of my le .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously lan , which will be a vr important factor in future for pasing AP1 successfully , as wel as giig me an dvantge in rms of coig wih the challenges of my fuue achelor of Nursing in Australia .
h most historical place in pan is e city of Cáceres .
It is in the soth of Spain , whe th eather is warm .
Cácere is visited by many tourists every year .
Moreover , there e man thing to see an do here .
At the begnning of th th centur , Cáeres was cnquered by he rabs .
Th spen ive ceturies here .
At the end of the 14th century , Cáceres was conquered by t oman .
Therefore , it is a multicultural n multircal ociet .
On te other nd , Cáceres is divded int two main areas ; the new cit , which has modern an tll buildings .
As well as te historcl cit , which ha sht and narrow streets .
h center of he itorical city is the Big Squre . Thee ar mixe Arabs and Roan buildings , an t cthedrals .
The mos imorant palace is Jorge 's palace .
orge was a king who n an important batle gainst the Arabs .
To sum up , if I he to reommnd a ace , I wil recommend Cáces .
For seeral esons .
In the fist ple , he people are really fu a friendl .
In e secon place , you would learn the histry of pain in the steet .
In the thrd place , this ar , Cácees is th cital of astronomy in Spain .
My faourte restauran is hnese .
In Caceres we cn t Chinese ood at Fd House .
Se eople do n't lke this ood , but at hi restaurant you n et other yes of fod . Fr examle , Spanish fo a Mexican food .
The amosphere in this restaurant is vy good nd it 's vry clean .
is restaurant is very big , so we wud n't have a problem .
Te waitresses a waiters are ver friendly and funn .
Thi restaurant is buft sle . We pid 15€/person nd we could et n rik all ha we wanted .
From my poit of ve , hs restauat has o dawback ; e waiter an waiteses do n't om to t table , you have to go to et you oo and drik .
I love this restaurant . T food is absolutely delicious .
In th et of mateals , the listening passage iscusse the dantages of alohol and ow it contributs to improvin healt nd personality , and the reading contradicts thi by revealin the downside of it .
In the listenng assag , he professo discusses the advantes of aohol nd w it helps to reduc heart ataks d stoes by 40 pecen , u to te act that it reues blood clos d slows dow he deterioration of ban functo .
In additon , moerate rinkin hlp to mainin halty movement , because om reseac a hown tht people who drik merately have a lesser proportin of body fat , becaue lcool speeds up the metolism , whch makes calories burn uicly .
oreovr , it is stated that people wh drink moderately have postive scial behvior , whch eans th they are mor likely to esablsh contact ta non - driker , and hey ar mre social , opular and they r more likely to be married .
On e other hand , e reading onrasts with hs by mentioning the disadvantages of alcol .
irstly , it is taed that alcohol lea to weight gain , ecaus it hs ore calories per gram than y other drin , nd it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose e aories of a gass of wine .
Furthermore , tuies have shown ta acohl timulats e appetite , hih aks peop consume more hn the ee .
or example , researchers have found that ell fat is relae to acohol .
Second , alcohol can cau some serious health isse , especially cirrhos of the lve , heart failure , bain damage and a variety of cacers .
Thrd , people o ink alcohol tend towards aggression d violnce .
In fact , studie show th 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percnt of seual assaults ar lnke to lcohol .
Wth h devlopmen of gobalizatin , there are varieties of imact on iferent spets of daily ife .
People alo discuss is advantges and disadvantages .
Thi essy il describe both postive and negtive infuence of transportation in hina usng some examples .
Firstly , there is a benefit of gloalizaion that people can by om special produs fr vrios countries on th ineret instead of buying in h production site .
So transportation of oos has become an important link r bot the publi and bsnesses .
In recent yer , some different sized logistics companies he been hod , and different mes of transportation have developed apily .
For example , in he past , th main mods of transportatio wr shps , trains nd tucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels d letters .
Hever , nw , an increasing nmber of onsumer n logistics companies hav chosen airplanes , whch c save a t of time r tranporing ter parcels .
Secondly , hee is still a disadvantage of globalizaion relating to transoration in China .
T reason is th the development of globlization has et or country improve its conomy .
Hoever , becse of the increaing standard of iving , a growi numbe of peol have chosen to travel , hich has t heavy pressure on transportation .
So in ordr to transport a huge nuer of visitors who a nt ol foreigners bu aso naive eole , the govermnt and experts hv to thik of some different ways to solve ths probm .
o example , some cities lik Beijing an agzhou hav to limit he nube of cars wich ome fo traveling to decease t pressure of ransportaton in sigt spts ad ci cntres .
In conclusion , lobalization of transportation has brought boh posive and negative ffets r Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people need to ind th right ways to let globalization rais h standrd of living wle discussing t advantaes and disadvantages .
ra is a small village in Ital d it is ao my town .
a really aes ca of the environent .
If you visit it , you will probably appreciate all e invations apled to sve our environment .
Fr exaple , ll he members of the twn uncil e bikes , so they ar a good example to all citizens .
So , if u wat a bik , to get around asiy , you hae to get a ad ich allows you acce to ll bike situated in spcified places in the it .
In my wn , cars do n't llute .
They have gre engines .
These engines use bio fuels , so the evironment is ot affected .
I am reall prod of my cty eause thre ae few .
I think if we ant to protect or environment , we shuld strt with th little tins .
Nowadays it 's very imortat to be bilingual .
peakig ju yor native languae is n enough to or or to travel .
Moreover , if you wnt to id a oo job , u must be ble to speak o or three languages wihut any prolems .
You should speak accurately and also fuentl .
I n speak three languages .
My native anguage is Catln bcaus I 'm rm Valencia .
I also nw Spanish and , in additio , I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worceste , a ity in England .
I 'm an au ir .
Lat year , I w in Polad and I cold se w impotant it w to pea English . Wit this language , you can comunicae ih oth people , ot st English ople u wih al peopl around the world .
Wh I was a child I did n't undertand h I needed to learn nglish , but now I c s ho important it is . For hi reas , I 'm motivate to learn .
On e oter ad , I love travelling nd if yu now eveal languages everhing will be easier .
You can undertand the guide , the signs ...
you n enjoy yorslf a l and learn more abo different culture .
Howeve , learing a languge taes a long ti nd o need to be patient .
Moreover , nguage courses ca be expensive . In my opnin , h best ting th you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because ou need to learn it to find a b or to make friends .
As far as I an see , it 's iportant to know languages , ot just your mther tonge .
I encourage everybody to lear languages .
It cold be nice and give you more opportunities to do whatever o wan . d do n't lose heart , at t beginnig it old be difficult bu , bit by t , you wl s yo progress .
Wih a thosand yars of buildng and fighting for he libety of or nation , we can be pou of our hisry .
Vetnam is a sal conty t it hs defeated two g ations which waned to turn Vieta into heir colony .
Wt rong patriotism , te Vietnamese people nowadays are trin to evlop th ation , to t into the globalization process .
Howeve , as a resident of t country , we c n forget about hisory nd about ur ancestors ' serices rendered to h nato as wel as o culture nd ideology .
As a rewr fr their efforts .
Each nation hs thir n historical place . Vietnam is not an outcas , we aso ae many historical places which help th ounge generation to understand abou e past .
ose places will el them to ake a cls look at te roots of our nation n learn w to appreciate r culture , cstos and traditon .
We can mention many paes , such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , h Tepe of Literatur ...
Toay , I will enion one of the inic lacs in Vitnam wch you should not miss whe o trvl to itnam .
It is t Teple of Literature , the first university of the natin .
he Temple of Literature a built in 170 , in the Ly dynasy .
In spite of wr and the destruction of tm , the Tmple of Literature is stil preservd in good shape o .
We can till ee many ancien strcures whic hw e main trend of architecture at tat time .
ike many other Asan cntries , in t past , we wr great inflenced by h ideology of Confucius , a phlosopher from ina .
He built a system hic s baed on 4 essental relationships in society .
The lesons that schoar at that ie recive , most of thm er aut his ideolgy .
Aart rm that , he learned ostly about literature a poetry .
We a biefly decibe te oeral structur of the Temp of Literature , which onists of six parts .
Fistly , there were 3 main gates , th center on only f the kng , the left side one was f administrators , he rht sde on s f te ilitary .
cholars coul oy eter by a smal gate ro e side .
The hre r fv courtards from the first one to te fth oe from oside to inside .
n rmarkable feature of e Temple of iterature is that the peopl who assed 4 rounds of examinations en aind position ttls wol have their nmes engraved on the ste gve carried on tne tutes .
Rig at th momnt of entering , ou can se them from t sides of he courtyards .
The emple of Literature is a hollw lac o stuents even now .
Before the university entrance examinatins , mny stuents come hr an ish r luck .
he Tepl or Literature ( or Ipeial Acade ) can be seen as he ms el - kown histocal place in Vietam .
It contains not only he history bt also th culture and customs , nd it is h first official institute which yo should t iss .
I do a lot of sports , for emple , ccling , kartin , ootbal n basketball but my favourte sport is swimming because I have been doing this sport wih my grandfather since 1995 .
I love swimming beaue if you are angry or yu job is ver stessul , ou will feel well afer tirty minutes in a poo .
Al , y meet a lot of people ile you do pot .
Th is a relaxing sport because while you e swimming you can thik abou your life .
noter good point bout thi prt is that you have to mo all parts of yor od .
Actuly , this sport is very healthy , so some dctos are ecommending this pe of sport .
Yo cn do diferent sports in h pol , for example , swimming , water aerobics , Olympic ding or diving .
If you begi to do ts srt , you houd ear good snorkeling goggls and you shol warm up five mines before you g nt the pool .
Aso , yu should have a old sower after and before yu sim . This is good ecause your bd tmperature is otter thn the water in the po and if yu gt into the pool very qicky ou oud have a poble wh your od temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
In Japan , tre a my interesting places to visi .
For exampl , yto is a ppuar ple to visit because it s a ot of inaluble temples .
aporo is an attactve place bcuse the ra fh and vegetabes r resh n ne to eat .
Among thee placs , Mt .
Fuji is th mt wonderful pce in Jaa . Because its scenery is so bautiful , it is a popular lce ad it ofers several excitng activties .
e frst reason is Mt .
Fuj hs very bautifl scenery .
For instnce , in witer , Mt .
Fuji is changed to a wite ace by snow .
T whe Mt .
Fj is very beautif , so it has ben the ubject of countless wrk of art , such as the ' hirty - sx Views of Mt. uji ' , a seris of " uki - e " paintins by Hokusai .
Also , in ummr , lmot all th sno on Mt Fuji mlts and it changes to bow an green coors .
At a summer suset , Mt .
Fuji is so ajestic that mn ictures and paintings ha ben dn of Mt .
Fj at sunset .
Dependin on the season , Mt .
Fji maks various beautiful sigh and it lways fascinates ma people .
The second reason is that Mt .
uji is a polar mountn .
There r so many peple wh come here .
A lot of travelrs and cibers come to clim the muntain and moe than 200,00 people lib to the tp of Mt .
Fui in a yar .
In adition , many ameraen a painters come to record the beautiful lanscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Al , many observers of weather , stars or space com here , sic this is an important place to oberve wathr , stars and sace .
The last reason is tt Mt .
uji ofers several xciting leisure activities .
Climbing to the op of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in lae Jl and August .
Climbing to the mountaintop is not easy because h height is mre than 3,70 meters .
However , numerous climbr come to experience seeg the very beautiful views , such as he exquisite rising s fom Mt .
Fuji .
In additin , a maahon kes place ever year .
This marathon is ey ard due to severe onditions of lo xygn and a steep lop , so people h a pru of hving a ston by y hi marathon .
Furtherore , arund Mt .
Fu , there are fie beutifu lkes and ma hot sping .
These off a campsite , fishing , ruising , and takng a o spring bath with a nice vie .
Enjoying an activity th a nic view is relaxing o ople .
Japan a a ot of good plce o relaxing , bt th est place is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
uj hs bautful sceney , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for peopl .
Mt .
Fuj will continu to make a wonderful iprssion on many people forever .
Story
Th dorbel ran .
When I opened the dor , imagine my srprse , as hee a nobody standing .
NO oe at all .
I could only fe a hot , smelly stream of ind . '
Ther must hav ben a naugty child ' , I thought , thout wrring .
Later in he week , I was ing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opee f no easo and I el h same hot wind in my fce ad smelld th se funny sml .
Tha a wn I fst started to believe at something rog a hapenng at home .
Te xt time suc a thing happened to me I et no wind but smlled is particular stink .
It as as if somebod ws cooking some cauliflower .
At that time , I a unemployed , so I wa n't ab to move house and as I was n't afaid of it I had to ut up with thse range events .
So , I dcidd not to pay any attention to it and to carry on ith my rmal lfe .
No I have to admit tht I hae a roblem . I am sharing my hoe with a ghost or two , b I do n't ind as long as he or he lees me alone .
My nme is Crisin and I am 19 yers old . I tink I am a suitable prson becase I hav been working wih children f qte a long time .
My parents he both been working since I was 12 , so I had to te cr of my little ster , w is four ears younger tan me .
Also , I lov spending tm it children .
Fr this eson , I have been doing hre corse during this year .
hee are uite interestg a he helped me to know deepr chiren 's peasures .
I have lear a lo of activities hich let them hv fn at t se ime as they get in touch ith natre .
I am abe to co some deliciu dishes too .
My grandmother sd to run a resturan n s tagt me some Italin recps .
I ae to practise more , u I think I am qualified eoug to do his activit .
I am available a summer , so I could sar to work whenve you need me to .
I would lik to knw as soo as possib whether you re hring me ice I ve to lok for a cheap and ll qalifie airline cmpany which I can afford .
Please contact me if you ed any ore information abo me .
Yours faithfully
Good afternoon .
My name is John , I 'm twenty - nine years od and I live in Romania .
his mnh , on te 9th , I 'm going to av an or n writing examiation on my nglish anguag knowlede .
he English language is a foeig anguae r me , but I have sudied it for n yea d opefully I will mnage to ps t exam .
I am artiularly concened about my speaking skills and I hoe I wil t be too nervous in front of the teachers .
The eam is sposed to be on professional maers .
Sbjets ike paspots , tael dcument , third couty citizens , inhumane treatment or punishment will be the ai criteria of he exam .
I have tree more ay to prepare myself bettr , but to be honest , I 'm n in he mood f studying .
I 'm going to rael all te w to th capital of my country , pproximaely three udred ad fifty kilometres .
I called a girl who is a cllague of in fr anoher airor .
She sid sh wou join me for he eam .
In fact , se wil also participate in the exam .
Hopeflly , I will pass te exam and wil ttend te Enlis course for a month .
Afterards , I will have the ght to take par in the interational missions to maitan eace under e patronage of te European Union .
I hope to com back happier .
ear Sir / Madam ,
I am witing in rgad to he envionmental poble yu are researching .
irt of ll , I am gong to present to you oe general informatio about the environment in our vilage .
- r villag has only 0 ciizens , thrfore the amount of rubbish produced in a year is inignifcant to the environent in o area .
- The is a recycling fciliy nar our village a 80 ercent of he rubsh is bing rcycled .
- 60 percent of the ouse in the ilage have slar panl .
Seondly , I am going to inform you about hw ou citizens are tying to keep e ea clean .
- There are cleaning campaigns twi a ar .
- hee ae separate rubbish ins or plastics , metl ad glass in te wle ea .
Last , I am going to explain o our villag is kept attractive .
- Last ye there was a ampaign to rne a repair the mo attractive parts of te village .
All the important bildings an monuments were cleaned and repainted .
In conclusion , I wod a that our village is an example of an envirnmentall aware city .
I hoe this reort informed ou ful on the environmental situaion in ou vllage .
Yours faithfully ,
Kina Yevtushenkova .
eort : How Buapst takes care of its environment ?
It 's very hard to organise a bi city 's rubbs cllecton system n to keep the city clean .
In connection with the fist issue , Budapest accomplishes e sk ver well .
In udapest the rubbish is collced eparatly .
In he new buildings , there ae usually dustbins for each type of mateial ( gas , plastc , ec . ) , nd aoud the odr buildigs tere are more and me eparate dustbins .
So , almost everybody h lies in Budpst has te hance to use hi for of rubbish collection .
It wou be ogical that we recycle the garbage as muc as possible , and ere are factories here they use ths technique , u in Budapes we do n't sally ue ny reccld gos hese days .
And that is a serious poblem , because in the not oo distat uture , we wo n't be able to hanl e garbae - there wo n't be enoh space whe we c eposit it .
Aother ( on could say he mst ) important question about a apital iy is : how lan is it ?
In that ara , Budpest is really wful .
In pte of the number of ceanes , h wn is dirtier thn iena or Prage .
Natually , it manly depens on us : if we could put our garbae in the dustbin , insed of leaving it on the stret , it would be easier to eep it clan .
However , it would n't be imposble to collect the rbbish nd clean the sreets moe ofte - it 's just a matter of organisati .
Sine yoga entered my li , I am trin to change my como view of mn things .
My lifestyle is mng them .
Th ecological situation is seriusy bad , not oly in my cty , but in my country in general .
Rubbish rcyclig is the biggest proble in Kyyv , in my opinion .
All he rubbsh is takn to a hge um a e kilometres away rm the city .
Wt a sml !
But pepl mostly do n't care about it .
We kee on eneratig rubbish and uing armfu things .
We ill use plasic bg and bottles , phosphte detergents , thow batteries away .
o to ntion diapers and sanitary towels , pape napks ad many her things .
Unforuately , we do n't separate rubbish .
C you magine why ?
Beause reccling is hardly develoed hr , in Ukraie .
There are no fctories and pnts to reycle all these materials , thog we 've areay go spcia yeow bin for pape and ass in th city stets .
For a ve long time I 've een doing my st to separate rubbsh , n thn , it was a really brht ummr mrning , I saw tat the specl yellow bin for pper and gas as emtied into te same lorry it the other rubish ...
Yellows bs were carid wy fo ou yard a few days later .
Once aai , tee 's only one n for all type of rubsh .
Dear S or Madam ,
I hve just ed your dvertiement on you page or recuiting people o summer camps l oe the USA .
First of all , I hv provided experience working ith children in that age range .
I ave taken courses in Firt A nd I am ev oing a course as a personnel trainer fr children wh some delay an disability .
Secndly , I have be wrking in a restauant r mor than five yars .
Starting there , begining as a dishwasher , being promoted unti I go te main positon as a hef .
In my sar ime I wk f a n - for - profit oranizatin as a lown .
I have been learing English o 8 eas d after I sa r the FCE exam tw years ago , as son as I passed the xam , I tated preparing fr the certificate in advanced nglsh ex so that I could dmontrate my English skil even or , both writen and spokn .
I ae futher profesional and personal reference .
Final , I am available to have an interview if you csider my qualifications positivel .
I wi be waiig for your rpy .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
The fc that " shopping is no lways enjoyabe " migh be considered a universal truth .
Alhough it is true that shopping might not be a ey interestig topic , it mut be stad that it is necesar .
Ter are may dffrent kis of shoppig : e.g. clothes , groceries , furnitr , nstrments , etc .
It all depends on what you a aout to u .
When it coes to clothes , ther a also differnt kinds of people , te on who do it out of necessit a the ne who do it f fun .
e fmer igt not be so enjoyable hilst h latter , oviouly , is on for enjoyabl purpoes .
oceries and fniture , as el as instruments , follow the same pattern .
It all depends on he tpe of person buying them , thr personality and a wide range of ther cracteristics hch will not be covered o .
Lastl , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you ar shoppig ( i.e. the room , the organiztion , the pric , h distance , etc ) and the unknown people who re in it , wo ay cause trouble or facitate your shopping a make it me enjoyale .
These fators wi be explaine on another occasion .
In conclusion , opping might be both : ejoyble and not .
In order f ejyment to happen , a ange of different vaiables he to take place .
Although there are a l of eople wh strongly bliee the bet way of travelling around the city is by mtorbike , ter is ao a large proportion of ociet who are sr it has to may drawbacks to be ort buying on .
Owing a motorbike has advantages .
e very important positive aspect is that , thanks to e smll amunt of petrol it needs , th eeping of a motbike is ry economical .
In addition , as it is smalle tan a a , parkng becms uh es complicated .
Besides , for the sme reason , it is sier to avoid traffc jams .
On t other hn , motorbike do also have drawbacks .
For example , the la of safey , whh ries the probability of getting hut if an accent occus .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is he lo number of pasengers who cn travel on a motorbik . Conseqenly , t everybody inds it covenient or comortable to w on .
In cnclusion , owin a motobike can be useful or ueless depending on the lfestyle you have , your economic status , d the number of peole you need to travel with .
Ha you ever been in trouble which yp of transport o should take ?
I was , to !
Let 's image : you c hoose betwen lne , train and bt .
If you mut go a on way , he you 'll proably ot fr travelling by lne ...
It 's a good de , but ... I 've gt aviopobia !
It makes my every journey upleasant d I fee uneasy all th wek bfore h fligt .
But excluding cases like mine : flying is he fastest , e afst and often t chapest ay to trave .
We can tae a ti by boat .
t tis mode of transport is n't so comfortale , especially hen we must tvel onshre ; then it 's omplcated because trvelling by at is allwd ny on the s or n sizable river , the courses of which are uuall laed ls conveniently than road or even ailway tcks .
In ha case , hs means that my favourite way to travel is by train !
For me , it has some very importan advantage , like ht yo do n't stan in rafic , there are reductions fo students , o risk of acidents , possibility of sleeping , posibility of tavelling it a ke or other big luggage .
os railway ines ar qui spruce an , fr me , tavellin by train is a pleasure !
In my opinion , eerythin depends on or preferences , t the train is a general - purpose means of transpot , I recommend it !
My favorite spo is badminon , which I have played f svn eas a I started this sprt when I was in unio high .
At first , I was not interested in it , since I d n't have any idea ow to play , as I a only played basketball a volleball . However , I dd n't eoy the two at al .
Moeove , I also id n't ie to do execise hich was tirng and my strenth was extrmey wek so that every time we id 00 kilometers , I always raned in he last thee .
Bu when I decided to s out d catted with my freds , n of my male friends , ho a sill kpt in ouc to this day , asked me to play wth hm .
Aer he understood th reason hy I did n't have y desire to play , he told me to gv it a t , nd if I tll id n't like it , he uld't force me .
Then , he tauh me o to play . Fo exapl , he hitting , use e strength of te whle arm and do n't just u your elbw , or y wil eel tired quickly .
Wie playing , I rejoiced at ts exercs , because I had neer sweated so much a fel refrehed before .
The funniest thing to me ws that I thugh I s a kid w as stdyin in kindergarten because of th a he tauht .
he hiting the bll back successflly , he wud sy ' ' good , keep going " or " you did it '' .
Httig t bll again and again , I learned I lve badminton nconsciousl , becase it t only includes running , but ao concenratig .
Badminton is an easy sport ha everyoe c try . Jst focus on he ball an hit it back .
In additon , before playing , you must warm up and rlax your muscles after playing in ce you uffer injuries .
At . : Mrs ae Ashb
Managr of Gree Pepp Cafe
ea Mrs Ahby ,
I am wring to ply for a chnce to rk at weends in your cafe as avertised .
I am ow a housewife .
Coing o my family is n of my hbbis , an I am therefore fn of inding differt kind of od .
In additin , havin been equipped ith my rather od Engish - speaig skills nd cross - cltural ommunication skills obtained urin my time working as a receptionist for a anadian minin company , I feel ver confident and approachable wen dealin wt cutomers .
Last bu not lat , I am willing to work for long hours if requrd .
Wi sch ualties , I stogly blieve tht I old do thi jb vry well .
Aother reason I am applying for tis job is that it will be raly a go cance fo me to hep partly incrase my incom at is time d iprve my family 's living conditions .
I am lookng forward to hearing from you as son as psible .
Your consderaion and cceptnce of my application il be mu appreciated .
Yurs incerey ,
Tong S Ku
e world whee we liv no is mr suitable for young people , as ay coul say and prove , en thoh , in some ountries , der people can hae a decent life wihou depending on yong peop .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admt that young peole have oe opporunities to enjoy lfe because of all the technolgcal advances tht olde people ten not to understand well .
As , because of h ac that urbanization has not helped most countie to adapt the cities int moe ccessible places for senior ctizens .
The w tecnologies r soething tt we ca nt ve without anymore .
t , unfortunately , the n gadgts n be very diffiult to maag or aster , especially f h part of te population who did t learn abo tm whle they were childr or students at te univesiy ( older peole ) .
I am o of the fortunat people w was bon in e technologcal era , which mns that I ae had access to cmputers , ps and mobiles , for emple , since I was a little chld .
The echnological dvies elp me in my daily life in a way hat I can no longer travel or ven commute in my city without hm .
Th fact tha these oos e familiar fo yug peole mkes them elpful and eful .
On the other hand , to someone wh di not hv these whe he were youge n more actve , such as grandmoters and grandfathers , the e deice ae js thns that he can ot ue or undestnd .
h oer eple ar limited in teir ablitis to s echnology that oul be vuable to pride enjoyable times at hoe , on the sreet , in a museum , etc .
Anther transformation , which is elate to he advances hat humnity has been seeing latly , is the canges in th cies nd our ling aits .
Since lt centry , th wrld popuatin is mo pesen in e bigger cities , whic , as a reslt , ve bee icreasng in size and in problems .
The urbanization implemented by governments across the ecaes in e itis is sometimes not suitab fr all members of the pulc .
For instance , der people or people with diabilitie hve great difficuty uig th etro system because of the number of sair .
My moter is a perfect case study for me because h ca not use e rnsportation syse in Paris or New Yok witht gettg lost ad ery tired om all h walki hat she a to do wh commuting .
The mobility of ode people is ceainly reduced if compared with a ounger person .
Sometmes , the lack of solutions to the reduced apacty of movement in big cite comps th older population to tay at hom .
In ths case , they do not ae he possibility to go ut n njoy h benefits tat ciies ma ing to their ies .
Therefore , the nw technologies a th trasformation in th cities are very beneficial for the young pa of the ppulation who ar capable of undrstnding o to manage e modern devces and use all kis of transpotaton .
On the other han , for older pole , te odernisation hat we experience is an obstale to te ejoying al that ther is out thr .
he Active Leisure Club
Introduction
e aim of his rert is to give my opiion about th facilities a servces of the Activ eiure Clubs .
Facilities
In general , the faclities ae well maintained but te majrit of t users think that t installation should be imprved in the basketball and tenis court and maybe the bahrom hould be remoelle .
Avantage
The Club is loated in te ci centre d it 's ry len .
T workrs are very kind d sympathet ad enjoy teaching .
In other words , I n say it is e best cu I kno .
Disadvantages
The activiies are expensv .
I belev that it would be a oo iea to reduce the cost of om activites .
Curiously , e Club is csed on Saturday evenin a on Sunday .
Hower , e majoiy of users nt to use h lu at weekends and to spend their ree te here .
Rcommenations
It 's recomend that you improe th faciliies , reduce h pices d open very day until 10.00 p.m.
Sce he ca was nvnted , we have be eeng a large increase in car production an in cr use .
In the eal day , t public transport sytm ws n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
Ter wre few use and te wold take t long , so waiting times wer qit long .
Hwever , as time went by , improvements we made to pubic transprt .
Nowdas , they are modern an comfortable and they ar n't as late as he usd to be .
Tavelling by ca might be mo easant , u it ca also be costly , beause fuel an be very expensive , dependig on he curren economy .
ih rgrds to traffic , travelling by ublc trnsport c alo be quicker , as there is a bus lan d no traffic r th tbe .
Hwevr , over the pa years , people av en traveling ostly by car , whic seem to have led to iher lvels of air pollutn .
Ths is undoubtedly an important environmental sue tat should definitely he u attention .
In spite of all the camains aimig to redce t ue of t car nd icrease te use of public transort , peple still seem to pree to travel by car .
Celebrties and their lives tak intrinsic pae in the lives of contemporary pele .
e rocess of is fac becomg real and common in ou oiety bega about 100 years g , n wat is elly intereting , near 95 percent of people in advanced society c nt maine the world without any kind of inforatio aout amous people ad their existence at all .
Th quetin is if it is god to ake a lf ou of their book and I am gon to tlk aot at .
It is ood to have your unique value system , but stories about pole wh hae ee ong god affect u and your futr deciios .
Prbaly , if you hear about heroi attitues y wl be able to do , wihout dut , soething magnificen as el .
In this way , I think tht it is go to look up to some celebries who e righeous .
Te ecnd thing is that if you are in touble you 'll feel eter than usual becaus of wl - known amas base on atual stories whch happened to faous eole .
As he Engih sa : better the devil yu know .
There are dngers whih apear ecause of overthinking bou trs nd comparing yourself to them - it is clle low self - eeem .
Ee if yo woud ike to be up to te ith th atest nes from celebrities ' pivate lives and pofessinal careers , y have to rember at the mdi disorts eaity .
If something is n't tchy , it wil ot atract peop 's attention .
he press editr otn alter detai so that they e material that els wll .
If you beliee at h media tells the trth , you ar wrong .
To m up , I believe that it is really important to stik a balanc and keep it durin you whole life .
Of cors , you ca loo up to celebrities but o have to be aware of e cnseqences .
Each kind of guidng light helps us , but the most importan thing is to choose the right a accurate person .
INTRODUCTION
T aim of thi report is to decrbe Schedrin 's Schoo of ar for cilren ad young peope .
It is one of the best lces in our town where teenagers n develop their artitc kill .
GOOD POINS
he schol provides lots of differet tivities o ths h a interested in music , drawing , dance and theate .
Students r taght by highly qualified staff .
Mor tan that , all he classes ar free .
e atmosphere at school is vr creative .
Duin the wle schol yar , a great number of xhibitions , conerts d prformnces ar givn by pupils themselves and by invitd musicians and artists as well .
BA POINTS
The worst tig about th choo is that not everyone c be aceted to sudy tere .
Chilre av to tae an entrace examination .
e other ting is tat stdens are ot al to refuse to atnd sme classes they do n like because those are considered to be a pat of an educational standard for h articular artistic are .
CONCLUSIO
It is defitely worthwhile to study tee , lthouh it is advised to let students choose te acivities they prefer .
The henomenon of homeless people has become a srious problem a any cuntries can not sove this problem .
The nuber of homeless pepl is incresing not us in the devlopng countries but all over the wod .
In my opinion , hoeess peole a vicms becus noboy ant to live without seter .
First of all , beng without a ome is a horrible problem .
Oe of the aor reasons for this problem is was , espeilly in th Arab countries like Syria , Liby and Yen .
veryday on the news we see fugees h are living in miserable condito .
They live in tents that do nt protect th from cd weaher or dangerous isects .
he do not have enough food .
In ddtion , financial cise . Mot companies have inancial roblems , so the idal solution to them is downsizing .
ftr a hile , the people o e lai f will ot ha enough money to live and ey will becme homless pple .
Furthermore , stret childre re a rest of family toubls .
ass of vorce e increasing nd man chilen ru away and prefer to live in t teets nstead of in a he full of poblems .
As oppoe to the idea above , some peole eliee ht homeless pople are criminas a te cau daer to our society eause the nee mney and food so ey ight stl or il or this .
To conclude , he world has a complicatd problem , so governments and critable organiatins mut take a quic ecisin d put in place a real solution to solve this problem .
The Homele people a hman bengs an thy must he teir rights in lif .
Just pull oursef together , To !
After h second lse start you 'll be disqalifie and the you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mently tune myself , - Tak it easy !
Thee is a four hundred mee ditane and ten barriers aad - that 's where yu 'll show what you av got .
I wo n't lse , n his time .
I loo around tribues : there a n't so ay pple , dspit the act that today th Astralin Hurdle Chmpin of the sean il be dcide .
Well , maybe it 's for e best - less pressure .
Although h am I deceiving ... - I 'm hnking d ervousy steching u my stiff nec .
The ressure is so gret that it coud be ued as ue to l to pce .
x other sporsmen are shaking like minns grounded by cnce .
I mu look like them fr t sd .
Everyone 's ervou except for Jerome Tnny , ast year 's campion , fams fo hs theaening re - start grin , that we ll cal th " Shark 's ile " .
any is a hum rocket ha 's waring up on a neighboring track ane .
I kn that my od man , Navaro , is the ne to ha sweaty hans now !
Even from er , I can see his anious look n the way he 's fidgetng on a bench .
Tat 's trane , u befre the start my tughts ae as if an old steam locomotive is going to thoe dephs of memory whih are ealy ard to ge to in ordinay lif .
wng to h increase in the polation , umn beings se moe lad to bid houses , whc leads to the delin of frest areas .
he large - scale uildin proets do allow humans to hve homes , but not he anmals .
Thousns of crs of orests a destroyed , leain to cimat chae .
Ou itis et oo much carbon dioxide , making e earh warmer .
hus , e winter becomes cold , and the umme becomes hottr .
The change of climate les to a t of terrble things breaking t .
Floods , doghts , and fmnes . All of these have get efcts on hums an nimals . For instance , he oss of property , h disappearance of eole , which is nt good for the development of human beings .
F oe thing , animals do not hav homes , so som of them bece endangered speie , worse still , i out .
Fr aoher thing , humans will find it hard to get close to nature , and th noises of citis will do hr to uman s ' health .
I think ht efforts mut be mad qckly by governmnt to proct our homes .
Frstly , the population hold be controlled . If umans continue to incres ridly , there wil be no more room fr hmns .
Secondly , gvernmens should teac hei people hw to protect e environment , suc as maing them awre at destroying to much farmland is a b choice .
Thirdly , reserve houl be set up to proid room o animals , d we can help the edangred animals in this ay .
Finally , gvenments sould use h space proply , or example , making lans before building buildings , estimating t effects on huans d nimal .
esterday , I s asked to wrie an artile abt my faorite sport .
My favore sport is running .
Yes ju runnig .
Mt people ould say that rning is jt the most boring spor er .
hey would only do it if hy ha to .
Bu I njy myslf so uh dog this spot , even if it 's just runnn around .
Ruing kep o fit in t ways , as yo ep yor bdy an yr id atve n ealty .
Going for a run is th bes way to set or min fre d to hnk bot nothin .
Morovr , our brain gets oxygen nd your body gets movement .
Your blood is o bl to circulate asily through your vens .
I do n't mind that everyone complains aout ho awfu running is .
Runnn will always be my favorite sport !
Dear cmp direcor ,
I hin I coul be the rigt prsn f hi job . I 'm rall paint and I relly love to be wh kids , play with hem an tke cr of th . I lwas hae fun with tm .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girs and 2 boys , an every me my parents go out o a job nteview , dinner , to the movis , ec . ,
I alas sty hoe d tak care of tem . I ient gas r th to ae fn d they also ca larn wth them . Sometimes I ta hem to e spors cu I work at . I 'm a swimmig teacher nd in my fre time in he afternoon , I 'm wh them in the ool havin fun , pying and tehing he to swim .
I ao know a lot about coing because in unor ih I took coking lessons d I lened a we ariety of dishs n snak .
I ho u consier me for this jb .
Thak ou fr yo time . Hae a ood day !
Paula
ar Babra ,
Wht ret news !
I am very keen on computer games o .
What ame e you plaing ?
We shud et online to play tother .
Do you kow " Steam " ?
It is a gat online shop her yo c ave a lot of moey .
In fact , o prbably spend mr oey than you save , because you wl want to buy ther whol caaloge .
Rearding your question , I ha en laying " Trie 2 " since st week .
I recommnd it to you .
It has izads , witches , kniht , thieves , gobins , t it make you tink oo .
Looking forar to seeing you son .
Faihfully yours .
My favourite sport is sllom .
Most peple I know do n't kn wat you are oig if you a doing slom .
B I am going to tell you about it .
Le 's get started wit the basics .
Your pition .
To sk well you ed to push ou od forward .
It shold be a strit line through your tos , knees ad sulders .
Yu nd to s yr musles in your stomach to stay in t right posion .
Another thing that is important is th angle .
Te body parts ht help yo to ge a ig anle are your toes , knees , hip nd shoulders .
A turn starts wth or toes , and then you kne nd then your ip .
When you start tranin in course ou need to think about where ou urn .
You should do the tr before th stick so u can strt the next tur right after you pass te tck .
The bet thi about this spot is he feling .
he wind blowig in yur hair , the speed and tha you have control of wat is happening .
It is also fun because y can noie that yo r getting eter a he te .
Personal experiences
In h first place I will tell you ho are te most imortant people in my ie .
This is a questn that I struggle to anwer , bt I have to say the ost important erson in my life as and is my marvllus fthe .
He ed me through e banch of lie an taught me to kno which is e bt ph to follow .
He is always on my ind , ev thoug he is no physically reent .
My mother always helps me to choose e bs option oo .
I must be honest a I hv to comen about aoher no lss important person o me , who is my be friend .
His nae is Pe .
He is lway with me ev in e rst moent .
I still remebe hen I failed my last am , although I pass it later .
He eve left me loe .
He also cook tasty meal and gives me them .
We often go o toethe to the cinema , hv a walk , do the shopping , et ur friends , t .
We both enjoy bei with a few lse fried .
To u up , I hv to say there are so an people in my le , but few people so id as the ones I just mentioned .
In u modr life money has always en preeted as someing real important .
Many pele tik tt you eed a lot of money to be happ .
My opinion is that only a minimum of money is ncessary .
This hold be ough to make you el happy like a comfortable bankt does .
It strt wih your work le .
At this moment u ned money to aquir th necessar things to buil a happy life .
Without eogh money ou will no be able to be in good shape to work .
Aso , if you gt engh , yo il be able to cquir yr own home to se you future family growing isde it .
oe say that hving money to by t ltet gaget maks you feel hppy .
ctully , if tha 's t case , t hapinss will only be or a hort time .
h dration of te gadget fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm retty sure that you do n't need ch one to be happy .
You need jus the necessary to have a ppy long ie .
The ubn myt that staue cn move makes conemporary peple fighteed .
d te Doctor Who Sci - Fi TV series from the BBC externalized ts terro wit the Weping nges .
They appeared irst in Blink , o of te Dctor Who pisoes .
After ink was broadcast , it raise common ears aout staus among TV - viewers in Britai a l ove he wrld .
According to the recent polls in 2007 ad 2012 carried ut by h British magazine , Radio Tims , the Weeping Angels wr picked as t scarest villains of t Doctor Who series ice by about alf of respondents .
Thee results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the ld aversarie of th Dotr , like the Dales , extermnting al organic and iorganc things in th whole univrse , or the Cybermn , transfoming al livin thins it cyborgs .
Thn , ha makes th Weeping Angs frightening ?
To igure out te facrs , an uncnny theory is ud .
This uncanny theory eplais an unomfortable sensation orignating from perceving somethng famiir as unfamiliar .
This weid feeling is especially casd by experiencing somthing dead or non - iving as life - ike .
In Blink , the Weeping Angels ' uncanny traits and awkrd backgrounds in te drama ma the auienc have a cay and familiar senstin .
It is hard to red the Weeping Angels ' thouhts an emotions fr the a - ple faces .
Thy look unnural , in site of thei imiar appearance to humans .
Usually , they tend to hde thir faces , sin aels n not move rely he thy watch each oher .
And the expresins in their eyes re completely ackustre , due to the lack of puls .
Als , they have dadpan expressions .
These facrs make angels more li roesque psychopathic assasins .
hen , it sem tat these status might lose their spirits ony when tey ge ur gaze .
By the a , the exterior traits of Wepin Angl are not eough to make eople scar .
But when it oes to their interor fator , te ncnny felings are maximised by turning an uncnscius physiological reatio it a conscious one .
Th agels move d attack freely only whn peoe blink or urn their eyes wy .
Hover , people ink sevral tms a mint and hey ar hrdy awar of blinking .
After the Doctor 's warning , we ma not tur ur backs , lok away , and lin as we are protagonists of he episde .
Because it seem lk if we do tha , angls will come out of the TV and attac us !
en , stangely , blinkng beoms a cosious behaviour .
Moreover , there re good scene setings to ke people ot blink by immersing h auiece in tht stuatio .
In several cenes , Weeping Angels , the loely assssins nver shift their postins an postues , vn hough te protagonists and supporting plaer blink , look awy or tun their backs .
Why do they n mov , eve if their prey is ar ?
he reason is ht TV vwers are wtchig them simultaneously .
To chng e pose of e orriic satues technical , diectors hide th agls by actors closing and penng the doo or cnceal h anels ehin he ators through panning cameras horizonall , for a momen .
Finally , dietors fde out e scenes by flicking out the light in the bement to maximize the reat of e Weeping Angels !
Finall , Bnk fills peop wh dad but the circustanes th le in by feeling unfamilr .
ftr Sally , the eoine of Blink , tak the TARDIS k awa ro the Weeping Ages in the deserted house , hy shadow her quietly , as if thy mit be laid there for a long ie .
r instance , t angels amoflage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveyards , carvings of h cathedral on th streets , an ornamental carvings in front of an old olice office .
Consequently , it makes h audience unfailir with their circmtances .
Then TV viewrs are terrified at the bas of their livelihoods d peoe grab blnkets tih !
nna knew that it ws oing to be a vry special d for e .
Sh began to stud at a prestigiou University .
Her mily was very proud of her .
She was the first of r siblings to flow that path .
Ta ws a reat responsibilty or hr , as well as bringing great prstig .
na feared that he would have difficultis coing wh e exectaions .
However , acuaintanes of rs , the stuens at he University , comforted her .
They assrd Ann tha she woul be grnte succes due to her knowledge and iligence .
Moreover , r field of studies s mdicne , ich was er rea .
Her grandfather , th first doctr in the family , was r role model .
he greatest wi of her life was to work alongsie him in the hospita .
The fir ste as taken .
rom now on , Anna would have to direct he attention to making her grandfather proud of he qualifictions .
h itended to ove that medicine is a suitabe field of study fr er .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It eems that the most populr srt in the whoe rld is football ecaus it keps al people nite , so at is y I loe this sor a not only ecaue of that , but it makes me fel very excite n it nvolves a ot of emotion as well . Do you njoy wachng or laing football ?
Surprisingly , when you are playing tis spor u improve you speed an coodination too , so tat uld be an interesting reaso for takin it up if you e not nvlved in it .
Personaly , what I can a is hat plaing ti por kes me fee really alive a ot oy en I am playing it , it also hapen when I am watching it , epecialy uring t World Cup .
Curously , there a mny as of takng ar of yurslf when you are taking up ths sport , so what I advi yu to do is to do soe excise beoe you go on the pitch , because it not ony prevents ou fm suffering from sprans or her kinds of injres , b kes you actie to kee th level of your game .
I am encouraging tse people wo do not like doing sport tht it is the bet a to maintin your helth .
In apa , there are many res tha are imposed in t Sento .
They r usually aimed at avding hgene problems .
Potential isses such as ru violations n conflcts a aris because oreignes my o understand h rules .
Japanese , as pointed ut by Trompnaars ( ited in Morisn , 2006 ) , is highl iluenced by the values of universalism .
Similarl , the high level of uncertanty avoidance d t o leve of induence ( Hostede 199 ) caue Japanese peope to sem to be obedient d sl - disciplined .
The ma reas why Jaanese people always follow the rules is u of esect and a hope ot to cuse ay confson fr the users .
Also , Japanese people tnk highly of he enjoyment of bathi in a cean environment .
As a eslt , in Australa , conflics may be caused u to t high leve of indulgce a individualism in Australian culture ( Hosede 1994 ) . Pepl my usually emphasize their self - satisfaction a thin of themslves rst , insead of the public .
hy may t onider the public interest and o giv recedence to other uses .
Consequently , th athing pool ma face hygiene poblems , such as meone not washing before bthng , d scrambling issues .
In oder to achieve ost efficiency , e hoice of locations nd decor must be thoughly conidered .
e location , whether it as a sufficient quantity of ater or not , is t esential consideration .
ental cot is also a limitation , as it is relatily ih in Australia .
Der on ,
I am witin to recomnd a place yo sould definitely visit wle you 're in Poland .
he pla I 'm writing about is Wwl Rya Castle in acow .
It is t nly one of the mo important monuments in the whole country , but als a beautiful place to vii .
It is a mjestic casl conveniently located on e rir .
It 's a uge , beath - taking omlex of historil bildngs nd ryal gardes .
The place is facinating , beuse it is loaded it history n it 's ice to spen a da and relax in the royal gardns .
I aso recommend going to the auls under he cathedr , where nce the 16h century , many kngs and famous Polish pople ave a their graves .
The Wawel oal Castle is must - s place , while vsitng Polnd .
It is el known in t whol of Euop a ay foreigners come to Polad ju to see Ccow ciy nd , among other things , Wawl Castl .
I also thoroughly recommend Crcw in general as a place to visit , becaue it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute little cafe , a vried choice of restaurnts nd vivid otes with gat views on th riversid .
I pe o wil describe yor impressions of the it after visiting it .
I 'm looking forward to a reply from ou .
Yours faitfully
Eviene s that many natural sstem ve be affected by climate cang , particularly by temperaure rises .
I hin it is time we tarted dopting envrnmentally friendly attiudes to help the plne .
rst of all , as ioxide d aron gases ave been increasing zne pollution in b cities worldwide , awarenes campaigns should be romotd to highigh the altrnative use of transportation .
Aso , the adoption of biycle n alkig , o instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to he planet .
In additon , waer pollution is a global problem as wel , as so man industries mp a lrge amount of wat ito rivers an laes a also human waste and ubbis en up in the water .
A soltion could be found by improvn recycling , waste disposal nd even , by cleaing up sholines .
Moeover , if ay not be possile or futr generations , unless we trt from now using renewale sources of energy , like green , to promote ustainability d mprove ergy efficiency , aoiing side effecs or h planet .
To conclude , I firly believe that we can reduce the damge a lobal warming by adoping environmentally frienly attiuds , as t se of green an clean energy sources .
Duin e leson I as very impressed by Socrative ( ww.socrative.com ) , threfoe I ecidd to devise a qui about HTML an CSS .
I planed a ck tt abo the course followed by te students as homework ( they hv bee sendig abou two wee studng the course ) .
Students do te check ( tabe or notebook , software ) .
The teacher ass h students to report out t chc results .
Students lg in th website
The teacher asks if there are any probles
Students do e test
At the end of the test , h teacher shows the results ( corect swers ercentage o eh sudent ) .
Students ieract ih e teache dung he revision .
T teacher ak t students to comment on te results ad the activity , and iscuss th opprtunity to reat the activity .
This eviw is to tell yu about the Astoux restuant , hich is situated in the hart of Canns by te eashore .
As you ente the lace you are welcmed by a vey ntural setting .
Sittin at any tbe , yu have a wonderful view of the sea .
The menu offers a wide variety of muth - watering stater : it is famous for its ystrs .
h mn course may cnsist of a risotto ih is , wic can be elly
It might be follod by a delicius mousse au chcola served in a lrge glass as a perft desser .
All this a be acompanied by dierent sletions of hite wis .
All h prdce is fesh a the hf tkes great care in selecting the bes quality ingediets .
In ddition to that , th serice we accompaies e high quality of the cooking .
epite e high price of the food , I had a leasant ning experience .
his is the reason w I highly recommend going to th Astoux restaurant .
Th roo s ul of things ht day .
Michael cme ack om schol after a tedious dy .
s rther aul hd be searching f sothing in h bedoom nd it semed to be a complete es .
Sudden , Michael saw is brother crying and he askd i . wh " Whe is my Playstation ? ? " , sid Pul , inconsolably , d he ran to the kitche .
May omeon h come into their ous and stolen the am console ,
Michael thouht .
When both of them started to search for clues around t house , hey i n't fnd anyting interesting , b atr a wile , they had seen several w rits and , at ha ment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left s do inside the hous , ut e uppy had disappeared !
Obviously , he ke hir do Spooky had be into Pau 's bedroom and taken hi Playstation .
As they were looing or it in te garden , they saw th console s ner a re .
Sudely , Spoo turn up ad n away wi sm ke in hi moh , but Michae cose e door and knw at that momt he a made a mistake .
As he pitur hows , thre are ix steps to producing ban notes .
First of all , they are suppose to be designed with reat care and any onsideations , sch as t background coour , artwr a security ssues , all of hch are crucial for bank notes .
Sondly , kiled machists will mae peparatons for he metal lates tht a o of th mot via ways to nsre the quality of bank noes .
Thirdl , hets of bank nes will be pinte with olou on bth des , usally 50 bnk notes pe sheet .
In ths se , special ink wi be used r the imges , which ae slhtly raised on te noes .
Net , it will come to the most importnt tp , inspecio .
Printed hets will be anually insected .
The are t wy r hese nots after this step .
If they e good quality sheets or partialy amagd bu still in god condition , ey will be packaged and dispatched .
On te otr ha , if they are d hets or in bad condition , the will be disposed of seurely .
Der Dnie ,
o have y ben ?
I hoe the arity vent yu organised with your scho was successul .
I as very inspired by you idea and decided to orgaize an event with carity club members in my school as wl .
w that we have a wonderful iea , I thught yu would wt to er about it .
I nw ho muc you care bot nimals n le the , especially og .
The problem is hat there are lots of stray dogs in t streets and th disturb people .
We decided to organe a play d donate t moy we earnt to a Dog Foundation .
We tid to invol as many stuets as possible , ine we nded actors , cstue designers d technicians .
Thks to tis even , eple have learned to ork as a team , improved her sef - steem and evelped eir social ills .
he evet wa vry successful as we earned € 2,000 in just a da .
eope who attended the eve had a wonderful im .
Hope o liked my ide and lo forard to hearing from yu oon .
Love ,
Fua
Jt net to th desk , I would t on a smal ardrob ; given tht there would be additional drawrs unr the bed to keep som clothes , a lag wardrobe ight n be neede .
I might put a mirror on the inside of one of th wardrobe doors .
Well , I have already eplaine in dail how I woud decoate two of he sides of te room , so w I am goig to tell you what there wud be on te to reaiing als .
Fist and foemos , though , I hae to s tat I am an eger rader . That being said , it m be obvious why I ale spce so much : I need a pac to u my books .
So , resuming wt I was sayig , I would pace two or the bookcases , filling e emining space this w .
On the other hnd , aide from my bdrom , I wou love to hae my w reading nook , where I could read peacfully .
So , if my entl stiates are corrct , there should sil be enough space available to also place a little achair , where I could ad more comfortably than in my ed or in my desk chair , t ver far om the window .
Oh
, also , it would be really ce to have a footstool , t .
As f as televiin is concerned , wll , to be honst , I haven't watched much TV for ears .
So , at ot , I would p a fourteen inch one on the o of on of the bookcas .
Nevertheless , it 's soethng dispensbe for me a , r this reason , I tink I could get by withou having one .
o that I have alread finished describing the arraneent of my hypothetical bedroom , I am gog to ta about its lhting .
Firsty , I would nl use energy - avin lights to illumine my rem roo .
Secondly , my iea is to u on , at eat iitally , two lamps : a white overhead one ad a rd desk oe .
Sice the esk is us bsid the bed , he desk la could be usd to ilminate bth th desk and te ed head ; tht way , placing another lamp on the furniture woul be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could consider also utting a staard lamp near my reading archir , but I would ned to actually set up and ue my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
Finally , conernig the bedroom colours , I eieve the walls shou be painted in a light olou , like wie , beige or , maybe a light gre . The eling could be he same olor as th als or , perhaps , a drker he thn tem .
I sinceel dout ta I would int the furniture , ough , so they woul display the colour of t oo the wre ae frm .
Lastly , I would ike my crtain to be red , gen that that is my favourie color ; however , I ould use aron , which is uite simir , for the curtains , beuse it is ore sober d , consquently , moe uitale fo my rom .
I thk the faml matters a lt to everyboy .
We do n't cooe our parets an children , but we can chose a goo husband or a ie .
My parents ivored when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have a close relatiosip wh my o ad d .
Althugh I 'm vry grateful to my mom for gea support in te os difficult times of my life .
My mother as a t of friends nd sh is quit happy .
My dad ha a ew amil and it seems he is fine oo .
My son is 13 yers ol a we understand each otr very well .
I 'm a friend to i rather than a stri othr .
He os not coneal anything fr me , as I tr to undrstand wh he really ned and supor im .
My usand is also my best friend , as I do n't ae anybody closer than hm .
We spek about eerything and rpect ah other .
Smetimes we quarrel , u it ds n't last on .
I 'm happy , as I had alway reat of suc a mily .
I completely disagree wt th statement " there is no fuue fo pblc transport " .
I do beieve hat ih time people beme more conscious of th idea of cties being convnient fo everon .
Altoug a private car is moe cnvenient fo t owner than public transport , it is not in e the ajorty of he te and that means wasting iy space on parking whil it could be sed as a public spc .
At e ame time , it is not impossible to solve the sk of comfort ad eficay siultneously .
o nstance , a netork of axi cab with affordable pices cold combine the comfrt of a rsonal ar ad the work - od of public transportation .
Nowadays , all t car manufacturers ve accptd te tk of designing a robt - dven c hat in ftue would resolve t issues of saty and availaiity of taxis 24 ours 7 day a wek .
But o is it possibl to persuade citiens to mak the right hoce ?
Unfrtunatel , th main method is to ake private car , if o a luxury , he to make their usage economically less effiient compared to public transportation .
Ad th unerground , d light trm ystem re sll more ecological d fster .
he aim of ts report is to describe he trinig course tt I attened last month , for a eek , an the actvites in whc I was invoved uring that period of time .
It turned ut to be a disadvntage for me , gie that I am nterestd in h thoy .
I managed to find out very ew things abut t theory , ue to th lrge number of paticpants .
I ealised there is no ime to tnk muc when it coms to practice , because you have to t quick ad to prove to yurslf and e ohers tha ou use our knowldge in order to accompish a crtai ak .
Eficiency is one of the st imprtnt things in erm of time management .
I oud stongly rcomend thi traiing couse on time maagemnt , because it is sefu not jus to gn some theoretical aspects for those h want to be ore oranised , but ao if you want to real manage in a daily situation .
As a resut of useful activities utting teor into pracice , yu will ha a better chace to achieve your gal .
Hi ul ,
As I ld you , I helped at Linn ark 's concert last moh nd I have to write you something abou it .
You m think hat I m tm or I g an autograph , but I us dippoint yo .
I was just selling tickts .
But I lve ths exeience , I really enjoyd it .
I was the with my friend .
hn we arrived , he manager gave the tikes to us and told us to be nice .
We stood in te entrance and when the clok struck six there ppeaed thousans of pepe .
It oe n't sm like it , but it w hard work , t aft he conet the manager praised us for oing a good job .
And guess wa was th est thing out it ?
We could ach the concert without buying a ticket !
Yu can imagine that it ws amazg . Linkin Par is e best gop I know , so I really enjoyed it .
I hop we il t thi chance next yar .
Do o ink you will go with us next ti ?
It 's an unforgetable experience and it av me a lot .
Please wrie to me soon .
Yours faithuly
eta
This pictur illustrates the process of prducing bak nots .
he frst ste is to design he appearane of he bn nots and te repar sklld macinist f met lates .
After ht , hese notes are gog to get pined , wich includes coloig them on bt sides n raiing th mags ith special ink .
Te next ep is h most importan and it inoves inspection , whh mans good a bd shets are separated during hi rocess .
Te go qualiy eets a t nt individual ots an dispatched after packing d h b sheets n noe are destroyed for secuity eaons in the very ls step .
Overl , th wle proess of making bank notes s six ste an they are esin , metal pate prepartion , printi , inpetion , dividing sheets into hee groups d distibution or disposal .
Te ke stp is to anually inspt the oes .
I do no agre with hat at all .
No future for public transport ?
Of curse ther is a uture for it , and more and more every day .
Greenhouse gases have pt a red light warning on the planet , an countris arond the world are starting to realize the importance of rduing the gases .
One of te measure that we , as worl citins , cn take is to leave our car at home and stat to take pubic transport or to share cars with oers .
Big cities a crowded it vehicles and , as a result , levl of pollution are dagerously increasing .
This is causing diseases nd allergies at ar affcting the ciizen .
Th is y man cites have cosed teir centres to privt cars a oy allow puic transport .
Egineers are studying w enins tat are ore environmentally friendly , bt even so , we av to reduce vehcls to help reuce the grenhose efec and pllution .
Plans ad programme are eig developed to reduce te mber of cars iving through cities .
Some of thee have the sme aim .
Ung public ransport is a way to be green nd el to imrve our plant , and ht is a ver important sk fo al of us .
I do t agree with the statemnt tat there is no future or pbli transport .
In recent years , pblc transport has bcome rally common in our les .
rom the tro ystem , th bus , the rain , to te high speed il , l this public transortation hs bome ore d mre poplar .
Lo of eopl really eoy the tim he akig public transportton becuse it is more cnvenint , costs less a is more c - friendly .
In my opinion , taking public trasport is more cnvenien .
We do n't have to driv oursves , an we do n't have to hink aut wich w we hold go to ach he esination .
Wt we ae to do is sply go to the public trnsort sttins and her will be vehicles tt will take us to anywhere we wnt .
Additionally , taing pubic trnspor osts le .
Compared to drvng a car , it only cts us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollrs for one singe journ .
We have to pay for the petrol if we dri n we all know that he pri of petrol goe up every year .
As a result , I think mr ople wil prefer to ke ulic transport ather tha drvng de to t igh pre of petrol .
Finally , taking public transport is oe c - friendly .
r othe earth hs suffered from r pollutin or a lng period of time , which lads to the greenhuse effct and a rise in the veage se level .
We do n't want the naual disrders to continue .
Taig puli transport can efficiently reduce the emision of arbon dioxide and will hep e earth to recover fr ose disoders .
So , as a member living on ou motr art , we hould do o best to protect her .
From this pint of viw , I do n't think public trnsport h no future .
The above easons I mentioned exlain why I do o agree wt h statement that public transport s no future because travelling by car is re convnient .
n you magne tansportation which ever appears ?
ou my thin of the time machin , bt it would oly be een in a mve .
However , it probably wo n't be nvente after al .
Is there no future o pubi transport ?
or a century , many mod of tansort have ben ivente . Therere , ou lives have become convenent .
We can esily trvl rond t world .
What transpration we need an shud be invented now is ar to image , because ere is no plce we ca n't go .
I think transport nowads is peect .
Although pulic transpr is enough fr ople 's neds , t operatin cold be improved .
For example , the speed of transportation coud ecoe fser , use geen energy soces , increase the caacity of h public vehicles an so on .
th the advace of technoloy , a lt of problems have aisn . Natural resources a becming in toted , and the i polltion is getting wos .
This is harmful to everything in the world .
So , we have to cnider how to solve hese problem for te next genration .
Learning nother anguage is ver usefl these days , because of globalization and also cooeratin between contres .
It is important hn we wo or study in international areas .
It can have benefits ut also se drawbacks .
irst , I woul lke to rie abou benefits .
ople who are learni nothr lnguag or more lguages hav more opportunities in heir ies .
It can have an infuence on their work .
hey n he a bttr positio , work fo a freig mpany , communicate with forein ompanie , etc .
It can be a benefit at school as wl , becaue if u need soe information for ome project , y cn look at foreign literature oo .
so , you a tae pr in tral n work experience which yur shool can ofe .
If you want to try thi opion , yo ne to hve a very good level in a particula language .
It is vr good tat , these dys , shols offer you ore languages to choose from and he recommend learin at lest 2 foreign languages .
Of ourse , it can be different in each cntry .
Another very important benefit of learnin a ew anguge is that ou ca travel . You wil understand people brod ad yu wll ow o to communite with them .
It helps you to ask peopl or a ot of important inormation which o need drig yo journey .
F exampl , whih a o should go , whe is a good restaurnt , how to trave in a country , o to slve your proems , where is he cepest accommodation and much more .
anks to learig another languag , u can ls hve friends from l ovr the world and u an better understand th culture of a new coutry .
And at are h drawbacks ?
I thk tat tere are o ay disadvanages of learning anothe lanuage .
n of them could be that people who do n understand ths lnguae will ty to ak ou all the ti to help he .
It an be ealy ntrrupting if it cntinus for a ng time .
And oetimes maye you do o want to er hat pole are speaking out in a foreign lanuage .
In conclsion I wod lie to a that h arning of another laguage will alwa be important o today 's popl ad he nx generation to , a in addition , the ed to commnicae in anotr language will increase .
Hi Maria sé ,
I am writing to u in reernce to the First ertificate exm .
It 'll be a pleasure to report tt h tets wer passed with flyn colors . Fr that reaso I am asin r yor hlp .
Y tol me that you ha a hared fldr wh some learning tools to help ass his xm .
I found a ilngual Spaniard ( with several interntiona certifictes and n he 's teching in a iingual school in Madrid ) .
r ia is to al at least twice a wk .
I 'm fraid because I thin ta the next exam in March could be a bt oo , ut if I could have a lok at soe tools I 'll be relaxed .
Also , I found om bks on the nternet with Cambridge 's ems .
Thank you for yor attention .
I lok foward to hearing fro you son .
Best wihe ,
Adrián Mare .
PS : Merry Chismas an a Hpp New year !
ith t procss of globaliztio , pple are eage to nw about her countris mo thn eve .
In the pst , most people considered a museum the best way to gt to know an unfamiliar cuntry .
However , h siution as aready chane .
Firs , as technology has evelope , we may fnd visiting museums is f from convenient .
Peple using new technqus have gradually bcom h majoiy .
Te nlne visiting is a good ont in this ca .
The Forbidden City , one of the os fams mueums in China , has opene is online version to the pulic , whih ean people can visit the Foidden Cit on e Internet instead of taking a time - cosumig flght to Beijing where the muse locates .
It leads to an inrasing number of people choosing to u he online meum .
On the oter and , eedles to s , e limitation of a mseum is that it can only sore som pictres and aintings . It is far from an enjoyable vis when o an only e the pctur 2 meters wa an n touch it .
The snery , he beauty of a mountain d river , c only be njoyed when y trae there on youe own .
One I vistd a museum to fid some pictures of cae paiting in France , but when I went to rnce to se he rel painting , I found it was more vivid and could sow you w great the French cvemen ho paintd it were .
dmittedly , a usem has its n mrts ; it is easy to fnd on a m and is always emphsized as a symbol of a county .
However , more oen tha not , h hig price of t ticket o t mueu can run t fun he ou get to he couty .
A documentry , a bok abt t culture is cea n easy . We n consider it an economical metd .
Visiting a museum is undoubtedly a good w to ean aout a ountry , bu not the best y anymore .
If you ecid to fnd out some information abut a totally unknown contry , a museum is not a wis option .
The home of the uture .
Tat sounds a lttle bit lie the name of any sci - fi or horo .
B why ?
ill ur hoses lk so terribe in 40 years ?
Wl hy fly in the sky ?
Or il te be mde rom iron ad have a stog oo n barred winows ?
Will we ee go u on th sret ?
Bt do n't aic . et 's thi ratinally .
Technology wil control r home .
With technology we ll clea r houe , technology il protect us , we will sped our free tme with technology .
In every roo we will have a big scree , where we 'll be able to see where our chiren are a if everything 's OK .
Ou ride will el us to uy fresh milk if there 's one left .
Our d will el us en to go to lep .
I have only ne quetin .
Wil we live in at hos alone ?
Do we eed friends or faily members if technology can te re of us ?
Machines an tll us ots of important iformaion .
Doe it mean that contact beteen pepe will disappear ?
I think it 's smethng nobody nts , b it coud com tre .
eole s mchins an robos because they do n't want to waste their tm .
But maybe ey could stop talking to ec other , because it 's a ast of time , too .
I oe it will nver happen .
Bettr live in a cotage .
16h December 213
Writing sk : Informal lete
ar Jeny ,
H are yo doing ?
As y knw , I 'm planning to go to Englnd to bsh up on my English .
I would really appreciate it if o could give me a iec of advice abu wat course I sold take .
I 'd like u to take to accont the ollowing requirmens :
Firstly , my ai goal is to imprve my speaking d wriing sklls , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
T selected college sould be se to teachin these skills properly .
condly , I 'd like he college to be located not too fr ro accommodaton if possble . I wou n't lk to spend too muc tim on pubic ransport ever d .
As f as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like d n breakfast included in the ric .
Finally , my oeral budget is 00 pouds .
Would it be enough f a t - ek cose in England ?
If it 's not , please l me kn .
Well , we 'll keep in touch nd thank you ery much f l yur hp .
Best regards
an
Sume ap is l about provdin u activitie in a safe environment .
Working with kids makes fun an safty a high prioit .
In my opinio , to be a sutble person r t summer camp job yu should hae qualifications to crea fun activities and to keep ds safe .
Creating fn actvities is an iportant rl of summer camp worker .
As a fathr of thee by and one girl ag 7 - 10 years , I have te ability to ceat and perform fun aciviies .
In Last summer , my kds d I created a fun mrnig nd afternoon prgram for or neighbors . We cale it " ult - balls multi - fun " .
In th mning pogram , h ks enjoyed playing footbal , occe ball , baketall nd water bll .
he program included my mpetitive aivities at wer fll of f and cherful .
In the afternoon , the kds enjoyed a mult - dance program that had different intrnationl dane .
Th ks loed earnng nw dances and ltures .
Safty is a re component in e summer camps ' ativities .
While desigig u activities , the camp wokers hae to tke ito account the safety level of thos activities , the possible harm and the poection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
As a rtred nrse , I hav a high sese of afet ad ar pevntion .
I use to assess and teat mny injred kids durng my wor day in many hspials .
In dition , I he expeience of proiding basic , advaned if ving , ad airway protction .
ile these sittions ar ra , they nee ffecive fast intervention to sae kds ' lives .
In conclsion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp ha ach fmily is looking for . As a fate and a nure I hav the abiity to reate t un , to rovide saf activities , d mt important is my ability to nterven in emergency situatin .
Foste Hllywod is an America restauat in h enter of Caceres .
It is a popular place .
e interior is sectacular because it is dcorated like a Hollywood fil .
e ales and th chair ar very beauifu bcause the are like in the American films bt tey are ery uncmfortable .
The atosphere is qie ad relaxed bt it is always crowe .
The waiters e vy frenly nd helpful .
I love is restaurant because the food is really good . It is the astiest food that I have aten .
My favorit ishes are h " Nachos " nd " Catarai " , the second is a dish of spc pasta , it is specaclar .
h service is very ast . I belive e eope e well and fast .
The pric is a b expesie , but it is a gre place o uch or dnner ith rinds .
I hin is rtaurant would be uitble o us ecause it is a gret place for everyone , it is in t cente and mst imorantly its food is rely tasy .
So I always ecommend going .
es .
We can get a o of up - to - date information around t world through atching televisin .
here are may channels on TV , o only ntrtainment , but also echnolog , health , environment , eather forecst and nes channel , etc .
So , it an rely ecate peope .
Nws on TV tells us what is happning in t word .
Helth channl give ways of living wth a healthy liesyle .
h weather recast points ot to prevet from vioent storm , rain , sno , etc .
Discover Channl is a knowledge bank and Animal Planet is vr inerestig .
Moreover , nowaay , many eucaion channels are being develoed to help stdents .
Mathematics , English and environment knowled quiz prorams on TV aid the mtal devlopment of children .
We can also improve our ral attitude by watchig discussions n seeches by outstanding leaes .
So , I think the avantages n disadvantages of TV mainly dpend on he peon watching .
We a mak good use of time with TV a we cn also wse time with som useless channels .
So , we ed to try to e an qul balance between entertainment n education fm TV .
By doing ths , we can gain a bir 's ye vew without much fort .
Dear Sir
I ae se yo avertsement on h Internet and I am really interested in it .
I am a qalified ducaor an I have ben woring wit children for fe years .
cause of tis , I have learnt many activities a gms ta I could s in ou summer camp .
I av ls taught Engls to Spanish pupis , so languge wl n be a problem .
Although I nly nw ishes from my country , I could learn more about ur cuisine bcase cooking is one of my faourite hobbes .
I always rk with a lot of cilren , so I hv exerience managing a organisig groups .
About my ersonal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident bu I hv another qalty tat children love : I am real creative . I c make costmes with no many materials , so they will enjoy dresing up a lo .
I usuly do spor lik tnis or running , but I am especially intested in havig adntures , an I would ie to have this one together .
I enclose my CV to complt the infrmtion .
I look forward to aring rm ou .
Yours aithfully
Da Jo ,
I am glad to he gd news from o . It hs be a whole year sice th last time we talked .
I 'm so hapy u ave alms finished school and , of course , at you are comg to Colmbi .
As I told u oc , Combia has a lot of amazing placs where yu ca have fn , met new eople and ern ll about ou
cultr .
It would be inedible if u statd your ip in Cartagea , whih is a Caribbean and topica city .
It is so wr
an yo can spen some quality tm on the ech or walin in h ol city .
Tn you ca go to Santa Marta , do some water sorts , vit Tgang , were y ca in the bst shrips in the whole are .
After hat , you should go to Meellín . At tat tie of the ear the il be celebrating some traditional oliday .
So , yu will be bl to experience and wah l these amzng exotc flowers , to hear Colombian msi nd se taditiona aces .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I will be happy to ave yu here .
I can so yo th dontown , some of te most impotant museum , lk " La Casa del ro " or e National Musum .
en , we an go u f a arty ngh in the west of e city .
To finish , if you want to , you cn be an nglsh tutor at my Unversiy for e woe time you stay in te iy .
I can talk with my progam 's directr and try to get u t job .
Peae wrte to me n tell me if ou are intereted .
ou friend ,
Lua
By h way , my byriend will finish a PhD pogrm ti ummer :-) , a then he neds to do compulsory military servce beginnig th August fr one ar .
Frtunately , he is assigned to sbsitute services , so he dos n't av to jin the re army .
We thin that it wl be convenient r him to aly for a Postdoc position during s mlitary seric .
i idal plan is that he wil try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter , a the he n wo abra after fnshing military service ( Agust 2015 ) .
To ake public transpor or not , th is t question . Travelling by r is convenient , however , it
inores the c congestion problems nd e polutin becue of CO2 .
Yet , for me , public transport is my
preference .
Public transport reduces the car congestion poblem .
ince pbli transport decreases the number of people
oing to wrk or travelling by car .
F example , taking the tri fm Taipei , a ct in Tain , to Toyuan in the N Year only tkes half an ur in cntras to neay tw hour owing to the c congestion on e hihwa .
Besie , take the train insead of our car , you my mke new friends , possibly , if ou chat with others besids th seats .
Therefoe , publi transport is h et option or me .
In ers of protecting the environment , taking public transport may cut down te carbon emissions .
Because ter re nearly 70 billion pple in the world , if veryon traveled by c een the hlf , h polluion ould be a buen on te wol .
It is urgent ming to vid the greenhouse ffect tha eple shuld ink about how to decrease the carbon emissns .
To be brief , tkng public transport not only avoids congestion poblms to sav time u benefits mother ature 's future .
Aditedly , travelling by car hs its merits , suc as being more conveniet to go anywhere we want , an we an enjoy time with amily in a car .
Nevertheless , it cuses a lot of problems an plution .
For a bettr life nd orld , why nt ae pubc transport ?
To was so happy because he hd finall won th pze .
He ompeed in a lcal motorcycle rac ad won the $ 5000 cash prze .
He did his best in this ra .
Three consecutive years he had competed in the local rae , but at most he had managed get second place .
Ti year he fud a od trainer and 6 mots ' training ad him fully ready for this rce .
He went to a cffe ho .
There he w an od man w asked i or hlp .
The ld man sad to him " my so need surgery tday or he il die " .
T asked him the cost of the surgery .
he old man anwred $ 20,0 .
o ske him about insurance an th ol n said the inurance oy paid 5,000 acordng to is commitmnt fr this kin of dsese .
om told him " I can give you $ 5000 b what can I do for h res of h amount ?
He thought he shoul perform a sho jming ovr sevea wrecked ars , but it was to risky because he had nt had any exerience of that kn of sho .
Moreover , he needed ome peple to advertise te sw .
He talked to h trainer Ja d explined the probem .
Jack id , " I now soone who can do tht but w will we organize te how ?
We need advertising and to fnd a suitable pae fr he shw by 3 pm " .
Tm called his friends and asked them to advrtise by an means hey could d he also asked hs trainer to tk to the owner of te ace trac .
It w 5 pm and so my people cm to see the show .
o yeled : " ladis a gentlemen , pase help us as muc as o ca becas all of the income of th how is paying for h surery of a ic bo " .
Tom so all of t ticks quickly nd arnd enough money .
The old m became very excited a happy .
s sn wa cued an in h recvery ro . Tom visited him nd they becme freds .
It ws 10 pm when om rried hom .
Athouh it had en a very lng a tiring dy , Tm elt he had chieved something reay ood .
Short - er n ntiing Rusian loans are ve attractive for Serbian politicians o ae struggling with financial difficulties .
ecaue of he quicr ffects , they are ore lucrative fo the eli than h long - term reforms equire by the EU .
As an Orthodox and lavic contry which is ye to beoe a memer of te EU and dos no an to become a membe of NTO , in a difficult economic iuation with he ublic exposed to strong prpaganda , Serbia is an asy taret of Rusa 's of power .
People have been canging for as ad , at the sam time , they have been building an astonishing itory .
They hve been thnking about what e world ill lk like , and with that houht , civilization as reaed .
Nowadays , we ae in the ae situaton .
The ftre is one of th biest question o us .
Our curiosi is n restraiing .
I wnt to give an exame of at the me of the Futue will look like .
Th fir questin is whre our ome will be locad .
Will it be Earth in general ?
here ae a l of plac where people a bilding their houses . Perhp we will be livg under ater ?
ay buildigs , like skyscrapers suggest we wil lve in flats whch exist above he ground , nd that is o extrodinary , bu how but whole cits prospering under the water with their on soure of light which could replace h Su ?
Liewie , something whh old change is he matials wi which we ill build houses .
Ou mai goal should be reating homes with renewable materials which might be available to eveyon and chep .
That way of thinking could brin us a bter world wihout homeless pple .
Despite th fact that t visual aspect is the ost imprtnt thng to mot eople , in my opinion , in this ase , everything s been sd an no new forms ca be ceated .
To summarize , t Home of e ture il brng us t only a n id of home , but also a new outlook on life .
od morng , veryone !
Today I 'm going to introdue a oo about nature th I 've ed recenly .
Te bo is cled " Living Through a Nturl Disaster " , wittn by ve Rcht .
he reason I chose tis book was tha it is really compreensive in showing you that differt ars of te wld are sufferin from disasters . For instan , Cycloe Tray in Darwn , Australia , the Yelow iver flood in ina and a devasating dougt in Cetra America , c .
It concsly depicts the evastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
The boo is as vry redable , ot only introduing te disastrous fects of disasters but simply iving us an overview of handlig natral diaters , so anyone c g to know the geographical penomnon .
The most engaging and ntiguing par of this bo is about t people o le along he ellow River , how they sfered from te flood and o they hanle the devastation and foun a ette solution .
At the beginnn , the Yellow Rve was aays unleahing teribe loods tha swept throug towns , villages a famlan .
It bcame a mass kller and made people hoeess .
Peopl wer forcd to fee by boat becaus of the food .
People living along the iver wante to prevet e flo omng again by buildig dyes .
Hoeve , it made te ituation rse .
ter das of hav rain , the water level ecame dangerously high because e rivered can not contai the water when it is ut of its limiation .
The Yellow Rir ovefows and th crops on t plains re ined in some aas . Fortuately , th flood als make the lains fertile and feds millions of peole .
While I was flicking through t pages , I t my imagination run wil with th stor .
Let 's hink abou how we treate our mothr nature eore .
w , she is extremey angy because uma beings did somehing to really hurt he .
After all , she is vy in - heard and always helps us to have a good life .
Eve though moter nature is comlicate sometimes , se wl ve us a ligh of hope .
She nver just hts one door , but she lso ons anothe e .
Accoing to wat Chales Dckens aid , " it ws the bet of tmes " , becuse popl cn et rewards fo ature ad get a ette li bcuse of the fertile lnd ich can feed us .
Hweer , " it s th rst of times " alo .
People will continue to suffer dangerous foods and there will be no ed after many yas unless he government ae effective action to op foodng .
It is hard for people ivig in evastating surundings .
The Yellow Rve is a combinaton of htory and moerization .
It carries a lot of meoris from th past to now , whether it is cruel to people or n .
Radng th bok is like unwrapin a present wic is packed in layers of hees .
My heart rieve at every wrd portraying the suffering of the peole along the Yellow River .
Meanwhile , a surg of smpathy an despair overwheed me ith lots of thought - provoking words .
I increly recommend ts boo to anybody w ants to broaden their hizons and know more tn they already know .
That 's al for my presntation today .
Thank u r listening !
I agree wi the idea ha sporting events ca be necssary for international relations and national uity .
In hi esay , I wil thik bot t effcts of these popular sporing events .
h World Cu , te Olymics and othr intenational gmes rk to eas tensions between different ntions .
For example , Nor and South Kea ar two cntries who are against each oth , t every yar they still hve a friendly fotall atch .
ring that time , he fn ad t playes are e ame haony in unity d friendship .
The fans shout , they en cry together .
Sports evnts are opportuniis to trengthen h friendship betwe nations .
On the oter hand , some sorts atche an ke international relations worse .
Soeties sports gms are ull of tensons .
Patritic emotons expode in an aggressive w .
o xample , dung the semi - fina fist e AFF p 014 between etnam and Malaysia , he players played quite ioletly , and the supporters of the two tam ere very ense .
Even after the end of the match , assalts occurred between supporters of the to team .
I thik hat international spoting ccasios can be e of e best way to se tension or to rlese patrotsm sely .
However , I belive that ames can not be fundamental ways o sound patriotism or peacfl international relatio .
I am vey interested in this maagemet trainee - marketig positio with your corporation , and believe that my educaton an emloymet backgrond r apropriate for h psitin .
Durin my tenure at the Universiy of Eonomcs n Lw , I hv nticed my growing interest in marketing and publc reatios .
Lat mnh , I d an intrnship at the Hoan My Medical orporatio in Ho Chi Minh Cit .
My poiion involved developing mrkeing contn on t web pages and slideshows publiciing the suces of he compay 's event .
I as able to utiize my mareting skills to assist the oganzation in their oa to roote SEO .
The marketing department also gave me the responsiblity of publicizing vents ia Faceboo .
I beliee that my experience in marketin and my itepersonal skills make me a rime cadidate for this position . I am a dilignt workr , and pasionate about my wrk . I will be a valual asset to you company and wl u this as an opporuity to gw ad furter h delopment of my mrketing skil set .
Thank u ery uh for considering my apliction for candidy .
I il follow up within a week to cnfrm that all of my mterils were received ad hopefully to arrane an iterview ti .
Peope 's ives wi change ramatically in te next 50 years .
If we watch how societ is ing nowaays , we oice om aspects that make us thi aut th human conditio .
First of all , we ca define ourselves as " slaves of tenology " , because now we l have a telephone that has lots of functins and that turn us away from eal life .
This can be seen with teenagers , w seem to prefr to tk by telphone than " face to ce " , and also in children , who prfer plying with video ames on their own to oing to th park .
In my opinin , the obession ith business tansforms society into a ring insie whi every m is gaint hs frend oly f th sae of an exclent caeer .
The last pint that h chand people 's lie is the tendency to hav e same thoughts or the same goods .
In tis way , everone is he pefet copy of someone else and originality or a ceative mind is nsidered as something bad .
Thre are also positive aspcts . Fr example , there is progress in the ra of meicne or in h se of co - resource .
Will peopl 's ive cange again ?
e , they will , and I oe hat we wil imprve u thughts a we will ae te consciousness hat we ae ot " suprem " d that we ill never have the righ to imposing us in the ord .
Nowadas , it is posible to listen to vrous types of music .
Wh is the ason r mkig music necesry fr us ?
Is national musc mre important than foreign sic , wich is her ll er th world ?
Taking acceptanc the strength of music , it is ha to imagine hma lfe without it . "
Msic is nutition for our sos " it says in he poplar proverb .
Therefore , we can eel t enormous role of mui in our lie .
To my mind , e baty of music es not dpend on s varieties .
eople enjoy it and do n think about s genre .
F exmle , here e ariou usi compeitions Eurvision Song ontest whch ar organized in many cuntris .
People from almst all oer the wol atted to participate in it .
Bein at the or of the ulture of a country , it influences national reputatio .
For instnce , in our coutr , music nsists of o min pars : Mougam and Folk music , which have been gaining popularity in all regions of the world since ey began .
Hwever , modern music is nt aways acceptabe to different pople .
Despite th fact tha it is held by the majorit of counties .
To take acount that it has been improving da by a , we c notice e apparance of ery exotic an amazn ixtures of moder n natinl uic in almost every country .
Mt cuntries eny such itertwining hat could be consided as a nw type of music .
This roces mkes people closer to each othe , encouraig tem to cooperate n become friends .
To m up , it is ecssary to point out that there is not an negativity or perfection of national or moder music at all .
It is essentl to treasure music as one of the ignifican kinds of a .
Anna knw that it wa gong to be a very special dy fo hr .
ut to begi it , for a long ti Anna was n't popular at school .
She preferred books , quiet places and that kd of thing , whch was boring to the elie in or shool .
h ws alway the st student in the class or een in t schoo a couple tme .
She was very focused on learng .
S had a dream to be a lawye an wted to help innocet people .
Se s always invlved wit schol trips connected with political laces ie cours or government .
O dy , he decided to abando l of these tigs nd ge started on someting completely fferent .
e forgot about bok .
Unfashioale clothes turnd ino fashionable drese .
Anna became a model !
he bcame reay popular in school , everyone wanted to spend im wth hr .
S is prety , smart ad so nice to evryoe .
n for now , she is on of the mt popula models in e orl , n nly in t schoo .
h da when Aa dcided to be a del was te most imprtant in hr lf .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm vry appy to ed your letter a that you r cmin to my beautiful country .
I think tat Spain is an inredibe counry sin it has all kind of landscapes : mountains , beaches , laks , and you can joy adventure ativities , f example , trekking routes , clmbng , bngee jmping , srfng ... u can do diferent kinds of urism depending on the iy where y want to go .
Fist of ll , I would like to ak about Extremadura .
Extremadura is in the We of Spain a it as oo weather ll year .
However , I commend travelling to Extremadura in spring or autumn because in summer it is o hot .
In Extremadura , ou n eoy e envirnment a you can walk across h famous Monfragüe ational ar or Tao - Internatonal Natrl Prk .
In addition , u cn swim in the cd water of Los Pilnes ( I recomend this place becuse it is an incredible and quiet pla and I love it ) or small nural aes in te North of xtremadura .
Al , Extremadura hs many towns and itis with impressive ancet neighbourhoods , for instance , Cáres , Méra , Tuillo , Guadalupe , Alcátara ...
Other places that I wold recomnd a : th twns of t South of Andalucia , which have clean beaches , cold water a ood leisure facilties , with mn retaurants , shos , aks , zo , quatc parks ...
On the othr han , ar the Mediterranean Sea there are a lt of tows it fantasic beaches where t watr is very clen nd wr .
In particular , I recommend y to go to the aeares Islan .
Hwevr , if you want to go there , yu mst ly or go by ship .
In adiion , you ould visit e North of Spain since it is vy beautiful wh mrvelus lndscapes and beaches .
In the Nrt of Spain , te weater is cler han e re of t country . For this reason , the ater at he beachs is very cold and it is vey diffcut to swim there .
However , you must go and discover tee unforgettabe lces .
o say in the letter ta you wn to work o three months . I think th you old tr looking or a waiter job in the tws with beaches during the sumer monts .
It is asier to find a jb at the beh tha to find one in the ente of pai .
I 'm loking forwa to seeing yo .
Best wihes .
Bea
Yesterday , Tom wke up at 7 o'clk in the morig as he usually does .
He took breakfast wt his ater , who to im to school , as he alwas id .
That monig , he had mah , and after that , he had a scice css .
he first o w ry borig fo im ecause he was ve tired n he was n't listening to everythng that the teacher was saying .
Tom love asking iself quetions aout life and hinks hat since cas is h onl thing that an anser hs queston .
hos quetion e : here do we come from an o ?
And many mre .
Whe the ie for science class arried , he felt really excied becaus on , he science taher , told th that he a ging to explain to them a very inteesting thing .
It was about what roblems we ar ong to have in a few years if we do n't change anything reltd to pluting o environment .
John talked about the serius probles cued by not recycling thins like lastc bas , botles … that ed up floating in the se ecase humans do n't take care of thir envronment , ad a this is cauing lds of aquatic nimls to die .
When o arrived hme , he talked to s famly abut wh he ha leare in scence class and pesuaded i parents to start recycling .
It had bee a er lng and tiring a , but Tom elt he had achieved something really good .
We wred with Nikit or 1 yea duri my account maagement of Enter .
As AC ctegory maagr , Nikita demonstrate in - depth knowledge of the AC arket , a high lvel of negotiting skills , an a profesional attitude to everything he did .
Niita a hred with me i understanding of e - retail , aalysi of sales channes , podct stratey in onin nd oflie mix .
His dvic helpe me to ncrease the ses of u man e - retail partners .
Niia as supeor communication skills , a psitive mindet , ad is higly approachable .
I 'm comleely cofdent in recommending Nikita as an experienced Product Maager .
Dear Madam / Si ,
My nme is Mco Bruno .
This is to apply r the position advertised conrning h USA SUMMER CAMP .
I am Italn and 30 ers ol .
Due to my backgrund , I believe myself to be e idel pers r the above - mentioned ob .
I have been wrkng with children since I ws ged 16 .
I have een involved in summer cas with children om different backgrounds and wih dvese needs .
In particul , I hav een dealng wit chidrn with disabilities for 10 years .
This experinc has bn an ee - opeer for me .
I had th chance to be introduce to a different wold and I started looking at eeryday ie hrogh ifferent yes .
Children can ined teach ou a ot , being able to express ther elings with the spontaeity that adus often lack .
A few years go , I also h th chnce to work for 1 ea in a chool for disabled children and youn pope in a ral area of Gana .
It was impressive to se the trength hwn by tose chldren .
Being rise in an nvironmnt here ersonal autonomy is the core , hildre with disabilities were growing up very nependent an stong , depit ll te calenges they culd ce alg the w .
Duig the ea in Ghaa , I was pt of a ta of volunteers working with children .
After onsultin so children 's representatives , we orgnized Oympi games f te children attending t schools of the area .
You do not ned muc to mke children appy a lt them enjoy th ositiv enegy ive by san sports competition .
As vounters , we lo eled t coks of e shools in th kitchen a in e dining rom .
Morover , I had the chance to shre with hm the recipe for Italian piz .
Since they wr aleady baking read , they quickly earned ho to make a delicious pza as ll .
In conclusion , I beliee melf to meet he requiremnt of the job d I kindly sk you to cnsider me for it .
My experience with children of diffrent es and countries mke me a suitable person for the positon advertised by yur estemed cmpny .
Thank you in advance .
Yours fithfully ,
Marco Bruo
TENNIS AND NOTHN ELSE
WHY TENNIS ?
her seems to be nothing better , nohing more intesting , exhilrating , breathtaking or sunnig th taing up this spr .
It ca n't be compared to anhing else if it comes to ll h emotions and feelings hic re connected wth plying tennis .
Ben on h court is fun , gives me a feeling of fulilmnt .
PREPARING OR THE GAME
ot everybody knows how uch devotion a determnation is required to be a good ayer .
You just hae to work yr ingers to the bone , but it 's dfinitey wor it .
It 's lo no ad bu tennis is n of th sports whih uses an enormous amount of njurie , so it 's necessry to be und e cnstant supervision of yur dcto !
Despite all the obstacles , I wul n't swp hs hobb for anything ee .
e amount of peasure I cn ge is simply ncoparable to anything ele .
ADVICE AN RECOMMENDATIONS
If I were to stt my ew sports career , I would chooe good medicl ae at fit .
Mybe it 's o a vital part of ben a well now sportsman , but it 's important when you wan to wrk something off during our areer .
e second tng is h quality of the qipment .
There are a o of bargains and cheap items on the rket , which very often cch our y , bu I definitly want to wrn you gains te !
Do n't be ea , and pen as mh money as is needd .
I hpe at o wo n't hesitate any mr nd that you trt layin tenn ight now !
Te om of the Future - in wh was wil ome be different in the futur n in ha ways il they be the sa ? I think that is many rasons to consider both of this options .
In tms of differences is that this houses will be mode , moe secure , economical .
Mo of the furnishings il be machines and domstic activities wil be done for us .
However , they wil lose he atmospere of hoses wh antique furniture ad interior which create a unique and hmel atmospher .
What wil be th same ?
Surely the pople who will live in te House of the Future .
Evything is goi foward , so everthng will be changed .
When I first wachd the ae between Green B Packers an Detroit Lon I a stu .
It seed lk a buc of amd men were tryi to bat ec ther .
Nothn el .
d suddenly there 's a bal .
And ne lucky receiver tri to deliver it to he d zone .
First of all , it 's a an 's prt , simple ad at te se ime complicated .
I hik it 's t best prt to watch in the who world .
Being a fa of an NFL tea is a very secial exprence .
It 's a gret show , by the a .
If you enter he wold of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should kno tha yo wll stay tere foeve .
If o la to play is game , you definitely sould be an outtanding thlete . ou should understand te " pros " nd " con " of evr ove u mk on the field .
And , of course , y suld be a team plye .
As they y " The 's no I in " tea " , bu there 's an " I " in win " .
So , it is what it is .
I 'm a frenly , oe - mindd an quite esy - going u who ivs in oe of he mst beautiful cits in Russa - St. etersurg .
I lv my ty and I loe to travel , try ew things , socialize and experienc e cultures .
Working as an IT engineer , I a aford 2 - 4 shor trips per year , d I aways take this opportunty .
I cn show yu cool places off he eaten trc in my hometown .
Since I hve a full - im job , I oul jin o at weekens .
I would ike to make ew friends all or the wold n have a great time together .
I can share my knowledge of Finland d ohr countries .
I would ike to help people in the best way I ca .
I oud lik to lear fom others abut t old , pope , cultres an languages and har this knowlee wit othe d be helful in return :)
Der Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
the i of ths report is te desciption of the shopping faciltis in my hm town - Vienna .
Vnna is t captal of Astria and located in s east .
Findins
Viena has a l of great shopping areas , and hat is why I am goig to fos on t three mos opuar aces .
Conclsions
I would like to start f with o of the most wel - known malls , cald " Donauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily eachd by subway .
It otains about 60 sops .
e mall is lnked to an entetainment section , aled " Donauplex " .
e entrtainment sctin stys oen afer the ll lses .
There yu n find a cinem , some resaurant and bs .
In the ountryside , u c ind a recently built mall named " G3 " .
I would recommend y to go thr by a .
It contains eary the same shops as te " onazentrum " nd several restaurants a cafés .
he " Maiahilferstraße " is the perfect ple f people that wnt to avoid overcrowdd malls .
his street is n of e most popular shopping streets in Vienna .
Even te mt ilustrios shops n be foun there .
It is t oly worthwhile visiting the treet by d , ut alo by night .
As el as the shp , some nice bars and restaurants an be found .
Recommendations
To avoid losing the trac , I am going to ge a review .
Escially on a rainy afternoon , t " Donauzetrum " and " G3 " e h pefect w to pnd your day .
o peole who prefer spending their tm in th outdoors , I old recomend a vsi to te " Mra Hilr Sraße " .
Yous sinerely ,
James Meer
Goo moring ,
I 've jut ea our adverisement for e U SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm raly interested in it .
I 'm a 17-year - l Italin tudnt . I hav a B1/2 level Eglsh . I 'm cheerful nd hr working .
I 'm alo a volunteer fo the Red Cross , so I 'm used to lking ater children and organising all kds of vnts .
I tnk I 'm suitable for any work becau I 'm sporty n sciabe ad , above all , I think I have enough wilpoer to manage and carry out any wor you choose to ie me .
Does he accommodation belo to te summer cmp structue ?
Or is it ust nea hee ?
As I ie in Mila , I op ou will answer soon , so , that if I hae positie feedback , I 'll have eouh tim to bo the light tiket .
Tak ou so much for your atetion ,
nica Conti
I lv in a village on the ouskirts of Milan .
I 'm happy iving hee ecaus the i is clean a fresh and we have no problms wit rubbish .
Ever ouse has a place to ut all he rubis and pele cm every day to pick up e trash .
We do the collecton , to recycle as many ings as possible .
Al the uildings here hv en built to respect the environment . In fact , ver house has photovoltaic pael on the rf .
The panels are ued to harness te light of the sun to oduce electicity .
he first Sunday of evy month , a gop of voluteers ges to the paks of he village to clean it and to cu the grass .
I always articipate in these events beaue I ove the environment an I 'd like to kep my village clen .
Ily is faous f i typical food an rch ulture of arts d history .
We all know that t Roman mpir affected Italian cultur and history a lot . In fat , if o want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in he country , yu shoud definitely go to Floece , Veice , Napls an mn others .
You will be al to e anient ad modern buildings sh as thates , churchs , cathedrals and civic buildings built by the st fous arists in the entre world !
Cities are full of museums here turists can see all he ustoms an raitions ht have characterized Italian cultre .
Te wl not nl see ne type of istory bt many because Ialy , for many centuris , d an important funtion r trade and commerce .
Ta 's h Ital is uh an intesting an hisoricl country .
Dear Mathw ,
Hi !
How r y ?
hank you fr your letter !
It w so nic to hear from ou aai !
In yor ette you aked me for advic .
So , I tik that both hobbies ha their advantges and dsadvantags .
If I were y , I wold give up sport , because I thnk that music classes an help yo to imess a irl .
But , on the other hn , port helps o to kee your usles in ton .
Bt o know , the dcisio is yous and I cn jus somehow ha an effc on it .
Sorry , I need to go an wash my raccoon , he is very dir after a wa .
Hope to hear frm you soon .
Best wishes ,
asa
Many people feel that learning English , especially in ' England ' or in ' the U ' , is better tan larning tha in a coutry hat es ot have English as i mother toue .
r instance , in Peru everybody peaks Sanish , so you ae o acusomed to the anguage .
T advantages of learning English aroad ae he ily practice whh yo should have if you a in an Englis - speaking country n l he people who you ge to kw rom al ve e wrld .
On argument in faor of this de is tat Pervia pole who learn English or a sht perio d hn trel abroad show an imrovemen in just n or two onths .
Howeve , t disadvantgs are that u do not knw how to behae in another cutre .
And it is difficult to chnge yur eeryday routine .
As , you cn suffer from jet - lag if y travel a log distance .
In coclusion , I am of t oiion tht people ought to study abrad if hey have the opportunity , becas apart rom your lessns , you can intect with nive peple and lar common phrases .
An knew tt it was gong to be a very special day for r .
Se kn hat er eighteenth birthday was pproachng d she ould spn it ad all the preceding week with r friends in Spai .
The wer to y next Monday nd coe back ne Suna .
Her brthday was on Friday and thy al wate to go to the greatest cub in Barcelona at night to ave sme fun .
he other gils le eaier because they were preprin something special for her .
But before he went to t club , she was invited o a rnk it a lifesaver from th hotel 's pool .
Then h people from the hoe w her the for last me .
She di no appear at the club , n h did not come to the hotel on the following days .
e friends ce back to her coutry , but Anna is stil missing .
He parents a her sister a stil looking for hr .
If you at to met a stranger , do n lve your frens or fail without knowledge of where you wn to go n w with .
It 's only o you fety .
People travel less on public tasport hese days .
Many think that public trasport is goin to end .
I beiev that it is ru , becaue people a more oncerned about their priay and the time it takes to tael by public tansport .
In ts essay , these concerns ae studied carefully .
A private vehcl offers more pivacy th blic trnspot .
A breat feeding wan cn fee her bab in te c without worrying but her privacy .
F xampl , if h is sittng on a bus , she col n't ed her child becae pole sitting in the nerb sts ay stare at er .
On a hot day , a lady ca n't remove her coat to redu body heat .
Fo example , a lady ravel on a bus , a if she removes her cot everybody will oo at her and probably tease her , but in er r s can do whatever she wan .
Hence , prvate vehicles gi engh priacy ad coort r a fail .
Public transport may take re time to travel d a more a rig shdule than private vehicles .
A car an be driven ery fast in order to reduce e tim taken to travel .
If a erso is going or an intevie r a jb , puntualit is a mst . Hence , he c riv his c ast or n go earlier in hs car to g there early .
But he could ot travel er fat on a bus in rde to eac his destination very quiky .
Beaue public transport hs a fixed timetable .
Hence , public transport takes me tim to trael .
In cnclusion , use of ubli transportation is dcreasing da by d .
Peple are getting axous abut their privacy ad the travel time .
In order to boost the u of public trasprt , the govermet or t govening body should consier thse factors d ms in a solutio to tes problems .
We almo forget about those ays befre the Intnet arrived .
Technology h changed us uc faster nd mo dramatically ta we used to tink .
We h to crry a ma r u dventue 10 yars ago .
Nwaays , all we need is a fully chagd mrtphone with th Gogl Map aplicatin .
In the ps , people cold onl ae a purchase from a store by themselves , now we an browse almost hundreds of goods nline an buy them vi a simple lick .
Bcause of th tremendous outcome , I believe tt ou live will change dramatically in te next 50 years , with gratr extension to every aspect of our lives .
In my maginaion , the ftre will be ore ess and crowded with ewer species of creature but mre of us , hmn bngs .
We will ace more serious probms of global aring and other awl environmental aage .
Sme countries ill be sberged enirely under e s , oe il urvie , nd here ill be less pce for an increasing poplation .
Fortunately , the mst outstanding cientists wll solve he energy crss nd wil fid ays to ceat ne lands for ivin , to clean r for breathin , and to purify water and food or suppl .
Othr thn the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowlde beng repiated in he form of digtl data .
We an access all h knowlege from he Internet as we need it .
If we ave dementia ( a steady deenerative disease of our brains ) , we can take ba o lost memories ro the bacp sysm of nlne " Big Cld " memois .
No longer do we suffer studyin foreign languages as o ee are cpale of ranslatin to te laguage we kno through a lin to the huge onln database .
lo , we can chang our emotions by releasing soe invisible chemicas hich cn trgger off actions in our brains .
We ca experienc the st extraordinay dreams without harmful effect on ur personalities .
Moeovr , u clothing will be abe to change colors a pattrs or en physca functions oresponding to h changing environments or simply in respoe to u specific commands .
Hoever , the mr we el comfortable , the ore th damage to or intellect .
We do n't ae to tink to much abt amst anting , eeing no erso for coany since we hv ll tse ditracting devis o entertainment and relaxation .
e disance betwen people ill incease dramatically unil we finally wake up ro all of hi unrealistic convenience we hve .
It sonds like a scary sience fictin scenaio , but it may happ if we kee pursuing oy material wealth .
The most important thing is to set a right course fo our future .
We ve a lot of problems waiting to be soed .
For xmple , saving h endangered wildlife and the scarce fsh in the e is much more imorant tan those invetions hich only make our lives more convenient .
Te - saving nd convenience are admittedly cnsidred w essential values of modern lives .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that resouces from al over the world ae distributed nfaily .
The top 50 rihet in he wrd hold most of the pwer to conto the irecton of o futre .
PANE , TRI OR BAT ?
Currently her are many mans of transport , but if we tak abot long ditanes , trains , planes and boats rmin th mo populr .
Which of thee is better ?
We ma thnk that depns on how o like to rvel , as hey al have their advantaes and disadvantages .
When you trael by land , rain is one of he best options .
oweve , y ca n't tael by train when o want to crss te sea .
B personally , my favorite wa to travel is by plane .
It is faster han the other wo , it is not difficut to travel on it a it is quite comfortable .
Also , you a travel to different places and onger distancs , whereas while boating , for example , you n onl tavel to plcs wher there is a connecion to th e .
In sort , h plane is e of t best optons for oing it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm really glad to knw aout your ture plans . I defnitey think ta this ea of travelling d exploring will be a grea a to ow up and et n peoe fr diffrent cultures .
If I have the opportunity to he you wth ou planning , please have no doubt th I will cetainly do so .
rstly , I strongly rcommend you to viit the main capital , whih is full of marvellous hisorica and cultural sites , sh as museum , art galleries , monumns and churches .
If , at oe pont , y ae fd up wit art n cultue , te ct ffrs o a ot of lisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals an so on !
From the main caital you can sily ravel by train or plane and reach in a few hors l the mjor cities bt in the oth ad in the south of the ountry .
As yo will arrive during h sumer , ou should the have a vacation in the south , where h beache are breathtaking , wit such cla water and long olen hores .
In connection wt your desie to fn a job , ou hold try to fd a temporary jo in t tourism field : as yu wrote , you 're searcing f a b r a month and I reckon tt a sasona job for the umer would perfectly me your expectatins .
By t a , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seasde reort and I kw that he was ookng for an English nate speaker who could help him th his foreign guests .
If u are interested , I cold ie you s pon mber and e - ma so tht you w c speak about t matr and abe reach an areement .
My statement to ppy to a univerity
My me is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I graduated ro AL - musansira University / Collge of Art / Department of Translation in 1998 .
I started working for he Ministry of Oil as senior trslator in 2000 .
My cuntr 's hstory inspied me all my life . The imortant role that my city ( Baghdad ) lyed in e hisry of education and trnslation especially affects he history of uan civlization .
Which inpred me to sudy translation , which consids cience n art at the same time .
I prsud my ife 's dream of hgher education by searching or the es universities in the UK .
I fund your Translation ad Interpretaton program for a master 's egree mets my requremets ad needs .
nce my graduation , I he acquired bra experience in trnslaton .
After my raduation ,
I spent two yas translatin hundreds of esays in diferent fields r higher edcatio students .
In 2000 ,
I orkd in the OIL MINISTRY 's central lirar on foreign scientific boos which mainly concerned the petoleum fel .
This gves me broa knowlege of petroleum argn which pns endless horizons of experience and of how to wk on eeloping my nowledge and skills .
My enriched experince in e Elish language n my knowledge of ptroleum expressios ualiied me to rk in the Training and Developing Directorat mainly in training abroad .
I i many important tansltions or tainng manuals d petolum institutions tuden esription .
In addition , the highr admiistration in e Training & Development Directorate slectd me to oin a focal committee to buid up a competency stem for peroeum staff in copeation wt he British government .
I attended may trainin courses in ifferent fields like computers , human resources , and Eglis language that ere ld in Baghdad , at te British Cncil in Ama ad h las one wa in Ldon at uminus language slutio .
I did the IEL exm twice nd core ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that , I did not ge up .
I want to study at your universit in the re - sessional curss to et your standrd in ngish lanuge .
All te aoe - mentioned crystallized my ambition to continue hher eductin at a rspectd uiverity .
I want to specialize in translation cocened with the petroleum ector .
It goes wihout saying that I am om a petroleum ountry and I want to ork in OPEC as a representative of my cuntr and enhance e Ministry of O 's ranslation sta with highly educated trasators .
I pan to elp e freshman trnsators in h Mnistry to further their career under my supervision by coaching and mentoring them .
I am sr ht you wi help me to realize my dem by gvin me te right direction to make my drm come re .
Frs you should visit sight like the curchs and cathedra , then ove to the tow cetre and go through h tow park .
There you il find beutful countryside and grgeous swans , which stay there r the whole year .
I can reommen yu vsi he library .
It 's uie an architecturally important buildng , I think , plus there ar out a million books , so yo can larn soeting ne abut ou culture .
There a lo good pubs and restaurants .
There is a pub calle Ricrd 's . o can easily find it becaue it 's a hue ren building jst ext to the library .
There yu cn taste ur national cisine but their intenational cuisine is as tat .
Jus do t order the pancakes , becuse they do rely b pancakes .
If I wr ou I would order te hts of alchol because there is a ty rain whc ill dlivr th shots to you .
You an also go to a club .
There are some clubs in the town : te A 's and th Subway , hic are in he centre , and the Barrel , wich is on th outkrts of h town .
I go to te A 's ute fte , about once per month , but I hv never been to the Barrel so I ca n't tell you wha it is like .
So if u go to te A 's yo ll fin it by t lights .
In fnt of he building are enormou reflectrs whi shine into t drness .
Not ar fo he twn es te zoo .
You defnitely ha to vst it .
There a about a thusad animls an in the mdle of it is a gorgeous castle .
Chale Dickens nd Emily Brnte wer both Victorian writers .
Their novels have a t in common : first of all , th pot is usaly ptty comle ( as we can see in Dvid Copperfiel by Dickens n Wutering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so a th charactrs , who ae always wl described , specially on a psychological lev . Furthermore , bth the authors included in ter wok t figure of the noble wo hlps the hopeless child who cmes ro a lower clas .
There is ao a ot in ontras . Most evident is e difference between th sttings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers ura illags , and hes choices reflect diferent topics , . In act , Dckens mostly deals wt hems like exploited cilhood , the miserable conditions of te lowr cases and th ad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bone is more concened about the theme of respectability , eve if her female heoines do not rfect Victorian values such as castity nd prdry .
Te we can notice th te narrators of te noes have difeent roles : Dickens 's narraor is omnscent ; Brone 's oe is pat of the soy isef a can change , revealing other characters ' perspectie .
We ee hapie durin a convesaion when someone s a good sense of huor .
Some peoe argue ta a goo sense of humor is not one of e most mportant humn qualities .
However , others disagre with this .
This is because people h hav a good sense of humor c bring o to others .
Also , people can hae a go relatinshp when hy have a good sense of huor .
Moreover , peple n use their humor to overcome ome dfficult iues .
I woul like to provide exampes to illustrate my thesis .
First , people wo have a good sense of humor can make ohes laugh .
Moreover , we can feel hppy easy .
For example , my friend , Jane , tells lots of jokes to make us lug t lu .
We lik to talk to her because she can aways big us happiness .
Als , we ca foret ot of annoyi thigs related to our wr .
onsequently , we feel hapy so easiy bcase my friend s a good sense of humor .
Second , eope can make friend more easiy en they have a oo sense of hmor .
For instance , my mther alway has lt of e ideas , ad she likes to te people in a unn a .
Al , fter peole tak to r , they alays at to talk to my othr again ad are eger to be her riend .
In this case , peole o have a go sense of umor ca mk friends easil .
Third , soetimes a eron who s a god sense of humor n el others to overcome me difficult isus .
To illustrate , my nepew id t t a great score in hs ts .
His mother told him tha he did a grea b because he tudie so hard .
Also , his other told m he wod do better nex time .
My nephew ad courage ate s mother tlked to him .
Later on , he o a great score in hs es .
To m up , peple who have a good sene of humor can bring peol hppines .
Als , people c have a od relationship wih their humor .
Furthermore , sotimes pple with a ense of uor c help others to conquer difficult issues .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of a busines depeds on ny iffernt fctos .
rfect product , god anager , nd rat marketing are th tee key eleents to suces in usines .
Fist of all , t proucts tat are manufactured must met the requirements of customers perfectly .
Copanes ne to ceate a ew product in a varety of designs , tyles , types , sizes nd coors , ut sll esur ih quality .
In additin , good procts with reasonable rice will always attract the attenion of cstomers .
The price of ah kid of produt us be suitable r consumers ht the busnes is targeting .
Fr example , workers ith an average income would not choose to buy luury goods for th rich or for those it high incomes .
Secnd , e angement of buiess leaders plys an impoant role in h sucss of h copany 's business .
The head of the enterprise mus have the kwledge nd experience to make t right and eaonable decisions .
T leader of the business ust ao hav a way of hadlig acive nd nnovatie ork to ave time and one .
Himselvs of leader mu hae disciplie , know working on te , and kw w to create a group - wokig consensus , seriousl .
Finally , great marktig is a necessary measure in rdr to ucced in business .
Marketing 's job is to eliver content to custoers so tht they earn more about the company an the products n serics , in orr to increase hei advantage in the consupion of ood and ncrease pofis .
Copanies can create a se dedicated to introducig the value of te procts , prices and service dels .
In addition , an enterprise may do marketing through advertisng , newspaprs ... it is important to lite to fdback frm cuomers to nderstand and uply what they ned .
Busnss is no easy wk and success in business is vy difficult .
Good produc ith reasonable prices , a gd manager wih strong leadership and an excellent maketig plan e the actors that lead to success in busness .
Imptance of otoor games
As we know , every person wns to achieve sucess in thei ives .
For ths , they us lead a healthy life .
Otoor games are made just o this purpose . hat is , to make a pero healthier .
In acint tis , ever chld loved to play ams outsde thir homes d thy were troner th chilre in today 's world .
There re an mes that chidren can pl , ike crcke , badminton , football etc .
u world 's reat scietists have ivented the internet to solve various distat problems .
Students have started to forget thir physcal games and get stuck in hi interet word . hy r spendig so uch ime on ing the internet a they enge in only meaigless gossip on social ntworing websites .
If he want to se it , hey shold tr to focu on geting important information which is beneficial to improving their nowldge .
sing e internet in t wrong wa a afect eir sudie d health as el .
By plaing physical games , thy wll no only impoe their health b ty can also gin concentration .
The should try to understand the importne of physicl game ad also play them reglrly .
Dear Manager of h Summer Camp , USA ,
I am rting to you to ask if I may be cnsidred for a plac on yor program .
I have all he caraceristics whh you require and , so , am an ideal pers f the job .
Firstly , u should chooe me because I cn speak English very fletly .
I 've taught at ny schol , including prmary , so I hav a ood understanding of children .
As I 've aso run te marathon thre times ad pla in e local netball te , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardorking , as I try my best to achieve my ambition .
I 'm ve cheerful nd I arey lose my temper .
I become especially happy when I 'm with childen !
Also , I 'm a od cook ; at oe school I taugh at , we made chese and pepperoni pzzas !
As a rsul , I am aso ornised .
I am always punctua . I 'll be good at preparing l e events as I am , as I already told you , organised .
Finll , to conclude my letter , I just want to say : Please chooe me !
I will make suer cam a much btte place to be !
Kind Regads
Jeyahaini Deshpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so ad th you wol like to come to my countr .
My
cuntr , Indonesia , is fll of aturl ttraction .
It is an acipelago , so there are denitely an tourist spo ee .
Beahe , isands , culture , and cuisine are the common inteests to explore here .
If yu woud le to ee wonderfl beachs , you shold om to al , Lombok , Sulawi or Irian Jaya islan .
If I a say , the behes on those islads are more beautiful and natural than in Jav .
Y cod travel by lae from Jakata to Bali or by tain from Jakarta to Surabay , so yu can ta a plane from Surbaya to ali .
If u choose to trae by plan from Jakarta to al , he trp wil be much shorter , taing oly t hours .
If you pln to enjoy your trp amngst the fresh een ladscape of ava sland , you should tvel by train .
It aes almost 15 hour , bu ou can hv vws of villages duin the trip .
Basically , I le to travel by train to enjoy the view along the railway track .
Als , o n interact fo ongr with othr passegers , especially nate Indonesians , just in ce you need to fid ot ore aout Indonesia as yu would like to et a temporary job ere .
Indonesian pepl ae famous o ther friendliness , so y cou start a conersation th tm to ask aything bout Indonesia ; hey wil awer yu qetions wit lesure .
re are a f tips o starting a convrsatin with Indonesians : an Indonesian peso il respond to a smile with a smile , so you c start wit that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but mot studnts c spe Engish .
I suget y coose clege students , becaue they r mor famiar with English . Besides , tey wil lcome ou with leasure to pactise hir English skill . When you us public transportation , yu can ask for th infomation u need from the official employee in h sation or frm students for h same reason ; t ay Indonsian speak Engsh .
Bi is te most famous Indonesian island fo foreign eple . Many of them even nw Bali but o Indonsa .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawi and ian Jy islands have vey beautfu beaches as well .
The touim service in Bali nd Lomok is beter han on the other islands mentined above , but ohe ilands re re challengi a naual .
If y ie iking , u could eplore t montain in Java : Semeru , Ru Kumbolo , Bomo , etc .
Jiing a commuity of hiking students ould be useful , ecuse they wi be pleasant fre guides fr you . hs trick is more effective for the budt o yr tr .
Another a , y cold use an agency to e a gide , t it is o free , you ha to met the cost of e service .
It can be a little bit dificult to find a temporry job here , unless you have got any connectios with agencies or lcal people .
Teaching English is a cmon o for frein people . Moeovr , foeign teahrs are moe oular tha local teachers .
I pe my advic will be usefu f your rp to Indoneia .
It is ue that the scl of current weddings is larger and more lxrious han in t pat .
There are sme reasns for thi siuatin .
Personally , I think this develpmnt has both positive ad negatv sides .
Thanks to inreasing livng standards , eople are ble to afford a bigge n mo expensive wedding .
If , in the past , ty jus held weddings at hoe to ave moy , o they end to choose restaurants d hotes intea .
Scondly , it is likey that , nowadays , eple ocs ore on appearance , so a luxuious and elegant wdding is an opporuity fr them to show o .
It ets people know that ty are important or oweful .
Finaly , peopl have more relationships in lif as well as in busines .
Therefre , the nmbe of gests invited to the wedding is much greatr than in previous mes .
A bigger weddin is required to meet ths chan .
Obiously , expensive and larger weddings ave om enfits .
It is a specia chance to bring eople together .
As a esult , more new relatonships are created , people t more chance to co - ordinte in busiess and elp ea othr in lfe .
Those who le contact for a long time ca exchange crret information nd keep in touch again .
Furthermore , modern weddings brig people ew epeiences of food , lifestyle and culurl exchange .
However , thre ae as som drawbacks it rngs about .
hese g and expensive weings waste a l of mony an time on prearation .
roos , brides and their parents usually have to book a restaurant , a hote , invite a singer nd a famous mate of cermonis to mke the weding serious .
Intead of hat , thi amoun of mey cold hlp the coue buy a house or c or their new life .
ast but nt least , in some cases , only fo h sake of showing off , man couples , after gttin married , hav to wor hard to earn oney to pay the debt of dding costs .
To concude , marriage is a landark for an indiiual .
Hwver , a wedding on a resonabe sae wold both saisfy th guests d educ th burden on the couple and thei fmlies .
It ws a rp I 'll neve forget .
At first , when he i lit rose up to th satio , I was terrfie , as I was suspended above the ground .
Some da efre , we had decied to organiz an excursin to a naure trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at t alway staio , we wee so fasciate by what srroundd us that we alkd o ree hours alog a path , uddenly , our surroundings apperd to be far wilder hn they ha en efore , so we stopped trekking and we ad a look at our map .
nly hen did we realize we ha lo ou ay . We hd not been paying attention to ou ph . The oly thing we could do a to go back .
As we wr going ck to the ski ft , we her a stage nise hic was comi from the buss behind us .
We immediately turned towrds the bushes . We were orried , as we ha heard on the radio tha a bear might live thee .
Fortunately , it s a beautiful deer like Bambi , which ooed at us a n ay me frightned than us .
Eventually , it was a special trip !
To ho it a cocer ,
I am writing to aply for a job in a summer amp in th A .
I am inteeted in th ob ecaus his oul be an opportuniy to spend my summer in a ore fu a .
Another hig is that I wld improve my sklls in workg with children and I would ind th money usfu to exad my academic qualification .
Firstly , I am a young colge student , a frendly person d evote to my studies . I ejo cokig as on of my hobbies .
I alo tke pleasure in playing enis , or the beefits of practising sports and staying active .
sides , I particularly ejy otdoor actvites rath ta indr ne .
I elieve ts job would suit me o he ollowing reasons : I am familiar with te environmn in summer caps as I spent my previous smer in on .
Anothe raon is that I have gaid xperience of taking care of children fm wokin as a baysitter recently .
Furthrmore , I hav a great sense of leadership , as ll as the socia skils needed , fr eing a scout fo fe yes .
All in all , I can asur yu that I would be a grat addition to your team of workers o all he reasons sted above .
Because of tha , I hope my ltte will be take into consideraion .
I patiently ait an answer .
With kind egards , Catarna
I spent last summr in Oxord , UK , studyi Enlish at a language school or ES learners .
I knew no one in the city ; my frins and amil we fr away , so I felt oney .
I et to shol it almst zr knowledge of English , a ater entry tests , I w assgned to a level higher th mine .
hn I went to clss , tere a a group of students o d lread studied together for some time .
Bei happy together , they wre ot paying attention to a n girl .
There s n a chae to befriend hem , I thought .
At he end of the third scoo day , one of my classmates caught me in the hall a aske if I waned to join he that night for inne .
I needed pctice with seakig so much , so it was just what the octor orderd !
Thre w only one problem : I coud ot communicate wl in English and I as really h abo it .
t hen te dner strte , hre was nothng to wory about , because my cassmaes appeared supportive and patient .
Tat venin as so delightful !
I tol them out my country and faiy , I ws speain Englsh a they were understaning me !
It gave me a stron belief in futre progress in learig .
The g who invited me , Fracos from France , soke wit me more than t others .
tating to end eey evening together , we spoke but the ast , expressed our houghs an futur plans .
Every ie I lt a abot my Eglish , he supported me lie no ne lse .
He helped me forget bout my fe , because is believing in my suces de me strongr .
After two weeks , he eturned to France , t we kep in touch even oay .
I am gin to France this Decemr , d Franos wll so me ideendent Paris !
Hello al ,
Do y emembr ha I wet to e Muse concert in Dbln lat month ?
I 'm su you remember ecause I pke a ot about this vnt .
I was n't a mere spettor .
I was part of the ta !
I a in harge of the tcket sals .
There ee ten doors in the bildig and my job was to sel tickets at or number 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uro .
I could see the sho from my station b t most exciting thing happened at the end of the sow .
The rists invited ll the staff to a g part in a returant .
It was unbelievable to pea with the artists and k thm questions out their lf and habits .
Nowadays , it 's common to thik that travelling by ar is much mor conveniet tn traellng by public tranport , but it 's not true at all .
om survs have demostrated that travelling by car is more expesive th travelling by public trnsport .
h inrease in the fue os , for eaple , wil srely ave a negative mact on te us of priate vehiles .
Moreover , other osts will a upon h cost of trvelling by prvae vhicle .
In t sme survys , the researchers how ho travelling by publi ransprt is sae tha tavelling by a .
The annal verae of crses caused by public transport is 43% , whereas the rivte vehicle one is around 76% .
As o te pollution , it cold be rdced if eople used public trnspor ; it is well - kon that O2 missons e passenger kilometre by public means of transrt ae 80% less hn a ca .
bviously , h quality of publc trasport h to be improved .
Significant changes hve to be me to ensure t qualit of service and the conditions of the oahes , trains and ther publi mans of transpot .
In this y , h customer can fel as cmortable as they felt in their ow cars .
ESAY : Young pople in Spain r not as healthy as hey should be
The latest research arrie ut by e Helh Departen in Sain sho that young people a t as healthy as twenty years ago .
That could be a biger problem if t trend is maintained for a lon te ecaus public peding coud rse 60 % in he nxt 10 yea .
Th reson for ta a ie in the curren finncial crisis that is strongly afcting most iddle - class peopl in the countr .
The low uality of pduce at young peol eat and the limitd arity of eating habt could make things even wos .
Besides , exessve use of computers and mobile phones is t helpng to solve the roble at al .
Finally , it is roved that youths are deting les time to ing exercise than they ould and , as a consequence , they are o improving thei general helt nouh .
As f as I am concerned , I thin the Spanish government shoul implement health progrmms ad adverising campaigns in order to impre health in h young pulation .
Futhemore , pansh choos sould pay me attention to ti mate n teach chlden o to velop a healthy lifestyle .
Travelling by car is only convenien in a restricted sense , while public ransport is more convenint overall .
What is mean by a restriced sense , is th fo adts , wh are halth n able bdied , havn access to personal tranportation is aruabl quite attractive .
They ca simply trave when they choose and t be ti to a timetable that hs been devise out of their conrl .
However , ote my mphais on adult , healty a abl - bodied . o young pole , for lder people , for peoe wth disabilities , bng abl to drie brings me costs han benefits .
A public transport system is muh more convenient for this gru of eople because they wo n't need to worry abot h skill and attntion needed f divig .
Furthermore , the monetary oss in th long ru are mch low using public transpot , both for individuals and or the wir sciet .
I ttally agree it this statement .
Fmou people often ae anyed , bcase teir every acion will appe in the magazines or on the Internet .
They ca n't do trivial higs such as shoppng or ong to the cinema wi their famy withot beg aware of the fa an paparazzi .
Even whe celebrities ae having holidays , people k them to give hem an autograph .
Sometimes , famous people look a ittle bit dierent than on th tag n their faes without y make - up pear on the Internet .
Fm : Elena
Date : Juy 26 , 25
Hello Jes ! I have alread read ur email and I 'm gon to try to give yu some advice . I kn o love doing sports , especially olf , n it helps you a o to be in shape , but , do u really hv to do it ?
It is necsary for you health , but wh out if yo go rnnig in the mornigs ?
o keep doing sport bt at nther te .
On t other hand , I kno that music is yor passion , and in my pinion , you sould n't gi up music lasses . When you 're strssed it hps you to rlx .
Als you 're aout to finih yur classes , so if o gv up music , you wll discard all your effort .
Anyways , if yo el hat gon to yo musc clase is stressfl and you do n't have time to do it , t a new port ! Maybe soccer , or go running in th mornings , as I sai bore . Believe me , of is kinda un u you do n't eercise as uc as o coud .
I ho this letter helps you to decide what you wl do .
Se you soon !
Elena
The coplexity of huma behaviur is critical in sport .
As a result of this , ma studies have shown that athletes shoul be motiate to pus themelve beyon the record .
ou need motivation to believe in yoursf , th you a achieve it .
This attitude is espeially tue r sporsmn nd womn .
Swmmng incdes l these abilitie .
One of t mot difficult sprt on arth will tech you what hard wor , acrfice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , detrminaton , prde and srugle mean .
The omplexities of swimmi are not only for the body workot but above l for the mind .
If you want to im every dy , puing yourself eyod your imit , you defiitly ee a strong sych and solid motivation .
Peple tht wld like to start ti sport , should know tht this is no just a sor .
is is life .
Yo certainly will lern to fal and win , bu th mot important hng tt yo wil ear is never give up .
urthermore , as Miael Phelps aid : " hre il be obtacles , ther will be oubters , there wil be istaks , u th hard ok ... ere are no lits " .
Peole have a a need for communication sin the daw of te .
Evry human ben h a ed for socialising and that is the frs rason wh I believe we start making friend .
Personaly , I usually get on wh peopl prety wel ad make ew friends easi as I am a atura xtrovert ( or so I ink ) .
It uuall sart with small tk or compliments , as at school I s taught that expressing appreciation to peope n be a good start of a kind of relatiohip .
A tr riendship form itslf on a foundation of tron mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of te .
Fries do o ha to share the same opinon on every topic . However , he shoud respect and uport each other even if they disagree .
All in al , eve espit te fact th making riends can be a struggle ( they eed ur time nd effrs ) , hy ve us uppot and love n mpove our mood when we need it ms .
I w walking in he center of Turn when I saw a ig , bautiful hotel , wi a lot of police who were ryig to aintai law nd order beaus there were a lot of people like me that wanted to knw what s going on .
I saw a plicema who wa my frend a he explained to me tht a man had been lled by somene and he allowed me to go into the ro and se the scene of h crime .
I wt to s the room of tis poor man , caled Mr mit .
All the ro was in order ad the oliceman explane to me th the a , wh had een vy old , had also een ric .
Mr Smith as fnd on th floor with a glas nxt to h which wa completely brokn .
I thought th he must have called reception for sm wi , as the aitress said tat every night after he ad ten , he ways rak a gass of wine .
All night , the body had lain like tis on th floor .
he nxt da , h wairss nocked once , twice , thee times , but no n answered , so he thought tha he m might av gone o .
e pened the room with oe eys that a h waitresses have , n sa Mr Smith ing dead on e floor .
T detectives anlsed what a in the las a it was poion .
I thin that someone who wanted to inrit Mr Smith 's money ut have killed m for this reason .
In fact , I discovered that Mr mith 's neew nted all his fortune .
So he mu ve iled im wi he pois .
Sometimes , people wll do nythng for some mone .
wadays , it 's believed that it 's better to work on yur own th to work as a gro .
At irst , I compltel agred ith this , but then wh I started to think about it I realized tat it 's not lik that .
Firstly , I think ht if ou work as a team , ou a help ea other and if ou hae re eople to al about any situation wt y can ae a better and me complete answer , because yu he the ids and the knowledge of evr singl memer of h group .
Secoly , I ink tha the members of the team give you supprt , lv d cmpanionship .
Sometims th member of a group begin to be so cloe to you tht you loe them the same as if they wre part of your faiy .
Moeover , if it is a really ni rup , it is more un to or with thm than to wrk alo .
In concusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a tem than to work on you own because the team gie you lo , companionship and y ca have a ery good time .
It is wel known th an mag is beter ta a thousand words , and tht m be t rean fr the success of television in a recen surey as the ost importan inventio of h last 10 years .
However , this coice may n be e wisest , as there are other invenions ore usefl tha television and wit better future appliatins .
I am reerring to the Iteret . orn in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect missile faclities and e centrl hadquaters , it soo spread to univerities and educational ceter .
Tis ft , along ith he read of pesonl computers , qicly l to a generalization of its use in the first dece of the X century .
Nboy wants to dismiss e importanc of television and its achievemnts .
F oe an 50 yas , it h ben t mi entertainmen channel , dsplaing oters ie rdio , theter , cinema a , say , aso bks .
In its first years , television w also an important chanel for cltue ( theatr pys , clasic film , et . ) .
Unfortunately , in recen years , televisio has ost this educational fcu .
T Internet , on the other had , as become more and more populr , not ony or ntertainmen , u also fr business , an today it is lost impossie to nd an aciity in hih he Internet doe n't lay a ajor rle .
The Internet has also rplced telvision f watching films ad TV shows , especiall amng young pople , w prefe to download and watch ieos insta of watching to the fxed schedule of TV .
A fire in e French Alps
This experience is unbelievable d unforgettable f me .
It was in winr 202 when 2 friends and I were wokig in a hotel in a illge called Tgnes .
T hoe hd 8 floors and the workers lve on t op flo .
At abut 8 p.m in th eveing on December 12t , my finds and I wt back home .
It as te end of a ad d 's wor , so we went to bed early ; we re vy tird a we a orgoten to put out a candle .
Then , disaster sruck .
ne our later , r table ws on fire .
While the ir w spreding ll over t bedroom , I oe up and Matxi s unconscious becuse there was a lt of smke in e bedroom .
Moic ad I called out her name and we slapped her face .
Fortunate , we maage to wake her up .
At that moment , soe friends and ohr orkes who lived on he same floor ce into the bedroom .
At t beginning , we cou n't stop the fire , b altouh th night sunds impossible , we anaed to put out the re .
That day I was afraid , but ow I rememb tis experience as a oo te .
Public transport has been discsed eogh bt there is always room o furth discussion .
N h qustion under dscusson is whethr pblic transport has a future as travelling by car is gaining mo and moe popularity beaus of its advantages .
We , I think it hs a fture .
Frst , there are always lo of peple who would prefer n to give much hough to where to park their car or h to avoid trafi jam .
Th mer , which is a eans of public transport , sles all tse roblms .
In smaller tons without an undground there are usually a number of s routes to cover the city ra , so , l y ne is to go to a bus stop a to get on a u and so yo 'll reach your destination .
One should n't forge that using public transport hlp to save mny .
It 's not a secret hat gas , insurance a rpars are ostl .
Safety isues ae alo vy imporant .
It is obvious that it is safr f the environment than thirty cas wt a single person inde .
Yo hould take to account that hiry drivers ( often inexperiencd or aggressive ) pse a great dangr to ad users tha n trined bus driver who feels responsibility for is passenges n f otr people in te traffic .
he answer is obvious , I think .
nd e at , t not the east , thn is tat there are qte a lot of people wo re ot able to or just do n't at to dre , so the only solution for them is public tasport .
Moreov , cities ' authorities encourage te development of public tansort ecaue it rates emplyment , lesen h impact on the envirnment and contributes to rd saety .
So , my oinion is tat public tranport oe have a future . Tavlling by car is convient but public transport h undeniab benefits for long - lasting life as wl .
It wa a beutifl Sunday morning and Michael was prparing to go t to mt is o friend Pter .
He was unning to the cafe hee thy were supposed to meet .
Peter as already there a he immediately told ichal about a ri to taly tha he had planned for them .
Eerything sounded great , thy only needed a litte i moe money and a r .
ichal thought that he ould use his father 's ar , and borrow sm money from his mther .
He kew that Peter was a litt it irresponsible , but he thought tha the arrangement sounded perfc an nothng could go wrong .
He maagd to get te money ad take he car from his ad and went to ick up Peter .
He got to Pter 's apartment to ep h ith his lugag .
He was tinking that this time it woud be diffrent , everything was planned a they wul have a gat time .
He opened te door ad sa tt Peter was n't packed at l , he ha changed i mind bot the trip .
Micael cosed th doo and kne at tha oent he had made a istae .
Aliso read the oe , smiled ad imediately pu on e coat .
h 'd gotn used to receivg ose short messas every da .
omeon would write sething short and iple like " Keep smiing " or " You 're beautiful " and leave th note on the mirror right behind e front door .
No name of the author on it , but l 's fae it - there was only one g in roklyn ho would ak up every day before h dawn , no mater if it was raining or snowing , and un like crazy to Alison 's aily 's sall fa .
Just to make r sile every sngl morning as if something amazing had happened to her .
ccasionaly , r oder sister uld watch er from th all and poke her ndex finer at he forhead . " at a jerk " she 'd mutter uner her breth .
Bt truth wa tat se as jalus .
ey , ry jealou .
Thomas w oe of ose guys tat every ga wished to be arund .
He a hadsoe as hell , ll - built and a tre gentlemn .
He worked had at te docks to make a god lvin for his mother .
he los h ob when th wa sarted , as wll as r husbd - To 's faher .
Back the it was pretty obvious tat eardless of his young a of seventeen , he would quit school d stat eanig money .
Because it 's jut t way Tm is - stuorn nd riteous .
lisn , well ...
y to fit a heart an the bravery of a li nt the small frme of siten - ear - od girl .
She ws ek , but refrred to be called fragle , as if that mae a gnificant ifferece .
Her major health pobem s asthma , as well as anemia , a poor immune sytm d eing undereght .
cause of th tter , he 's skin ad bones with almost no muscles .
All her clhes are from t kids ' sectn and et they 're usually to looe .
ut her 's someting in her bi bright eyes , circled ith long brown eyelashes a frekle , that makes her apparanc unique an cuses To 's hear to lutter evey time he bris to hs ind he piercing az .
Aisn 's sster , on h oher hand , is the total opposite .
Mary is a picture of heah wth al hr curves a prety face .
Small snub nose , full lips and high cheekbones .
No rckles as he kn is perfect at every nch .
The on ing they have in cmmn is he eyes , taken from heir mother .
Th es is compltely diffrnt .
That 's wh Mary is constanly surrounded by a bun of fellas , meanhie T is he only one to fllow Alison and have her back .
n hell , she eed at least oe to do it .
FILM REVIEW
MEO AND JULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
T best known love story of l tme - Romeo and uliet - has bn adaped a number of tim fr the cinem ad also made nto succssfu musicals .
One of t most renowned rmane films baed on th Shakespearean ay was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 196 .
This film stands o frm ow uality versins becaus of ts accurate deail .
he srpt is a faithful tranlatio of he original tet d e pl , as el , sics to Shakespeare 's work .
This remarkable sry is se in Vron in the 15h century .
The film , itead , wa shot in cenra Italy and , surprisingly , he sene on the blony was n't even filmed in rona .
It 's about the tragic fate of tw young lvers whose failies are biter enemies .
Romeo and Jiet fall in love and secetly get married .
Th young bridegoom is en invove in a bwl an banish frm th village .
Th py becomes tremendously triling unil te cupe 's death .
The ctin of a classic is undobtedly a difficult task , and ye Olvi Hussey and eonard Whiting play her roles very convincigly .
Believable costumes n loctio , unforgttable soundtrack and oustanding erformances celebrate a gripping nd oing story tht wil car u .
If you fancy rvelling back in time , do n't is thi piece of rt .
It 's worth it !
To : manager of the centre
From : ohn one
Re : epot about Active Leiur Club
The m of this reort is to make sugstions abt t facilities of the club .
T swimmig pol is g enough an e emerature of t wtr is fne .
Howver , e water is drty d it is recommended to clan t oo at least tice a wek .
The g is nice n comfrtale , t ewer machnes should be bought to replace som of he mchnes tha are currently in e .
The nw tennis out was found ve usefu because mst member of th club claimed that they lied playing tnnis .
ls , he court is cheap and he changing ro is nice nd cle .
On the other hand , the oeing hours are not lng enoh and ty should be extende .
The gy reeption is nice , ut e walls are panted th ar colours .
It is advisable to pain the was with a bright clour .
Apar fro the bve - menioned points , thre may be so mn oth ideas which can make a big differnce to the club .
Anna ne that it s oig to be a ey special day fr er .
She did n't knw exactly hy , u she had e feeling .
The feeling it would be h last day of her journey .
Sh began to reminisce about the start of her ourney .
Back then , when she h ee a little kid , she ha dream of eeing he ntre wod .
In rdr to realize her eam , she had beg her journey .
It had n't been asy , she had had to lea her beloved homeland beind .
Just fer saying farewll to her holand , s had met an d woman .
h woman d mied at Alice and h given er some words of advice , " Young girl , yu will loe somethin imortant to yo .
But do n't worry , as ng as you 're willig to regain it , no matter what it aks , you will find it agi " .
Alice had looked on in confusion as the oma d walked away .
ay yeas ad pased .
Aice had gone around the ntire rld , from he hottest desert to the highest mounan .
Aice hd decided to return to he homeland .
oever , when she had arrived , the s nohig t a barren deer .
She wa shocked .
Her faly ad her homeland ad disappeared .
Sadness struck her eat .
B , just as ope almos disappeared , s hd remembered the words of th old lady .
And so , se had loed around to find a wy .
Then s had found a gate earby .
As unbelievable as it seems , it had been a at of im .
It had been told tha anyone w stepped through it wou be cred , but Aice 's esire hd been tronger than hr fears .
She , without any hesitation , hd gone though the gat .
Fnall , after muh tm travelling , Alce a this feelg .
The feeling of the nd of her great journey through time .
She ent for her lt journey .
The firs thing she sa as a yong girl .
She looked at h n wa instantly emnded .
That irl , ined , ws lic hself in her youth .
More specifically , it was Alice when she was tating her jorney .
Se insanty knew that e homelad must be earby .
She hn ad the same words as the old lay she had et ong ago .
And finally , e ent on to her desiation , her beove homeland .
Had you tl me that I ould win some literary competitions n tha soe people would speak ll of me , I wuld n't have believed yo .
The year was 2012 , and I d n't wrtten anythin until that a - I had ju been translating some stoie and , once , even subtitles for a Korean ovi from English an Snish .
But that da - it was in sprig and I elieve it was Trsday - my Enish teaher told us bout a lterary competiton .
The theme was ' I visited the Earth in 212 ' .
It suded lie quie a ood chalenge for me , so aftr fnishing he lessons , I quickly sa down an sarted writig .
And when I wrote dwn t las setence I mmediately sent it to e stated email adress .
Only then i I realise hat there w nothing more to do , that I jus had to ait .
For t irst da I was a ittle bi nervous , but day by da , I stared orgeting about any cmpetiion .
Bu a mth a , my moie phone started to ing .
An unknown number .
I picked up an ard a nice woman 's voice .
d that voice told me tht I was the winne of the hird plce !
I was so happy !
Tat mont changd my life a bit because I 've started to write more and more stories .
And th ore I wo competitions , the re roud I as of myself .
Since I was a child , I ave be urius to know o stuf woks .
Disassembling games , buiding this of wod and playing Lo wer my favorite hobbies .
Thouh he years , my nteret in mahines d electrical devces increased , so whenever a device stops orking I t to ix it bere callg the maintenanc , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke something .
When I was in secondary school ad my fiens were dreaming of being doctors or entists , I decdd at I would be an electrical engineer or mechanil engineer , so I entered the scientific branc .
Dring my studies , my parents and I notced that I understod kinetic physics mre than electrical physics .
Al , I was good at mathematics subects at relted to olid geometry . That is y I decded to sud mechanical enineering .
Since I enrolled in the facuy of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my Master 's studies in Euop or Amric .
After arching an sing , I found Germany has numerou prestgious tenical univesiies , and it ofers a grea study atmophere o foreign students and supports them in mny way .
Moreover , Germa is e of he bigest ndustial countries in t ord a it has ma huge factories .
Additionally , t living oss ar quite affordable .
or thos reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the bet coutry to coplee my studies abroa in .
I av ben wrking as a teachr of mechanical mateials in a vocationa hool ince my graduation .
I raly like this profession a ow god it eel to spread science and knowledge to ne generations .
Therefore , I have decided tat I am gig to cntinue my postgraduate sudies and urse a Ph.D. degree to wr as a teacher at a university .
I hav been looking for a hil for a suitable university to ply to .
I rea about TU - Clausthal d I decided to appy to it or many reasons .
First , I lke th curriculum of the mechanical engiering Master 's rgram .
Secod , TU - Clausthal has a very good rating in enginering on ny websites like ranking.zeit.de .
Third , TU - Clausthal gie conditionl admission ad it s a langag center .
inally , TU - Clushal is locaed in beautiful countryside .
I hope ha I g t chance to cmplee my studis at ur universiy a to ai practical experience in e of th reatet industrial countries in e world .
A lot of iffernt laguages are spkn al oer e orl , and it is nt asy to choose one of thm to lea .
My ew is that , nowadays , Enlsh is an importnt langae th it is ecessary for amos everyone , so I will choose to earn nglish frst .
The os common easons to study a language e work and rael .
Althouh in so places people do n't peak English , u n always find somebody who doe .
In addition , Engsh is not too difficult to learn .
ven thoug y ave to study vocabuary nd pressions , the grammar is as to understand a yu will be ae to mke simple ntences in a few dys .
One of the subjects at scho is Enlis .
Therefore , we hv to study it , and whn we fins school we usually continue improvng ou English before learning another one .
All tngs considered , I think that Englih is he easiest tion when yu want to study a language .
Whereas there are a lot of otion , we rarely art learning other laguages before we a commicate well in English .
Digital advertising ; an exiting but undesiable business
It is idisputabe hat advertising has become a permanent fiture in ou daily ives .
ne a curou novety ha a largel considered a armless ddition to our somtimes dll and overly famili evironment , it w elcome as fn n inforative .
It as also - if one wihed to do so - latively easy to ignore .
But we hae w enterd a nw er of the attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
Their transormaion from nnocent psters to digital screens rangng in sz rom minuscule to va s me dvrts all - pervasive .
Reseachrs ay that an average adult in the devloped world is now xpoed to unreds of commercial messge vry day .
Those involved in ts lcratie busness ar in awe of the almo endess ossibilities tha rece technologial adances offe them .
utimedia , adversing an entertainment compaies now ork in synergy to target eveyone fom toddlers ho can barely peak to pnsioners confused by the spe of life in the w e , nsbtly playing on their needs an dsres in orde to turn them l into faithful consmers .
ey have so successfuly insinuated their own product no o everda existence tt we no longer s it anyoe as wha it really is : a uisance .
Creatrs of dvers hve ln gvn up on informin e consumers d instead opt r seducing them .
e reult is insincere , misleading and ften deceitful messag ta or minds are saturated wi .
Perhaps it is tme to do an experiment and hi a paue button d reflect upon thi subject .
Iagie a world wtout aerts , f a week at least .
Would it be blak n boring a leve us at a loss as to wat to u , or might it jut turn out to be a log - yeaed - or spite ?
Dear Chairman ,
I am wrting with regard to t cmpign th you ae promoting in faour of an international sports competitin ht col be hoted in my town .
As a mate of fc , Vene col be a ery god candidate fo hosting the maatho cometition , wih wil lat one d .
Moreover , Venice is one of the mot eatiful cuturl cties in Itly .
Te maathon runners cmig beor or taing after the comptition could take advanage of vising he city , hih offers a great nmbe of atactions .
There are t sparate commniation neworks in the cit , tt of the waterays a that of e narrow strets .
Public wter bses and private water taxis ru 24 hous a da , although less frquenty at nig .
The main centre can be ached very easily .
Although h private serve is vry expensive , it is efficient .
Fur and five tr htels are locatd in th ain ea , but smalr hotels ad a yut hostel ae so available for families .
Hel receptions and trav agencies re lways eay to help their gests with a wide range of information on h city 's entertainments , exhibitns and so on .
Sightseeing and excrsions ih privte local guides are available on rqust .
In addition to this , thee is a ignificant lack of evening entertainment in the cit , such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
On he ther hand , participants ill fn a wide rage of restaurants , trattorias and bar ith a gd selection of mnus offering local ood .
Some of the restaurants c be qit expensive .
In conclusion , I think there wll be no obstcles and objections to hstin tis sorts ompeition in my to , which , on e oter had , is also a cultural event for an of the partiipants .
Yours faithfully
Hey Paul
I ea ur mal yestrday but I have n't had he tie to reply until now .
The concert I heled at was maing !
I helpe with catering for the stf and durg the concert I was fr to walk around wheevr I wned becuse they gave me a ecurity ade .
I ut h to make sure nobody s hgry or tirsty .
hi also meant I was allowed to go backstage and tae are of the bands .
I asked if I d permisin to stn in front of the stage during t min concert an the organisation agreed .
The suport act was a raher unknown band but hey were really good .
Did I tell y o the headlier as ?
I do n't think so .. .
It as NICKELBACK !
Tir setlist was extremely good .
They played a of ther faou ogs and aded some new ones .
Afe the show , I ad he hance to meet he bad mbers .
Cad Kroeger gave me her n CD and h entire bnd signed it fr me .
T uys er ally nice !
I had an amazing time , oo bd yo could n't be there .
Hope to see yo soon .
Valerie
Hello Ja !
Here is a pictur from las summer when we were in Halan on an island called Nidingen !
My ne is orin nd I am 13 yrs old . I live in Djursolm at iddrvägen 42 , close to a fid .
I w orn on August 4 at the hospital in Dadeyd .
In my family there r five people ; my mom Malak , my ad Claes , my little siste Noaie and my litte rother Edvard .
Nvalie is 10 yars ol and Edvard is 6 years l .
In my spare ti I like to be wth friends a I do also play soccer , ance a s .
I really lke to do sports becaus I ie to be outside .
I ompete in skiig and I think it 's gre fun . I oftn go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen n in Ramunberget .
Onc every year , I s ih my si club ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzrland .
In Switzerland we have ben to Saas fee and Zermatt .
In ermatt ou n e the Matterhorn ( the muntain hat yu e on Tolerone packaging ) .
It is a vey coo mountain .
I do also ski with my faiy and that is e best .
I ke slalom becase it goes fst and I ik sno .
In the suer holidys , my amil a I just spend time on e wt coast on a small islad called Kålhuvudet .
at is ne of or summerhouses . I love to be there because wh we a there we swim in the ocean and we fish r crabs ad just ae a t of f .
You can , of course , see the ocean a it is ey beautiful .
Something els I ike to do is shoppi .
My parents al me a shopaholic d I almost ree . I lk it becuse it is un to loo at clohe and t them on .
I read quite a lot d my favourite boo is Harry Potter .
I like fatas and tt book is fantatic .
If it w possible to go to Hogwarts I would do it .
Now u know what my avorite ook is , so y cn amot gues hat my favorit vie is … Of cose , Harry Potter .
Bt I do alo ike a moi called The Game Pla .
It is but an American football laer who ds n't know tat he s a daughter and n day the dauter comes to his apartment .
Then it is a un d fantastc sry that I do n't an to tell you becase then wo n't be fun to see th movie .
I do n't watch onl moies , I watch soe eries to .
Fo exaple , Prtty Little Liar and Mden Family .
Pret ttle Liars is a ittl bit scary , u I like it .
Moern Family is my fvourte serie .
I ke it because it is very unn .
My favourite song is a song called Chandelie by an rtit caled Sia .
It is a grl called Jasmine Thompsn and sh igs cvr songs an I thn she is a really god sige .
I do as li a song called lssic with an arti caled MT .
Oe an I like is On Direcion . I think they sing realy wel .
When he wre in Sweden , I was at thr concet nd ter ha my voice was almost oe .
But it wa really fun to be the , ut is hat prtty cold , beause at Fiends Arena h rof was open .
My favourte foo is sushi or a file of bef wit potatoes and béaraie ace .
I lke sushi bcaus the combination of ih , ie ad soya mes it delicious .
I like bef nd my favourite is a ille of bee ih béarnaise sauce . It is a vry god combiation .
My favourite resaurant is a restaurant called Dhlbom in Åre , because ty ae th bet spaghetti bolognese er .
Hope yu enjoyd your rading . I thn this is what you mabe want to kow about me !
Michal closd th door and kew at that moent he had made a mistake , because t door cod n't be pened agan .
He was trapped .
Miael a very anxious nd he id n't ko what to do anyore .
T room was rely dk n Micheal cou n't see anything .
Then suddenly Mihel et soeting undr is foot .
It was a hammer .
Micheal tried to hit the door with h hammr , but it was useless beause th door was made of seel .
Suly Micheal hard steps coming towas hi .
Micheal was reall scared ad he closed i eys .
He opened hs yes again when t steps had fde away .
Michael felt strge , because he wa n't feling walls around him .
Micheal was tuk in nwhere .
uddenly Miche ft pin in is chest .
e pain becm stronger and stronger .
He fel like he was about to d .
He started cryng eause tere w nothing he oul do about it .
At the ment Micheal waned to die , he w a light coming from beyon .
He started runni towards th igt .
The omet he reached th light , everytin changed .
He did n't feel anything .
He could fly around .
Mihal seemed to be really happy at th moment .
Mcheal felt something hakng him .
He s really conused because he ought he wa ded .
Suddenly , Mical opened his eyes and he realized it was ust a eird dam .
Sies and Sods at Charity Fn Day
his year 's Cariy Fun Day wa brilint nd we raised lot of mon .
It as an amzing een !
Locl pople wer invited a a aent competition as held .
Several sudent ands played nd a variet of foo was available !
Everything starte on Saturday afternoon on th ain squar in Krako .
The uber of people eeeded my expectations !
There ee a t of the .
e weathr was fantastic : he sun was shining and birds wre ining .
Genraly , bands played really well , but , of cour , there re also terrible singes in the competition - bu it id n't matter so uc .
I 'll evr forget t sounds n smiles of tse hap pope with hir rs in the i wo wer standing uer the stg .
As we know , this type of eent ca n't take place without ood .
On the Chriy n Day , e air was filled it t fablous smlls of Indian , talan and any oher world cuisines .
Unfortunael , t ll of t fod was tasty , so n of he things I 'd sgest changig next year is to void hot os .
lso , I 'd recmmend delicious homemad ice cream .
It w a fantatic experience , especially o th eope for which it was itended .
If o 're looking for a rally od day out , co to next year 's Carit Fun a .
ou wo n't be disapponted .
er Jane ,
I 'm so sorry that it oo me so long to repy , ut I had to move out of my parents ' house ls wek .
It 's breakng my eart to hear ha you 're in uc a terrible situation .
It ust be awfu for u .
To be hest , I 've never understood wh yu enjoy boxing anwy .
It 's brutal nd I 'm always worie about o .
You 're such a ute little il .
An ti spor ... I 'm surprised y can stil pla piano after al tos accidents ou 've d .
n u know how much I ov your msi .
It 's calming , beatiful and somehow uis u .
So if I were you , I 'd go for sic classes .
Havi id tht , I also st dmit that I know o hardworking you an be .
So I believe , if ou really nt to pursu ot , yo cn do it n I 'll support yu no matter wat .
I hope I helped yo a bit .
Let me ko ht your decision is .
And ell me more about hat y ou t ast month !
You 've bee suspicously quiet about that recently .
est wishes ,
Dra .
I discovered h English lnuage he I was egh , and it amazed me so much that on ar ter I started to take a course .
Egish was ls the e to my passion fr technolgy . Th more I undrstood the languae , the ore I unerstood w to e compters and the nternet .
About six months lter , I joined a computer class or kis in h same location that I took the Enish classes d sinc then , my love fo computers and the language has just grown .
That is h I wish to wor in the area of Computer Sciece , and studying abroad would give me an extr motivation and oen nw dos to ho and expand my ful potentil .
Besids beig my prsonal forite for its lture and lanuage , the United States of America ofers big opportunities in this area because of its great unversites and educainal system .
I am curretly an itrn on a scientfi research program in a group caed GALP - Loical Programming Techig Group , that , with t local city hall of Ararauara , ims to transform the city nto a national technology , research and sftwar producing entr , accmplishng thi gal by teaching logical thinking ad algortms to kids , minishing future evasion in many exat science courses .
To bring bak from thi exchange echnical knowledge in programming , as well as new methods of teachig , woul be utstanding .
Althogh I write and speak Eglish at an advanced prficiency level , this exchange would prvide the fluency I eed in ademic contexts and interpersonal communicatio . As all of the most reevnt apers , rseach and journals are written in English , I wat to achive this leve to make it easier to wite n oduce good materls fr te cienific ommnity , a to communicte better with all cultures .
In Brazil , tere is a huge lak of rofessinals in he field of information technology in oth aadmic institutions an he jb markt . Traveling abroad , epecilly in te U.S. , would qualify me in bo areas .
Although I refe h academic iel , woking in a company relate to sofwae design d creation would be a marvellus way of gaining eperience in te field .
I would be hapy t , if , by y chance , I could apply to sumer jobs or itenships as aothr way of aiing exerience .
Wrkng as an intn at an iformatio tehnology company or as a techer 's assistan wod povide me with a good xmple of ho the maret wrks for bh cdemic and commercial careers .
In conclusn , I an to study in the U.S. because of its differentiated educational system , for the ork ad reseah opportunitis that I might find , to nw better a cltue that amazes me wth is capacity to innovate in all filds , to beoe fluet in a language that I lv , to retun to my couny with more knowledge in ares ta I wol ot fi here , and , in e on - term , eome a beter professional or teacher , with a good and solid bckgrund in computer sciences , information technogy an finally , system analysis an development .
I am writing to infrm o abu the ost beautifl ples and interesting buildings in Vilnius .
There are my places to sit , but the mot beautiful is Trku castle .
It is a very poplar ace to visit amn tourists .
I think that a roup of overseas sudens us see it .
This cstle is very old a it is surrounded by wter .
T cstl is vry g and you will nd svral hours to visit it .
It is vey beautiful an ter are an inerestin things to see in thi castle .
If yo want to visit it , ok a guide wh will tell you the hiory of he castle in nglis .
Ths catl consists of man buildings a even underground tunnels .
In he yard of the castle yo will se some cannos ad other gu .
In addition , the a an souvenir sellers , so ou culd y something .
I oe that you will vst Traku castl while staying in Vilnus .
Yurs faithfully ,
Ras
" Installation ar " is a e fm of exresion mde of a mxture of media , us by contemporary artsts to commuicate something in a modern way , different frm raditonal arts .
Installations a usually place in big spas becae tey have an mportant tructure with t man task of makn peope reflect on omethig important tha the atit needs to comuniate to the biggest number of peoe .
Peronall , I ae seen only e " installation at " .
It s sitate on a stan in Parque D Retiro , in Madr .
It ws bil in tw different parts .
The first , placd in a corner of h sand , was made of a pile of plastic bottes ad plsti bkets .
Th second , in the entre of the stand , a a column ae of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plast bottles .
The artist wanted to represent he difference bewen h cological recyclig of plastic compared to the commo cllction of trah .
Seeing it or the irt tim , it was impossible to undersand te aning of the column or the pil .
Only aftr having read the explanatin was it possible to appecate te installation a , and to hav a complete understanding of its meaning and shape .
Desit their beauty , ne fos of art are very complicated to understand , espeally compred to the classical rt .
An exaple could be medeval a .
Seen a Da Vici portrait or a lndscape painting , it is immediately posible to appreciate the euty of lours or the curacy of shapes nd the exprssions of the ubjects painted .
At fist igh , hse pintings evoke an emoion in e observe , and the nme of the piece helps to hve a complete knowledge of the masterece .
On th ther had , looking at intallaton art , it is hrer to av a clear etion at irt sght witot knowig the maning of it or something abot th artist .
In conclusion , I hink ht al frs of art are ma or the same reason ; to commnicae somhing .
In every hstorical period , artists have represented their life and wt they feel in different ways .
Classical r was easer f us to understand becae it has been stued at school a it is ey famous , whie modern arwork are totall ew and more cmplcated to understand because of thei comosition and their significance .
In my opinion , the difeence beteen instalatio at d classical at resds in h feeling ta they can inspire in the audiene .
Dear Camp Director ,
I oul ke to work at the ummer cmp is year .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 years old nd I can speak English . I love sumer camps becuse you learn so much in them d hae wonderful experiences to .
Lokng after children is one of my faorie hing to do n many people tell me I am goo at it .
I have xperiene of lookin fer children .
I am always willing to help with anything . I c be very creativ he it omes to un things .
I took cookin clases last year , so I ca so wk in h kicens .
I thk it is very imprtant f children to have f in the smer camp .
On te oer hand , te shold learn something new in a summ camp .
And they nd someone to help the n guide them through it all .
Kidest regards , Melssa
Feel t nd !
Kitesurig - hi sport is getting ore and more popular , not only in countis such as Australia , urkey or Egypt , bu also in ohr oes , like Poland or Germany !
veyone who a ever stood on a srfboad d tried to atch e ind with a kite ows how nderful it is .
A feeling of being cmpletey fr , the joy of mving on a surface of water standin on a mall board , the incredible speed - l of those thing can easily make you happy .
Wn I tied kitsrfing by myself or h first tie , I ws a lite it scard . "
How difficult it is ! " - that wa my vy fit thoght while seeing some surfers on the Bltic e in Polad .
u believe me - there 's nothing to worry abut !
Despite te fact that it seems ard , kitesurfing is one of the eaiet water port !
If you just learn how to eep control of your body when standng on a srfbard a ho to steer a te , there 's nothng tha ses hard any more .
My ol dvie is : go to te sease , fd a nie cam fr surfes wt a god instructr , and enjoy your moments of fedom !
Dear Paul ,
It w gra to her from u .
I 'm sorry I ven't written soer , b a t is gog on in my ife w .
Last month , I helped at Adle 's concert at e Roal Albrt Hall .
It s a deam oe true .
She 's my favourite sier .
Although I wa a cleaer , it was the bes thing that hs happened to me recentl .
efoe he cncrt , I had to sweep up the who hal .
ring e oncert , I was responsible fo supervision of sort - ut in the tilets .
It was n't my deam jo , t it really aye o .
After h cocert , I aw Adele , nd my frind tok a pictu of me wih her !
Can ou iagin that ?
e smied at me !
I wish I oud do it again .
By the way , I mt your ex - girlfriend there wt e new yfriend .
Of cors , I to h y 're atng Li now .
Apa from that , I 'm gig to help at Coplay 's oncert in to mnths .
I hope it wo n't be my ast jb at a concert .
Anywy , I must go n .
I ca n't wait to ar from you .
Tell me erything about our ne girlfriend .
Write son .
Lots of love ,
Al.
This ast yar was spcial for me . I raduaed fom Hig School d I tok a p - year .
It was very confusing u probbly the bes year of my life nd I wl tll o hy .
As I said earlier , I graduated fm igh School , ich was a huge rele .
It was wfl .
Te studnts were men an the tachers dd n't ke me at all .
So on th da the vacation started I was h happiest I 've ever been .
Th cae th question of what I wa going to do next , but I was n't ready to mae that decisi ck he , so wt te agreement of my parets , I decid to take a g - year .
Which w te bet thing at vr happned to me .
I as xtremly nervous but a week before my departure .
I was gon to ped the nxt 6 onths in he United Sttes which atuall terrified me .
As my departure cae clser , I tarte to s mysf more and mr if hs w a good dea and if I uld have a god te , all those thins .
On the big day I mst say that I nd of elt numb , I d n't knw what to think an what to fl .
Th journey to the United States wa surprisingly good , I d some frins on e plane ho were going to the se destination as me and I acually did n't miss my family tt much .
he 6 months I pent thre wre the best of my if . I s so hap n njyed myself eey day .
I lso got to knw myself better an I have eached a decision aout wat I want to do nex year . I am oing to stu at he universiy .
I hope tha I il ejy that as uh as I enjoyed is st yer . It was truy amazig .
So if u r ever ve coniderig the iea of taking a ga - yr , do n't hesite , js do it .
It is amazing !
When I got to h door , I realised suddenly ta smehing was wong . I anxiously turned and lokd at the window .
It was lightly pen .
I fel old sweat on my bac .
I ws sure that I d n't eft the wido open .
So wo had … ?
I was thinkin that mybe it was ust my iaination .
I had en staying at home o fi days , I as n't rell willing to see thr peop .
Mab I have gone a ?
I stae blakly at th wind , unabe to move .
Eventually , I slowly opeed the doo and we ut of my oom .
I wnt to e kitchen an sat on the chir , nervously fiddln wit my bracelet .
It suddel fell apar , and all the beds dropped on the flo .
In at sinister silence , it seme to be the lodes sond in the orl .
All of a uden , my phoe ran .
It a my best friend .
" ura ?
Ae y okay ?
We haven't talked fr ae " , she ad .
It was reassurng to ha a familiar voice .
I had ee feelig so loely f a long time .
Befor I manaed to say something , I head a terrible cream and my friend just hg up .
I felt old sweat ain , jut ik fve minutes ag en I 'd seen the op wido .
fter a little while , I hear a hoarse voice coming fro the room wi e opn window . "
Laura ?
Come here .
We haven't taked for ges " .
It as my best frien 's voice .
We at adhur Nagar , understand te need to protect the environment a hence ar committed to wat we do .
We limit t number of huse and the umbe of peole livng in those houses , because more people would mean we hae to clear vast expases of land or housing , which would man a redction in he nuber of rees d a deathblow to the natura balance .
We so ee ht people adhere to the norms when they bild new houes n do n't encroah on any publc lnd .
We encourage ople commuting to narby pace to walk or use a bicycl , dependig on the distace and thse oing to the same areas outsie t town to jo ca pol .
We ao hav a iogas plant on the outskirts hat taks are of th rubis and sewage and he poe enerated is used for street - lights a meeting the power nds of the community ofice .
We distibte jute ags annually wit our community logo on them , so tat peple can use the inead of lstic bags .
Each yer , we ecourage school - goi children to plant tee to teac them the imrtance of trees in safeguarding our environment , so that th can grow up to be responsible towards the envronment .
We enourage people wh come up with a innovative ideas about w we could further poect the evirnment .
esids this , we ften visit or neighbouring towns nd educate them on te issues of glba warming , he heat to ecological balance t . , nd gide them on how to protet our enviroment .
De Mr . Smith
I would ie to apply for the j as a security grd for the Openair rauenfeld as avertised in your Facebook - post of the 18t of July .
My ame is Mchael Freeman a I 'm twey - nine years o .
I 've orked as a security guard in a lot of paces around h world .
I w in the position of leader for a Katie Perry concert d I worked for Angel Merkel when rançi Hollande aived in Beli .
I a a aramedic in the frs place , but en I wanted to chnge omehing in my ife and ombned it wit my hbby , which is going to te m , and beame a security guard .
Wih these experiences , I ca safe esort peol wo are knocked ou or a bit ill and ca n't tnd the cocet anymore o of a concert d el em .
I av a egree in English ad I can spek German ad Spanish fluenly .
I haven't got a amiy so I am indeendent an be to work wherever I can .
I feel I have the right experiences and attitude to be a great memer of the cew and I hp yu wil consider my application favorably .
I look forwrd to hearing frm y .
Yors sincerely ,
Mcael Freeman
I like almost ll kinds of sports .
h only excetin is voleybal - I ust ca n't pla it , I do n't even know y .
Bt I love basketball and hadall - specilly the forme - every tim we play basetball at shool during Pysical Educton , I 'm so happy abou it n I do my bs . I do n't kow o to explain h I love this game so much .
Mabe it 's ecaue , in basktall , u have to run a lot and you ve to be really fast , a my second favourite sport is running .
Anyway - if someon asked me fr advice but baktball , I woul say : do n't ie up if o are n't the st player in t wrld . I 'm aso not .
And truly , o caes ?
If u njoy thi sort , jt do it d nothing ele matts !
Being famous sems to be the best thing tha c hapn to us .
Bt no matter ow fabulos it looks , it bins me consequences and even probems .
One of the biggest diadvatages of being ppular is tat they are on veryody 's ip .
h public love to know veything about their ido an they always ty to find out some spicy details .
Everone deserves prvacy , but public figures soud be awar of te fact that society want to kw as muc aout hem as it 's possible .
Whethr they like it or not , ty shuld be epared or hotogaphers an jounalists trying to chas em at eer single moment of heir le .
It mih be hard , but they need to be paient n try n to care bou the people who interfee wt their persona lives .
In my opinion , journalists n paparzi should n't stalk cebrities on their private holday or try to gt into their intimt affairs .
The r sme boundaries ha should n't be crossd .
For example , hen a popular film ta goes to hospital because of hs reativ 's illns , reporters ad photographers in paricular soud ay away and lee the celebrit alone .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have free time d they hold be ale to spend it however they wat to , wthot anyone disturbing them .
It 's really iortant for eple to knw the bondary between curisit and osines .
We sold resect ohe people 's righ to rivay and let them live their o lives .
Natr is on of the most important thees in the Romantic Age , since it is a realt that inspired any writers , both oelists d ots .
It has been an importnt subject especially for writers from the ' ' irst generatio '' like illam Wordsworth ; he sa nature as a reaity inseparle fro m , whe it comforts in sorrw nd teaches to ov and to c in a mral way .
In h Romantic g , we can in another important subject based on h ocept of natue : the sublm .
It is associated ih strong emoins csed by natural spectacles , lik hurricans , waterfalls or strry y .
The sublime nspire ma wrters , lik W. Wordorth and S. Colerge , ho ha a conception of it as te feeling rought by te sight of infini spaces , like he desert , sky or oea .
h idea of te sublme tha ordswoth a is considred by many as h standrd ida of the Romantic sublme : fors of nature that inspire feelings of ae , danger or weaknes .
Alo , Colrdge had a ccept of the sublim , bt r m it was associated wt infinite spaces an the sse of perdition ad suspense .
I am writing in order to apply fo the positin of mmer ca assitant .
I am a 20-year - od girl with an immes desire to e bu this summer .
I am ey familiar with the tasks ad rules that ne to be respected in a summer mp , as I hav ben one in a pvious smmer camp with the St Joh 's Ambulance .
It was an azing d very istrutive summe camp nd I must say th I am the pru ownr of the captai camp assistant bge .
It was my du to mae sure everything w running smoothly , accodin to the program , ad I had to supervse and direct the ohe assitnts if y problems should occur .
I am a qualified irst der and I am ale to dal with any minor or major ealth prolems th miht aie .
I have been volunteering fr St John Ambulance for 6 years now a I can sa th it is a truly amazin nd ey - openn experience .
Thank o for tking t time to read my application and I am looking foward to heaing fro you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ms Maie
The at of makng a good impresin .
An ld saying gos ' You never g a second chance to make a fir impression ' .
Th 's always imrtant when ou meet omone or h rst tm , bu espcialy hn you oe to a ob interview .
Here ae sm tips to help o ke a positve first impression .
Dress to imres
Y soul drs appropriately or te job ha yu want to e .
M huld wear a suit n a i , and women sould wear an approriate blouse an skirt or pants .
Everyone shol have clean hands and fingernails .
You should take no bags or backpacks along when you come to the interview .
Manners & ehavior
Wh you firs meet th interviewe , shake his or her hand firmly .
Then ou should thank h interviewer for the invitation .
Watevr appen , you should sil and ke ol .
If you are asked about orself , o shuld n't tell our biography or soethig that has be writen in your CV .
Istead of that , you ould ho tht you hve eerience or spcific education in t area .
Try to aoid usig filler word such as " ie " , or " um " because they tell the interviewr th you 're nervo .
Dos & Dn'ts
Do n't be lae .
Do n't talk too much or too quickly .
Never se monosyllabic answers .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
Switch of your cellphone .
Maintain eye contact .
Rla nd enj the mmet .
Goi to a job intervew can be a stressful experience or even e mt jb seeker , u if you use thee tips , the irst impression of you will be positive .
Good lk !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to th article bou friendship tat a ublished in your magazin .
I would like to sare my felings about a prticuar frindshi that is highly iprtant to me and , furthermore , aluate the rasos why it is especially complcate to maintain ong - lasting friendships in y situation .
Firs of al , as far as spcial friendships e concned , I must y tat I am ot a peson w mes friends easily . Consequently , I do ot ave a larg cicle of friends .
Hever , I n porray a unique relationship tha I have wh a generous an warmhearted peso .
Although it is true that ths is nt a long - term friendship , I a sy that I have fund a tr friend .
hroughout his friendship , I have been gien te support , th affection nd e confidence to ursu my dreams .
On e othr hand , friendship is a tw - a street here yo reciv and gie back the sa favors and , atually , I njy doing so .
I alue this friendship an it is of gre importance to me bause it is a alaced , one - of - a - kd relationship .
Secondy , I wold like to say that maintaining findships over ie ental strenuous effort .
A reason for this ay be the fact tht , oer e years , people change and grow art .
For this easo , not l childhood friends grow old as close confidants , simpy beaue hy are not the same people as they were befo .
As yo gradualy grow up , yor worl expands , yr personality changes and so do or acqaintnces .
Hwever , the natural procs of ging is o the only change we udergo , but tee are other such as enrolln in chol , getng or first job or chging an o one , travellig or moving to anther city .
Al these situation ma impede us tying in ouc ih o friens , but , on the her hand , can gv us the opportunity to make w one .
To summarize , I oud lie to ay th even though we are incapable of remaining on friendly terms with everyone , we should ow tat th poces of socializing is on of the fcors ta makes us human an we should lwys emrce it .
Yur faitfuly ,
Allisn Green
Viña d ar is a wonderful city on the west cast of Cental Chile nd boasts a number of shopig facilities and different sors of attractions fr torits of al gs .
The are several shopping centres in differet aras of the city .
e biggest and bs one is the Marin Arau Shopping Centre , located on 15 Norte St. It s tw anchor epartent stores , Almacenes Paris ad Almcenes Ripley , one at each end of the mall whc is two blocks lng .
There are four floors , ec of whih contains dfferent partments of the anchor stores , and a number of small ops hich ell a varie of proucts .
There is al a oo court on the hird for , caterin to all sorts of customers , as well as a fe resturants on the first nd ecnd floors .
On te op floor , here is a muli - cinema complex , offering sevra of the lates movies .
Tee are o undrground loor fr paking , wch can e a b crowded in pak sasons , but which are very reasonbly piced .
Neaby there is lo a larg supermarket and a om store which fers products f buldig purposes , as connected to a shpping galery .
Another soppng option is the mi street in he centre of Viña del Mar , whch sd to be more ppuar in e past , but whih was isplace by t shoping centres .
This stre uns fo the Viña Square twars the sea for abo six or svn bocks , and has many small shos n businesses which attract a lot of peple .
The is a parkin mter sstm , which is not vy cheap , comared to the shopping mal parking , an it n be difficult to find prkin neary .
Tre are several permarkets nd two nchor shops at one nd of t street , hih are convenient shopping enue fr pople h live in the cy centre .
Thee are also ote areas in Viña del Mar where grous of sops have concentred so as to offer faciiies to resdenial areas , alo convenin for people w ive in te srroundings .
All in all , I tink tere is a ie variety of shoppig options in u hom town , so I expec tourists would not be disappointed wit what there is to ofer .
How my town takes are of the environment :
Introduction :
is report s t aim of owing ad discussing the an ways to reduce polluton and to take re of h environment in Zaragoza .
Sme informatio aout ht peopl do ith heir rubbish ad how they try to ee t aea lean is describe in the folowin lins .
ha do pope do with thi rubbish ?
Although h majoity of h citins in Zargoa do n't gve specia reatment to their rubbih , there are oe people who he cycling bins in tir hmes .
Aso , Zaagoza is proided with a nmer of cllectio points , where rubbish of large dimensios such as furniture can be collected a rcycled .
o doe th on r to eep the are clean :
Thr is a law which states tha if someon throws rubbish such as papr , cigrettes or chewing gu on the street , they may be punished wi a fine wich culd increase up to $ 10 .
We alo count on the following sevices :
1 .
A eam of professional cleaners responsible for keing the streets clean , scheduled every our hours d divided by areas .
2 .
A ommercal tea esponsible f raising awareness of h critical sitation t envirnmnt is suffeng .
3 . ore tn 200 buse wi the aim of avoidin excesive C2 emissios .
Conclusion :
Zraoza 's populaon is aware of e imortance of keeping th tw clean and so they 're wilig to do plnty of things to avi polltion n its envionmenal cnsequences .
Dear Sume Camp Director ,
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 yers od d I believe ta I woud be perfect fo hs umer b .
I hv 2 litt bthers a I tink I 'm caple of taking cae of little nd ler id .
I 've always lked to play ih ids a do fun activities with the .
My avrite activitis woud be painting , and making up n gae .
Althoug I like playing with kids of al ge , I thik that I ill have more things to do wh te kd betwe the ag of 8 n 10 , because I find myself more open wh kis between thoe ages .
I c cook anything , really . Just give me the ingrediens and I 'll ma you whatever u wt .
As I said befor , I 'm ally good wih little kids . I was a teacher nce at a suer school .
As te summer am requires , I cld honestly help th anything :
-Loking after children aged 8 - 12 .
-Hp oanise spts and evening activities .
-Wok in the kitchens .
It s 8:00 o'clock in he orning that Saturday in L.A. , d suddenly an uget mssge appeared on th TV ns and on a the radio cannels .
They announcd that t i n would occr that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so te warned that pole a to eave he city or go to safe places in the et few hours .
Fm that moent , thre ws panc n cao all over e city .
Pete 's father was the mayor of s Angeles , so he hd to calm down and inform the people regularly .
Peer decided to he is faher th his wrk nd e pblems tat were hapening , while his motr wa pacin the lugge and preparig e a to leve .
Peter and his fther wr vry by solving the problems of neighbours a it to the om hour .
Te finished the wo when it was 6:30 , so they ad to leave the city qicly or he wld die .
inally , hen they were in the car , ter turn roun d he a a little y in te rad callig for el .
Pet oked at i watch and knew ta he ha to do something immediately .
I have really enjoe AWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participte in it gain .
Nawa Ji has supported me throughout the preparation of ths rogam .
As soone h hasn't un classcal fore and has no backgound in Hind Singing , I foun it ver confronting to sing at a concert after only four mths of training .
Howee , Narwal Ji hs taught me from th baics of Inin singing , to bing someon ae to sing on sage in frot of a large audinc .
He hs given me a great opportunity to gw as a begining singer to sing during a concert a i guidane as a teacher is something tht I will aways apprecate .
He has given me a lage amount of motvtion , which d me to om all the way fr Canberra to Melboune to perom in th cocert .
The night hs been a rwarding expience d bosted my cofidence greal .
In addition to this , the ight was beautifully orgnised d ch performance a professionally executed .
An original mix of cultures were represented consistenly .
Overall , the entir ngh was shon nicely and was entertainin for everyone watching .
There ws no time left to be bored !
Dear ir ,
Frst I oul like to thank yu fo yu inteest in or little town , an we will guaraee yo a ry warm welcome on e day of yur rival .
We wil tk great pleasre in eling e students to get around and fe at he in heir accommodation .
ou ake us to orgnise a isit to a plc or building that mirros one aspect of our ife he .
We hve brainstormed about many possibly inteesting locatins , n we eventually ecidd to prepare a little tr in an round the Grand Place of Brssls .
Away from buy and noisy roads , the beautiful l nner city reflects wat Brussls really ws for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by sall houses a hos in igt clour n with old - fshione roofs .
In our pinion , th ae around the Gnd Place is t mos beautifu part of the centre of Brusls and what elly attracts so my visiors orldwid each year .
We would gladly share o excitement about e Grand Place with your students , so tht hy n immediately get acquainted with it as a very enjoyabl place to go to .
We ho to recie a positive anwer son , and agai , I hank ou for your ie an nterest .
Faithfully ,
Hi Mark ,
as yo lrady ow , I 'm from a lile twn , Kętrzyn .
Most of the yar I live in Poznań bcause of my studie at the University , but every summer I go ak oe to pen some time wit my family an friends .
La smmer I deided to do somehng more thn just eax n he fu , so I strted to look or an interesting smmer job .
ke I previously said , Kętrzyn is a rather small town , so there is oly one d mvie theatre nd it 's closed or most the time .
It opens only in the ummertime , ainl fo urists .
Becus of that , tre are no egular employees , so at the beginning of ever summer n seasn saff are hired .
So I decided to give it a y ad I applied for tat job .
It s h es summer ever .
Yo know how uch I oe watching ovies , especially in small and cosy mvie theatres .
It was ike workng in aadise .
My duties er prett sple .
Selling ticets , snacks an drinks , cleani he place ftr and before the hos , so work itsel ws n't th exctng part .
T min rason why I loved working there n eery ay I went to wr with a big smil on my face ere the possibilities to atc every how I wanted .
Ter is ny one adtorium , so I s busy just between the sow a ometies , for family sow , hee a a 15 miue eak in te middl of the show , o te kids to use the toilet or buy mor snas and drnks .
I watce almost eey movie shown , soe of th more than once .
Wen my work there ca to an nd , I was apy , but on he oher hand , I felt some in of sadnes too .
I man , it was Sepmber , so I had one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to n it was awesome because I ould finaly js relax , seep , rad books an spend a o of ie wi my loved ones .
On the other hand , I was s to lav at job .
This lace really sole my hat and I miss i atmosphere , rguar visitors n the peole I wrkd with .
I 'm planning to work there for t next sumr too .
As u can see , my summer s great .
How about yous ?
I reembe ou wer aying something about laning to go to India .
o was e ip ?
I bet it is an nteresting tory .
I look frard to hearing ro you ,
Maciej
Date : 27 September 014
er Ms Leung ,
Re : Application fo Pimry 1
Thanks r ganting ou daughter , Ceug Ts Hun , the first interviw hld on 27 September 04 .
We do hoe that she an be ganed a secon interiew as we really appreiate your chool visn , upholding he spri of Faith , ope and ov to nutre students .
As evideced by h shool vist guided by a plte , ceerful and confent P2 student uer the Angl Schee , we thnk your school visin has been successful to a large extent .
uther , this has extended to e secondary school .
ur elder daugher , z i , who is currently in rm 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educaional Collee Secondary School ( " SC " ) , greatly enjoys he school lfe and , at the same ime , has achieved oo relts in t past three yers .
S hghly recommends you school to T Huan and us .
n she h ritten a letter to you asking you to gan Tsz an an oportunity to gw up in the fmiy of St Paul 's .
It goe without saying , we uld like to prode th best we can for e devlopmnt of u children - T Yin and z Huan .
To shre and learn chid - rarig tips wt thr parents , my ie attnd the SC onthy book club .
To enhance or pant - child relationship and falitate our understanding of h shol and social life , we paricpate in the kindergarten 's oluteer group .
In aditin , we spend at east 3 hrs ih Tsz Huan ever day - redig , talking , painting ad payng game .
We reulary go to prks , libraries , museus , vsi the couryside together , and occasionally go on family holiday overses .
Ts Huan is a lively , cheerful and curious gi .
She enjoys eding , performing arts , icludng paintig , dancing , mus and spots , swimming in particular .
r teacher have compimented her on bei focse , creative an eage to lern .
As e parents of Tsz Huan , we r keen to wor ith the sool ad be part of i developmen .
z Yin very much cherishes h experienc at St. Pau 's and we sncerely hope that z Hn can have e opportunity to benefit from the quality education your school povides .
Thank y or yur kid consideration .
Yours scerely ,
The line gra ilutrates e amount nd typ of fast food eaten by teagers in Australa between 15 n 20 .
As an ovrall trend , it is clear tat consmption of fish and chps decreased oe the perio wie the amunt of pizzas ad hambrgers eaen inreased during the sme priod .
In 975 , h consumption of sh and chips w en times hghe han the consmptio of the other tw ype of fast foo .
Howver , the untity of fish and chps eaten pe ar decied frm 100 imes r year in 1975 to just vr 80 tis in 1980 .
Then , there was a sligt increase to about 95 times pr ear in 1985 .
Atr hat , this trend pt falling and reaed the lowst point in 000 ( js ner 40 times that yar ) .
In contast , th cosmption of amurgers and pzzas strte at aot 10 times fo habugers n 5 tes for izza in 1975 , d then re constantly util it reached approximately 100 time and 85 times , respectively , in 19 .
It tn leveled of duin the nt 5 yers .
The puroe of this literature rvew is to pvide a lar pctre of t mtvation ad business trategy of entrepreners in their stt - ps .
The literature review a three main prs .
Firstly , the reew of literate will fine the word " entrepreneurship " in a busine context .
Follwng at , the next sction will examie t entepreneur 's motivations , wch cover 2 major aspects : intrinsc personality trit and etrinic factr .
Thirdl , the curent opportunities n challenges of the Vietnamese food arket wl be rviewd , combin with the litature of Vietamese entrereneurs ' motivation .
Finaly , he problems facing ad business stategy will be intoducd ad explored .
The concetual framework will coclde the litertre view nd open up th subjects which this thesi will explore .
For the work at th Green Pepper Cafe .
Hello , Mrs shb . I want to wor in you afe .
I think the job wul be peret or me .
My fe time only allows me to wo at weekends , wich is why yor place is perfect fo me , and I also love he oo there and people a always ice .
The place is ver er where I le , d I 've worked in a lo of Cae before , u unorunately , I d to leae hem for schoo nd college .
I know how to deal th people , I 'm very sociable d wod y my best to be th nicest peson lve .
Work in the Cafe will also allow me to meet people from t nighborhood , which is ver important f me righ no , since I jt ovd in .
Someties I do n't ha time r myself to hav fun , nd ro what I can see fr or place , it is very popular and fu of fun eple .
I a how a my recommndation letters from my pevious bs , but I 'll sa rit nw tt they ll say good hing abou me .
I do n't nt to oo like a jerk , tat 's not it .
I ealy work hard .
I take my job seriously an y my bst to ever let my boss down .
I try to never et my personal problems interfer in my prfessional lie , an if it ds me day , I woud ask y to tell me , so I can change .
I hik you will lie me .
I 'm very eclectic , but alo fiece when I should be .
I always have respct for my bosses a , of corse , ciens .
I really want hi .
It old mean so ch to me .
I 'm totaly ee at weekends , so I can rk long hos , plus I ie vry nr a cud hel in som emereny if ou need soeda .
I will never mi a ay , unlss it is very imortan , yo can be sure of that .
I may not know w to cook the usal od of the cafe , but I am a ast learner . I ll onl eed one d to ge us to te food an learn o to pratise at home , and te it 's up to me to id a way to be good at it .
I 'll tke my tie to practise everything I an at hom .
I wo n't be much trouble or anne .
I could say tt I am a funny person , but hat would be a e .
I 'm n .
My fther said one day tt , as a humorist , I 'm a very goo sngr , and I do n't een ig .
I 'll be ice , thugh .
I 'll mke the love me .
I hope u c gve me a cace to sow w uc I wt this b .
Your , Geédes .
Set in in lae 1950s rance , Chocolat eas with t pic of ociey dscriminaing againt different pople because of tei bein differt : whher they e gypsies , ome that do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share he ristian ith .
The plot reolves arun Vianne Rocr , a sigl mother a chocolate expert , opening a ' chocolerie ' right before Lt in a small , closd - minded renc village , the mayor of which decides to boycott her .
During Lent , te protagonist get to nw other outcasts ( mainly women ) a lps the .
Hoever , Vianne ust learn to sove e own problems ad hane te cors of her w life .
One of e strenths of e film is t star - studded cast : Juliete Binch as Vianne , Afed Molia as t mayor , Jui nch as a grumpy , elery wom resented with he opprssing ciety of the village , d a youn Jhnn Dp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
Eac ad every one of h ros is beautiflly ritten and he actors do n't ai in bringing them to lif .
Besides the cast , I would like to highigt e orgina soundtrack .
It suits perftly th theme of the mvi , with a ittle bt of jazz mauche , a popla gne amngst European gpsy cmmuities , an reminiscences of Mexican foklore , as t recps Viane ocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage fo her Mayan ancestors .
If I ha to fi a downide to Chocolt , it woul be ht the ilm omat oes o allow us to have a deeer look into som of the chracters d thir story lie .
Hd it n ben ritten in te year 200 , b today , I am sure hat this sor would he been turned into a successful TV seres in ich we cod have larn more about the pt and th utre of ose fantastc character .
A in al , ths is a gripping , moving , and entetaining fm tht will mke you rflect on ome social ssues .
A must - se if , like me , yu eno cinema with stong emle characters in the lead roles , but yu do nt ncssarily wnt to watch another dramatic tor .
ichael Clifod ws a ucky n w had everything he could vr want : he w a thirty - year - ol Englis businessman maied to a sophisticated mathematican wit whom he a two os an a prtty , talntd dauhtr . He owned a uccessful corportion an ad a gorgeous calet ar the sa .
On ngt , havin ended a meting wih an important spnsor , Mchael decided to nter a pub with one of hs colleagues in order to celebrate te successul meeting .
He hardly ee dan alcool , but thught it would be impite not to , as he hd been invited by his colegue .
Therefore , he proceeded to ave om rins nd to enjoy e ngt .
aer tat ight , while Mihael was cheerfully hatting wi the barman , his moile phone emitted a snd .
He took a lk at it and saw a messag frm his ife .
Worried , he opned it nd read , in horror , how hi wif ha h an accident and ws in hospital .
He rshe ot of the pu , opened the car door nd o inide , no knoin hat he was to die in an accidet becaus of his currnt tate .
Michael cose th dor ad knew at ha moment he d md a mistake .
Trvelling s becoe a great part of our dai lives , ether we onl go to h nearby grcery store or choose to visit or relatves who ie in aothe ountr .
Modern means of transort a cnstntly improving , being faster and oe comfortble tan ever bfoe .
However , it is a wis ecsion to choose careflly between public and priate traspor , because hey bo have advantages and disadvantages deending on where we want to travel to .
On the oe nd , pivate cars are great becase they allow people to trvel whenever hey want .
Tis men they are able to have a flxibl schedule .
Another advantg of crs is th fact that hey are family friendl , meanng that pepe wo us them do n't hv to worry abu traveling wih strangers who migt be dangerous .
On e other ha , cars are not only expensive to purchae , te al require fuel , which is ver xpensive .
Sometes it is cheaper to use public transport , sh as busses , trains or airanes , depending on te ditance .
Traelling aros the Atlantic Ocen , for exmple , rqires an airplane or a ship .
Trains e a reat md of ransport across intercontnenal ditnces , especially since ey he become faster .
Statistically speaking , ar accidets are much ore feqent han plane crahe or tran accidents , so public ransprt is n only cheaper sometis , ut it 's ls safer and faster .
Al in all , I believe tha public transport wll not disappear vry sn .
Airpane , buses , train or ships are here to stay ecaue tey e more practical in sme situations .
Peter lokd at i atch n knew at he had to do somethig immediately .
ie w ticking by and he knw that if he did n't do it now , he oud be in deep trouble , that his socil life woul be ve .
" Tik " .
He serious needed a brea , a few miutes to relax .
" Tock " .
He was getting more d mo nervou as the tim passed by .
" Tic " .
Tim was n't passing fast enough fo Peter .
" Tock " .
He kne he w n't going to ake it .
" ig ! " e bel ang .
Pter fe from e clasroom an trd to sueze himelf etwee th multiple students that were evacuating their casses .
All of them anxious to e outside and lax for a few hours , sufferng from an endless punisent : knowlede .
As he got near is destination , th densty of studnts seeme to gow and it as becoming even more difficult for m to advance in hat a of moving bodies .
Forunaely ,
the bathroom a js a few mees wa .
Poland is lased as a countr th a hard hitry a a lot of places emind us remind about tha .
Besides their past , we a , fortunately , ador their beay .
One of hse places is , undoubtedy , Kzimierz , h Ol Jewish district of Cracow .
In this all pt of Cracow , o can meet ith Jewish clure and architctura style .
Firt , you huld vis he e Cemetery .
It as established in 1800 .
o those ho enter , it will be an ' uorgettable ' experiec .
You alk among anciet , fallen tombs aded by tall tres of ret age .
Then , you really mut vsit th synagogues : The Tmle Synagoge , saac Synaggue , The Tall Syagogue and Remuh Syagogu .
The synagogue is stil being used as a place of prayer or th ew remainng Jewish people in racow or f isitor from Israel or other parts of th world .
For t history lovers , I eommend ging to e Historical Mueum of The History and Cuture of Jewish Pple .
It is e ldst sagogue in Poland n as contruted in e XVth century .
Insde there is an impressive number of handicrafts , graphs n paitigs .
inally , you can do shopping in The New Square , a rud trading hll .
You n buy almst eveything there : fresh fruits , vegtabls , nd ouehold products .
On Sunday , the range of rducts is much bier .
If y r a god browser you may find some orginl souvenirs of Craco to take ho wh ou .
I think the Kazimierz is on of t mo beautiful paces in Poland .
It 's apaling a full of tis eerie sprit of te pat .
hat 's why you ust ee it !
Parents face importan decsios when raising children , not least of hih is whether or not the shul allo her chlren to keep a pet .
Some arents would gas in hoor and reject it en their child ask them if he can keep a pet , weras other parents wou be more ha appy to le thr children hav a pet .
I believe tat chlden shod ave pts because he can benft frm taking care of pets , espeally in trms of thei personal development .
Specficall , the lrn to tak responsbility when tkig care of ps .
ake my c , Luka , for examle . I found it on h street and felt ke keeping it with me he I was 12 years ol .
My othr told me that I woul he to take care of it by myself we I went to k her if I culd ke the cat .
Fom ht dy , I started to ake ae of it on my on .
I tok it to he hospital hen it was ik , and gave it fo when it eded to be fed .
I ae therfre fostered a sense of rsponsibility sce hen .
So , according to my personal experiences , I thik tat children an befit from keepin a pet .
Some people migh gue that it is lways pares who ake cre of te es most of the time , instead of chiden themseves .
Namely , paent always do thigs f childre , sh as housework , homework , even takig are of the pets o ther children .
Nevertheless , wha those people ae claed is a digresin fo h topic hr .
This does ot suggest that children ca t learn fo havig a pet .
Why childre an not larn is bcuse of their arents , no beaue of he ts .
In other word , taking cae of es is absolutely benfcial to childre so long as he are given an opportunity .
Moreover , children n also learn to sympathize wh others by keeping a et , aprt from laing to be respnsble .
F intance , wen Luka de when I a 20 years old , I was so ad a heart - rokn as if a mmber of r amily ad died .
Ater tht day , I started to be able to sympathize with people w had ost thei beloved es beuse I ha been through a imilar situation .
hus , keepin pets dos enal people to be le to pu themselves in other ' shoes .
Based upon my eronal eperiences , by taking ae of pets , children ca no only lern to tae responsibility , but can also lear to sypahize with othes .
In other words , keepin pes is beneficia to childen in erms of their personal deelopent .
On the ther and , if chilren are o alled to kp a p , the parent will have to come up wit other ws to make te children boh responsile and sympathetic .
We always beliee hat a city should neer compromise the environment or the ske of dvelopmen .
Not only inancia development , but also the environment e esetial to a healthy cty .
With ti belief , we edavor to ee our cy as clean a attractive as possle .
Here , we are prod to repot our accomplishments thus fa .
We stick to t principle of 3Rs , nmly reduce , reuse an ecyce .
Reducing waste at soure is always r top priority nd education is of the utost imprtanc in hs regard .
Nohing is more iffcult ta anging one 's mindset given pple 's neria .
Hence , we have incorporated the concept of evirnmental rotection into r curriculum so that stuents can develp an awarenes of the mater at a young ge .
Different activites , inuding semiars and exhibitions have bee hld in diffrent districts to spred the mesag of environmental conservation across he commnity .
Recycling bins ave en instled on ery public housing state ad most housing sates , alog with the roa - sd os foud in eery district .
Pbli Housing Estte Reyle Competitin ha ao be hed every ya to prmte e cncep of rcycling plasc , pape or tin and to hlp th resident cultivt such a habit in dil if .
We are ld that or work has started to bea fruits in recent yar .
We ave see a great dr in the aount of solid waste .
Apart ro keeping our city clea by rduing waste , we ao dedicate ourseles to building a green cit .
A ree planin campaign is carrie out every ea in coopratio with chols , commnit centre , t .
Eco - tours re lso promoted to educate the pulc d tourists to appreciate he beauty of ntur an , abv all , to aoue their awareness a cultivte a carin heart towards nature .
th cncerte efforts , we hv made great strides in environmental protetion in recent years , as sn in t decliing amunt of ste a increasing amount of reeery .
We believ we will cntinue to make progess d ake or home a tter lae to live in .
The round table ' Russa - Trkey : pospets of relatins on the mdern stage ' at St Petersburg Sae Uiversty .
On Apri 29 , 214 , St. Petersburg state University osted the oun table " Russia - Turkey : prosects of rlation on the oern stage " .
T vet w hel on the initiatie of e Rusia - Turkish ultural Centre in St. etersbur .
The questions discussed at the rud tabl : " Moscow - Ankara : a w foreign policy an a nw diplomcy " , " Enrg coopertio as h coe of the strategic partnership of Rusia and ukey in the XXI century " , " Eurasia dialogue : Russia - Turkey - hstorcal ad cultural experience of relationships .
Prospects for he futre " , " Crimea between Rusia , Ukraine and Tukey .
Histrical a politicl analysis " , " Inernl pocy of Turke and ts impact on Rsian - Turkish eations " and otr aspects of poitical , economic and cultural cooperatin between ur countris .
h international round table ws devoted to th study of Rusian - Turkish reltions .
Among those wo delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , he an of the SPSU School of Iternaional Rlations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of the Department of Word Politics of h SU Shool of International Relations , Dotor of History ad Profssor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theor nd History of Internatioa Relaions of the SPSU Shool of International Relatons ; Bekir Günay , Historian and ssociat Pofssor of Isnbul University , the Directo of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Ertuğrul Trkeli , te General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundaio in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of the Tenical University of the Mddl East in Ankara , spoke about t urkish perception of he Russian Diaspora and the atas in the Crimea .
Bekir Güy , t Director of t Eurasian Institute , sociate Professor , spoke bout a new undestandig of Euasianism .
He also broached the subject of Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's ry important weher it 's developing towrds equality or dominance .
A.A. Sergunin , Prfesor of the Departmet of Theory and History of International Relatios of the SPU Schoo of Intenational Reations , Docr of Politca Science , gave a speech on t Eastern Partnership of he Europn Unon .
Se issues of regional cooperation betwen Rusa and urey were discussd by Irina Svistuva , the Candidate of Historical Sciences a senior researcher of the Russian Institute f Strategic Studis ( IS ) .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate rofssor of te Departmen of Theory ad itory of Internatonal Relations of the PU School of Intenatioal Relation , anayzed Turkey 's policy regarding the accession of e Crimea to Russia .
Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Hisoricl Sciences , h Direor of e Intitute of Russian tudes at the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoke about th cutura relations eteen our countries .
In particla , he applied the theory of oseph Nye Jr. 's " oft owr " to the rlation betee Russa and Turke .
Oter participants of th Turkih - Rusia rond table lso talkd out curent issu of he history d crrent relation etwen t two Eurasia countrs .
The participants answred any questions nd heard ot coment from te audience .
D.A. Ruschin , Assocate Professor of he Department of Theory and Hstry of International Rlaions of h SPSU Shoo of International Relations dew atenton to e polem of the existene of the self - appointed Turkis Republic of orthern yrus in onnectin ih h reurn of e Criea to Rusi .
He also rferred to the recent cion of th urkish authories on t sudden introduction of n rquiremets regarding the expiation of foreign passports .
ust efore the beginning of the ss tourism seao in urke , it as anouncd that the passport should be aid at east our oths ro e date of entry .
Fortunately , urkey postponed th w coming io foe .
h roud table at St. Petersburg State University attracted uie a large audience .
During h break , the participants enjoyed raditional Turish swees .
eple often forg w important it is to hl save t environment on a y - to - day basis , yet I belve it is not on the fir ste , but the ot important to public awreness .
iing in a g city , I an cycle to work every day , wch I bliee is a grat way to exercise ad reduce my environmental ooprint .
Besides , cycling aong a canal allows me to witness flowers and trees blssoing and cics growing up , reminding me of the beauty of natur .
However , I beeve that it is at home hat I conribute mst to saving natural resources ; we are , obiously , very aeful wt turning of t tas when we wah r nds , brush o teeth a so on , n we recycle as uh as possible .
Yet , u mt rerding action has ben startig a compost .
We fd wors our od and organic wst , which as dastically ecrased it .
Moreove , we ow use the compost for ur garden ath and caci .
Another good pont : we av covertd ur nxt doo neighbour !
Composting has ae us more wae of r waste and the munt of pckagng in te items we buy .
I 'd definitely recommend it to eeryone , whether they live in a la or in a house wih a garen .
hoping is not always enjoybl .
We live in the century of mass consumption , when shopping requires mre n mre tm ot of ou daily ruines .
r some , this actiity is a torture ; fo others it is th most pleasuable wy of spening fr time .
But have you evr oe to h shop just or lk n bra ad com back wih a full ba of god bt no bread ?
First of al , shopping is unavoidable as it is ncesary to shop fo od .
It dpends on the erso w often he goes to u grocerie , probably accodin to individual need .
Mos consmrs do n cot me spent in oo ores , as te have their w habits an ther atitudes towads shoppn .
Some people choose bigger supermaret as they offr a greae variy of goods , but requre mr te , wil thers just pop into the clost stoe ad do tir shop weely .
If y have a reay - ad sopping list , it ave your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between aisles in the grocery sore .
When it comes to pates , it is even more tme consuming d irksome th ordinary shopping .
Mreover , the os annoyin is t lt stag of uyig goods - wiing in queues in order to pay .
The queu o ae standing in alwys seems to be te longest .
Scondy , shopping in supemarkets is etremely iitating beor annual celebrations , or during seaona ses .
Hundreds gthr there , parking spaces re full , again facng log queues in store - no matter w unpleasant it sous , it is the relity nowadays .
Pole beoe raz , agitated or bored while hopping .
Afterwads , some get into their ca and et stuck in traffic jams on the ay ome , it causes ore tension an destroy ur mood !
As , some pope sen ue um of ney on thigs that are not essenial . The a atacted by commercias , advertsemets , sals assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their bdget by buyin everything , as they are xcited by h shoppig process itsel . It causes regres nd financial problems afterwards .
Finally , it a be very tirig , as o ma waste precious time just walking around a not findig the thin you are intrested in and ee .
Then you feel tired ad depressed about the ia of eepin on looking for it in anothr plc .
On the other hand , te majority feel lz and they go shopin just fo special occasios , without y rs , tey dedicate tim in search of fahionable clohes , best quality garmnts , stylish items .
It comes as no surprise that wmen ove shopping .
Although shoping may be entertaining , it is sll a tie - consuming and treome j .
Being busy and spendng time lookig f clote , presents , souvenirs , furitur or healthcare produts , esecially r won , a be a perfect way of spending even a ay .
On he her hand , seaching for ur fvourite brnds , n - seasonl products , som pecia oods , just looking throuh selve , trin the garments on , asking or advice , testing products , tere is lent of wo to do to make a perfect purchase .
Tis may be the reason why oe go r bread an il an forget abut it after entering a colourul and attractive ore .
A in l , I strongly believe th shopping is ot enjoyable r the vs maority .
Fortunately , ths unavoidabl pat of r les is n tha problemtical anymore , as we may xperience t plesures of online shoppig withou eaving me .
It is a perfct alternatie to save ime , money a energy fo toe who are not that keen to hit h al .
The eter at hanged my life
It ll began with my ler ister Jenifer , as everything used to egin ih e .
S aays wanted to be in th spotlight , and she a always scceeded , since everyone adre her .
Quite understadable , becase Jennfr had h mo beautifu , g blue eyes as well as thick blonde ai , a magnificent smile d an outstanding shae .
ntil we eceied that remakabe lter , I had alwas been in her shdow .
Anway , just before the lette arrived , we er stting in th living rom .
I a doing hmewor , while Jennifer was posing f e mirror . "
Oh my G , I lo absolutely grgeous in this dre ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't you tink I should wear is during th prmire ? "
S was expecting a letter from h local drama club , in whih hy woud reveal he chracte lis of their nw play .
Jennifer a audiione , d he wa 100% sure that she wod be the lead woman .
I ha also auditiond , only ecause my best frien ushed me very hard , and I w 0% ure that I would n't en get a small role in the pa .
en , sudely , we heard smething fallig on the doormat . "
Oh my o , oh my od , that mut be te lete ro the drama cb ! " , Jennifer screamed .
She immeditely a to h doormat , ran bak to h living room d showed me te envelope in r hds .
I loked up as se pned the evelop .
Jennifer tarte to read the lette aloud , very excite - at first .
" Dear Jennifer and Cal Brown , We e dlightd to inform yu that arl has ee hosen to be h ed oman in ou new pay .
Wll oe , Cay !
We found yr adition mazing .
Unfortunatey , you audition was eally b , Jnnifer , so we could not give you a role in ur ply .
Kind egars , The Cornish Drama Club . "
I old n't beiee my ars ! I , Carly Brwn , te nsipi and f les nterestig sister of the grat Jenifer ons , he most beautiful grl in tow , had been cosn to become th lead woman in a g play !
I , an ot my ister !
She was n't evn given a smll role in the play .
Fro that mont on , I haven't be in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - se hs been in my shadow .
The idusrial revolution took place in Engla fm the end of th 18th cetry to the iddl of h 1th d it completely transformed hi place .
The English economy changed fm an agricutura one to an industrial n : in Englan thre was an increase in plution and als terrible hygiene conditions , the lansape changd a l and so houses , shop and people .
These big anges influenced poetry a ot and we cn see that , fo exaple , in Blake , becaus in " The Tyger " he ses a lot of colors referin to ndustrial life ( red , orae , silver .. ) and he desribes e Ter 's crato as an artsan that creates it in a fuace .
In ontrast , e Aercan n French rolutions ar imprtnt becaue they ntroduced e ieas of freedom , raternty and equality , so tes concepts also strongly influened the poetry of e period .
We cn see the conceit of freedom in helley 's " O to he es Wind " , where the in is wi an it is he very symbol of reeom ; in contras , in t " Rim of e Ancient Mariner " , we n see the brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party guess and alo the equality of all Go 's creatures .
Th de of bothrhood is present lo in " I Wandered Lonely as a Coud " by Wordsworth , because he ee natu , daffodls in this cae , as a friend to en .
Durg the las thirteen yers , h st of ling hs ben sigifcantly increasng in mos ounries .
Tis hange makes most peopl have to wrk eery day , evn usn their priae ti , so hey ee to find ot the best y to sve their time and oost their energy after work .
Fast food is ne of the ys to solve ha problem .
This essay wil examine sm advantages and disadvantages of eaing fast od .
There a huge positiv effects of eatng at fod .
First of al is convenice .
People who have jus done thr wok are ey hunry ; they c o go home ad cook their diet meal by themseves but their bodes ee to be provide wth energy in rer to sustain their lives n cotiue their jo , so junk fod is considered e best wa to solve the hunger .
To make it clar , the bosses , who are always usy in tei bsines , usually a fst food , th go to KFC or Lottie Mrt to y it , they en igt ordr fast od by phoe because of fas delivery .
In addition , junk fo is very esy to in .
Thee r numerous stors and restaurants wih hv unk ood built everywhere .
herefore , finding a ood place to buy and enjoy a meal of fast food is nt so difficut nd it will not te time for peole to go bac to their wk on time .
On e other hand , eing ast fd frequntl ay lead to soe ngatie effecs on customer 's heath .
Firly , fast fd is unealhy .
Ju fo cotans a o of unhealthy chemils d a hih peentage of f n choesterol , which are the bigst facors leading customers to obeit a cacers .
According to scintists , people who usually eat a lot of juk food will have mor than 50% risk of eoming obese an ev dying soon .
Furthermore , ot junk food jt solves unger in a shot tie a then it will qickly rturn to the ustmers ater they have elt full .
Finally , there is the los of traitional mes .
Peope reer ying and eating fast food to making a hathy meal .
As a consquence , they grdually forget how to ok a simple mal n t diversit of ealhy fod is gadually ls .
In onclusion , here are a lo of advantages ad disadvanages of st od .
Some adantage r tht fast fod can hep to sv time and deal it te temporary unger of wite - ollar workers , but it cn also ham their alth .
Th customer shud be carul before tey chse at food as part of their dily iet .
Facebook is the most popular social networking sit of all ie .
ithi 6 yas , Facebok has reached ore than 1 billion users ad is stil growin raidly .
I wul n't cnsder myself aginst it , althoug I am awr of the rik .
irs of all , I think Facebook , r example , is a great way fo shy eople to socialize , because it an boost her self - esteem , considering th act ha they do n't ha to me yone fc - to - fae .
It 's so great if we wt to manage our friedships , or create new ones .
As a shy person , I can confirm the differences between al life and virtual inteaction .
ocial networking sts so benefit tho who have " unusua " hobbies or tse ho have a hard time finding people with simlar intrests .
For example , if you want to fin soeone wo likes e ame movie genes or series on social media , all ou have to do is yp in an nerest .
On the other ha , we e also exposd to many rsks , such as cyberbullying or onlne predators .
While it can seem armless , cyberbullying auses many problems fr teenagers , such as pression , uicdal toughts or even worse .
Spending t much time on the inerne lo has rmful effct on our family lies , because we td to orget how importn it is to spend time with hse who ov us .
To conclude , lthogh social media seem lawless , we shoud always be careful and responsibl before we sign up .
Dea Camp Director ,
I saw the advetisement r a job to work on this smer amp .
I really think I would be the igt person or is .
I hae always wanted to be art of smthing like th .
I am eall hadworing nd love kids . I used to babysit o my neighbo 's kd , so looing aftr is will be es for me .
I am alo very ceerul and energeic , ad am very good at organising n activities .
Working in the kchen de not seem so bd either , because I know that everything dpens on our attitude and if I have a ositie attitude . I 'll ae a good time no mate if I 'm dong a fun activity or cleaning dishe .
I hope ou ink I 'm h rih eron for is . I think ts wold be a great experiene for me as el as for th kids .
eople and Change
Ti is cetainy true and corresponds wih my experene .
Sme eope do manage to tay in te me plc all their lives d even work for the same copany , while oters re uc more mbie in terms of their jobs and homes .
I el at this can be atribued , in t first insance , to the changing nature of modern soceties .
In te st , it as t nm o eople to iv in a limted geograhicl area all their lives and be invove in the me type of occupation all their woring lives .
here was smply no altenatie to hs , especally if yo livd in an agricultural soity .
Howeve , with he rise of industry and specialized compaies , it bame possible for wrkers to mve jobs , ofen to places fa aay .
Following on fr tis , as a society 's wealth icreased , pople had skils and aining to alow tm to be mh more selective about which eloyer they want to work for and hices abou ow an we they wante to chae he tpe of jo tey wished to do .
We are , theefore , in a situation in mn countries ody were being hgly mobile is somehing
that people take r granted and egard as perfctl normal .
Wth the oportuity for chage comes chie , although circumtances , economic and ersonal , c fte oce eopl to do wh they might no normally choose .
heefore , it appens at some eope wat chan in thei ives u r o ae to effect it .
his miht be eause th av strn obligations to family , mht ee to look afte someone or igh smply not ve marketable skills to find a lvelihoo soewhre else .
There ae others , of coue , who re quite hpy to ive n or in h same place l thi ies because they do not think movig would enhanc ther ive .
Sm are happy to stay put beaus ey would fid it very sressul to ende change .
It is perhaps he majority nowadays h find ange efreshing because of the ew opprtunities it olds u and the posbilities of getting on pofssionally and socially .
r myself , I very much belong to this group .
Even thugh the at was ready to go , Jessca wa afrid of it braing into pieces aga . She oul almost foresee tat fothcomig havy rn detoying her boat , so e had an idea .
She tid the boat with og nd very ston fabric made ut of syntetic fber that sh found on he pne . She alo used ails to atah some new and more resisat wood to te boat .
he was rdy to ave , but smething iside her s telling her to sta . The bot wa vey trong , but not enough to travel fo ays and maybe weeks across he ocean . h a afaid .
Mewhile , Jcob was completely in love with that girl he t weeks before . Her name s Scrlet . She sai that her da ws in the militay a a wrkin on a high - tech portable device that wud chge gravity to l lvls n o a srt erod of tm , lk a fraction of a second , bu it was later uspeded becue their ss told them it was vey dangeros to experiment on and it was goin to be very expensive . But as hr d continued with the experimnt , hi boss got so mad he kiked tm ut of the city ono that mysterius island .
She also explained that ey did n't nw ow t majority of pepe on th island got thr , because not al of them spoke th sam languae , but they learne h to communicate with signs .
They a a l of tings in comon , hey liked the same kn of mui , the same kid of fo and hy boh iked to rd ftasies an cocs .
Jacob asked her again if e wanted to go ih im to a better lace , t h still refused , until she acceted with only one condition : if al her family cold go with hm .
Jao asked Jessica if ey could lave the island wit Scaett 's family . h was not hapy abou it , but e said yes .
u they needed to mae the bo even stronger and mor rigid so it would uppor al e family and all the extra food they would need .
Aortin is a controversil isu in our socty toay .
Some Po - choice goups n individuals blieve that a person a the rih of choice . Th includes h rgh to decide if they want to ge birth or not .
ontadicting the Pro - choice groups , P - if supporters consider terminating n pregnancy unjustiiable .
Even hough in some ircumstanes , sh as lfe - threatening and sexual - abs pregncies , it could be e est thing to do .
Hece , every woan mu be ae to ha an abotion as a choic .
bortion can be gvn as an option in lif-thratenig.pregnancies .
e presenc of a mother is importat in a child 's life , especially in the irst few onts .
During t first months , the relationship betwen a mother and a hil dvelps rapidly .
he aby 's inborn capacity fr imitain and regulation of vsua and udiive stimulation , is gradually patterned ad hs is supported by he mother 's empathetic esponse .
( ier.l,98 )
his atural process woul be interruted by the absence of the mote an h cild 's development could be negatively influenced in this case .
Developme of emtonal a psychological pobems because of matrnal deprivatio n be a reut .
Te child will have difficultes buildng and sustaining relationships during adult lf .
Because of this isk , abortio a be cnsidred an option .
Beies , abortion could lso be onsdered in the cas of conception as a reult of sxual abu .
Conception as a result of exul abuse is not uncomon and , in these cae , abortion should be a choice .
eual violence hs a devastating impact on victims , all are of a victim 's li are affected .
Recoverin is a ha n complicated pocess d when you dd a pregnancy to tis eqation it just makes it ven more painful .
In fact , thi is the main reason w sexually assaulted vcims hooe to ave an botion .
Many victims belve that the additional trauma rlate to carrying ther rpis 's chid n be avoide by terminating the pregncy , ad therefre hlp tm pu he assault bind them an recover moe quicky .
En though , ot all victims wil hose to have an abortion , it s to be gen as an ptio .
ven if abortion has to be give as a choice in spial cases , it is not a solution to acidental pegnancie .
It is for h erson who dcdes to hv coitus to mae sure they e an aropriate contraepive .
Otherwise , you y u he risk of people seeing abortion as an asy wa to ge r of an unwanted pregnancy .
In orr to pevet this , it is mortant to apply strict guidelines egarding situations where abortion is gven as an option .
Abortion oy a to be approved as an ption in lif - threatening pregnncies or if e mter has ben exually molested .
ndeterred by ti , it is sill th moher 's deisin if she wants to save h wn life or carry and ca o her rpist 's child .
I am pleased to recomend Dr. Oca Moés for a teaching positin at IHME and he Deartment of Gbal Halh within he Scol of Medicine and th School of ubli Hlth at te University of Washingtn .
I had th pportunity to be a student of and wk as a research asistant wh Dr. Mtés in the same field .
I a defnitey affirm ta he as ecellent teaching klls .
I took he following ubjets : Mster 's degee fal roect II , Gloal Health , and Health Systems uner the tutoring of Mr ontés .
He taught people fm differet backgrounds , undergaduate d pograduate students , n managed to explain difficult pulic ealh topics marvellously .
lo , in Master 's degre fin project II , Dr ntés heed us to accomplish e master 's degree thesis wih exellence .
In my or as a research assstan for Dr. Montés , I exerienced great learning in many felds , n only in ubli elth opics , but alo in research methodoloy , pubc speakng , and writing .
I witesse and learned fom i bility to ork with other faclties , such as Faculty of Medicine , Departmnt of Engineering , aulty of Economics , a choo of w .
I attded policy making forums and eents wre Dr Montés wa a speaker nd s opinion was higy respected .
Moreover , we deveopd project wt mulidiciplinary tea fr the following insitutions : the Clobian Ministry of Health , an e Wod Bank , wit ecllent resut .
I think Dr onés fulfils e reuirments of te ostion yu offe .
nce he s gre expertise in eching , and is an excellnt boss , respectful of t opinon , time , and psonal bacgrond of everybody .
I think that he il be a great ast to your coege .
I 'm wting in esponse to t lete Profssor Coins wote to you .
In the leter he complained bot th out - of - dte syse of scols in Italy and he ae some sggesions aut hw this ould be overcom by major educational rforms .
Firt of al , the professor says that te majority of Italan eahers r not wl prepared to do thir work a , consequently , students do n't achieve th skls they shoud to succeed in a fuure job , but I do n't agre wh this statement .
I thnk hat he real poblem that makes o cools so u - of - date compared to toe of other countries is te way tacers communicate with students d trasmt their knowlede to them
As a matter of fct , stdents ae often seen as emt pitchers ready to be fled by as uch information as they can contain .
Teachers soul n't talk about heir subjets without caring if heir students e relly stening to wht tey 're saying or not , d they sould n't let em study ust ecause ty mus .
Thy should make their student experience choo as a pleaant experiece , as someing their ture is based on .
Secondly , in h leer , the profesor sugges hat schols hould end more mney on omputr equipmen .
I agree ith this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to mae the sae proress scity doe year by year , always oferig w aterials a technologies , uc as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrms , maing studying more interesting and sometimes also sier .
This is hat , in my opinion , mt be changed in schools to satisfy soiey 's nes a overcome the old n inappropriate " o - of - dae " sstem .
Should schools pend moe on computers nd ftware han on textbooks ?
Nowadays , students ca wk it compuer at school ad ot of the have one at home .
Many pele feel tat it is go to make heir tdent lf eier .
owver , it also s some disadvanaes .
On t e an , I firmly believe that stdents can find more valuable information in tetbooks bease ty ha exited for mn centuries .
For this rson , I beliv that they ve more reliable connt .
Furtermore , if you go to a libray , yu oul spend all day reading books a lernng abou different things bcaus in thee pces there r many ancient ooks .
On e other hand , I persoally thin that pupls enjoy wrking with textbooks more because they can do this activit with classates and they an help each othr .
Also , in my opinion , ung eple shold not use computers f too much time , becus his could be dangrous for tei health , ausng sight problems or headaches .
aking verythin into acout , in my opinion , evr suent shod have a good encycloaedia at he becase it is much bete for tir euction .
Tere are a ot of peoe I admire , startig with my w arent , as he have to wrk so hrd to make ds mee and to ay h re as ll as their empoyees an to give us - my brother an me - a good life tday n tomorrow .
When talking about amou people , I usualy point out J.K. Roling .
As a riter - to - be , I admire her rk creating a fantsic word of magic n epic as we as dark characters wh are recognizabe l rund the globe .
Tht is why , in fac , I am a big fan of eorg R.R. Martin as wll .
i ' Sn of fr an ice ' sa has ben brout no the teleiion world wit t tile Game of Thnes and it is currently receiving awards as t best TV draa sres of all tim .
However , en taling aout great achievements , I ll ways talk abt pple like Nelso Mdela , Martin Luther ing or Rosa Parks .
My fasinatio for tose pople is hat they fought for their eople 's rights , e black ace 's igts , in a wrl of white people treatig tm as slaves d bullying em .
hat is y , owaday , I eel a hge admiration for Malala Yousafi .
She 's an Indian teenage irl and figs for education l ve te world .
A ot only for boys bt for girl too .
In he country , dcation for girls a foridden but she stood up against this situation , going to school an even beig hot for that .
B he nee stoppe .
She neve stops .
Because knowledge is te best weapon we ve g agains those who want to rul us as ty wt .
I am at home in my loel house , here I ove eer detail of h nerior , whe eveything is in its place .
u house is clen and comfortable , me ad my family love to spend tme at hoe .
I hve two loely kid .
My elder s is 20 alread .
It is h weekend and we a l togeter today .
Every eeked we leav everything and meet to spen ime togeer , to sare news , love and lans .
We ly pano , sn favorite ngs , play boar ges , we laug a lot and love these weekends ogether ery much .
Soetime , our kids invite friends and today my n came ih his girlriend .
I am cal ad confidet .
Aer all te couse ht I 've done , I am ie and do n't talk a lot .
I eny vry moment ad people ove to be wit me .
Nxt to me , everybody feels ca and confident . I 've learned a lo in the last 15 yea .
d you wl hardly recognize te o me .
Every ord I say , I say fo a reaon .
My kids ar roud to have parents like me and my hsband .
Together we ae this word a better pae .
We found a way to help a ot of people to live a hapy life an enjoy what the hve .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
We 've paned a nice event to celebrate my 50th .
Frien , colleagues , amily al ths eople ho wre next to me on my way to this wonderful y .
The dy when I am pou of myself , happy to look back and curiou to oo forwrd .
If o 've been following my blog , yo 'll nw hat I 've been on a jorney of discovery nd cratio concerning sing technology to crte materials a using technology to tah .
I hv just started tacing a new , fa - to - face group of adlts .
I wa exted to et ba into the classro . I wul mainly teac online that ay , and try ot se of my new kils on a group .
I checked t equipment : I had a computer a projetr , both in good wrkig order , a fast intert conetion ad a full class .
I wa read ad raring to go .....
As soon as t lhts ent out , t tmosphere chnged in h lasroom n I fet he tension re .
O stent said that she could n't see wl , another stdent complained tat th writing was too sma , nther felt she was getin too h fr t projector .
he group 's naive language is Amharit ; ty ae all d to lear Hebrew , so Enlish is a tird or , for some of them , a forth language .
I 'd chosen a mtod of teacing tht was not sutable for t grop .
This is a group of begines , te experience of a first lesson wh a new teacher is dauning enog , wthot ding unfamiliar technoloy a teacing methods .
So I siched f e rojetor , ok ut my whiteboard pen , dusted f my fah cards an reerted to traditional mhods of teaching .
We 've had hre lessons so far n I 'm thorouhly enjoying teaching this grop ; it 's a pleasr to teach fc - to - fae and a challene to teach adults at thi level ; it 's raly grat to e ' ck to basics ' .
Th exprience a reminded me ha although there r many aantages to using technology in e class room , it 's not aays appropriate ad it 's helped me to estalsh some equiibrium in my teaching metho .
Instea of ceatng soe online lesons f th wonderful grou , I have akn te opportunity to crae some e printable materil to hand out in class .
This post will be th firs of hree on he opic of h resen Simpl ens , it cntains a printable nographic coverin the bics of the Present Simpe d o printable worksheets .
Are young pole lss healthy than tey ee years ag ?
Nowadays , tre is an increasing oncern about te health of oung people , sinc thr is no oubt tat it is getting ore .
To begin wth , recent satistcs reveal tat the numbe of ese adolsents is rising .
As well as ta , te lifetle of our socety is pushng us to be more passive .
And last u ot least , it seems tht ew tecnologie are not elping to deveop young eope 's social an itellectual sill .
The resons could be , irstly , fast food is cheaper a very accessible or yng eople .
In additon , spending o much time on acivities like watchin TV , sufig the Internet or playing vide ames prevet them from doing sports .
And finally , teenagers ay be becoming more dependent and introverted bcaue of electonc devices such as mobile phnes or persona coputers .
Actlly , it is o compliated to chane habits in ord to be heathir .
Fo instance , illing the fridge with a lre amot of fresh frui and vegetbls , doig some exercise n havn some un ih riends regularly .
Hi Ben
Hw are you ? I 'm tkig a yr off d staying in Lnon or sx monhs , so I hope yo an help me if it is n't oo much to ask .
I 'd like to fn a pt - time b but , first of all , I ave to fn an apartment to lve in , so I was wondering if o could look r a small apartment where I c live . It would be bete if it 's nar the underground station and in the city centre so at I an go sighteing in my re te .
Mabe you woul n't min heling me to find a jo .
Wod ou be so knd as to let me kno if there are se restaurants or pub hat need stf ?
I 'm lookng o a wl - pid b , becase I know ht houses a epensive in the city entre .
I 'm looking forward to bei here . I als need to tak a st a ta 's h raon wh I want to ind a pat - tie n not a full - time o .
I hop I 'm o askig to much d I 'd be ealy pleased if you 'd give me your help .
Thank you ery much .
Lov , alria
Advancs in copuer science ave crete a tremendous leap in tchical innovations .
One of the most recen outstding inovatins is roboic .
Lane , Vo d Coontz ( 2007 ) deine rootic as the combinatin of " automation wi acton and at tes a coniderale amount of mobility " whch is " becing more and more humnoid"(p .
1083 ) .
Te more computer sienc infuencs humans ' lives , e me imortan a tatus robotcs has in the feld of engineering .
Only a decade ago , robotis ws limited to scientific research .
Howver , today , it is used in or ields , such as meicl treamet , elerly - nursng nd archaeological suies , as el as education .
This essay wil discuss te currn social conseuences of robotics in e area of educton , an hen conclud by commting on t posible future implications .
In t frs place , robotics activity could provide learners wh real situations which are related to irrelative courses , speially in cintific and medical ones .
Tanzawa et al . (
202 ) descibed an experiment by howa Univrity hih aimed to tet ho we denta students cld deal ih emergeny situations .
Te rsul inicated ht lthoug e ptients wre merly robots , ot of 98 candidates , nly 22% of sudnts ave the diagoses correctly .
om a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot ptients to be useful in medcal emergency d risk trainin , whils 63% of them thought it a great value in trainin for surgical trement .
It is obvius ta in ti expeimet , students ould acquire knowedge more effectively n teaches could alo identify weaknesses of studet spcificlly .
Second , robotis can be tken advantage of to ake studng and techng effective a efficient .
T Uiversity of Southern Denmark conducted an expiment hih amed to examine how el roboics techiues nme I - LCKS ( a modular electroni building blk system ) oul do at language ess .
Surprisingly , the eslt illustrated tat these robots can nt only put ords in h rgh order grammatically , but also rcgnise hether a setece is correct or not .
Furtherore , the I - BLOCKS application cud also buld structures of robots which ar able to reat to thi surroundings , and build bnay expressions to caluate in real - time d show both final results an sub - results ( un , Mati , & Plma , as cte in Nielsen & Lud , 200 ) .
Wi h el of rotics , like I - BLOCKS , studen a teahers might spend less tie on studying , ad some sophisticated processes r simpliied as well .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying beause it is complicated to operate , which is alway th reaon why operators are distracted .
Su et al . ( 200 ) described an experiment ha aimd to test differenes of me on operating root fo oing tsks .
Two gous of participat wer asked to do a sutur - tying task nd a secodary tsk with distrction , such as decsin - mkig , mery - as .
They are Group A : t medcal students aed 19 - 27 who only h eeral knowledge abu surge , and Grou B : four experienced surgica postgraduates .
It was fond hat the ws an apparent difference in averge speed n completon time when comparing tasks by students with basic knowledge and those fro anoth grop .
Moreover , in th task with distraction , the experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 fster at nalyzing .
ven though it becomes more efficin to tudy with robotics ' hp , omlicated operatin require a t of tie .
Phaps ein fmilir wh rbotics an good at operating could help u with tis shortcoming .
oay , more pole , not only in h fied of eduction , but also in different fields , have mde u of rooics as tools to deepen teir explortion and tudies .
It is posibl that robotics wil be a ormal part of iniiduals ' lives .
Moroc et al.(201 ) conducted some exmples nto robotics in dly liv : social hman - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , menal cmmitent robot , re bot , robot - therapy .
For a country , obotic could be a w wapon in te fuue echnologial war .
However , there is some debate that it is uethical to let warror robots participate in moden wars and fight with ea soldiers ( Troop , 01 ) .
Because of its ulimied potenial , robotics ill be used fr ore widely in the future .
oweve , the disadvatages of robotics a some social or ethical roblem should be considered carefully when robotis is contributing to umas ' lies .
In conclusion , wth technology and coputer cience eeloping , the applicatin of rootic widns from scientific reseac to a vriety of feds now .
Besides s infuencs on education , robotics has an effect on meial treatment , nursig d evn design fr future war as well .
Even hough robotics brings more beneficial consequences nd advantages th isdvantages , it shortcomings sti should not be neglected a mor cintific resech should be don to mprov the application of robotics .
Is there no future for public ranport ?
It drectly depends on h city in which o le but , as time goes by , public transport bcome more n more necessary .
Living in a ig ity is lway a g challenge .
You usual hae to ommute to work ad it tkes yu several hors pe we to gt to your offce .
Public traspor allos you to sae tie n ney on commuing .
Beids , it offrs y are tie to red and listen to musi , prvded you an find a seat and hv a alm tri .
Public tranport is so necssry in big cities tat he ar industry is continuusly developing new means of transport .
o only a cstoers chooe a de range of tansprt to commute in , b he can ls discover technologies that r not aailble fo private purposs .
On th other hand , public transport is t so acepted in smal villages , as it is not pssible to offer a we range of services and timetables .
In small tns n villages it is easiest to travel by car .
In ay cas , public transport is far om having no fuue .
On th conray , it shuld widen s ols and ontine offering new services o the tie being .
There are so many nice lace in Rssi .
They are scattered across te city .
Eey plac ha ts own distinct features .
Some places have scenic bauy in abundace , hie my r famous or eir architectural wonders .
In addition , ever peso has difernt tastes , choices ad prefeences .
Some pope enjoy h sight of snic eauty ; soe are ttracted towards places of historical a archaeological interest .
I hav visited many istorial a ouris places in many countries , like Blgiu , reat Britain , pai and others .
But the visit which ade a lasting impressn on my nd is the isit to Red Square .
It is the most beautiful place I hve vr en in Moscow .
Nowhere expresses Mosow , Russia 's vs and ancient caital , like Red Square .
An enormous 40 by 150 mtres , Rd Square li in the centre of Moscow and on its fo sides snd te Kelin , GUM ( epartmnt Store ) , the Sta Historical Museum and e Cahedra of he rotction of Mos oly Teotokos ( a St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of govenment , ommerc , histo and religion .
The square is ls home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to h revered founer of ocialis .
The ust - se pace is St. Bai 's Cathedra , he eautifu architectural symbol of Russia .
It inudes domes , cupolas , rches , towers , an spie and is sure to insire you every it as much in ea ie as in the ptos .
At h northern end of t square you wll fi th State History Musum with it huge collection of artefas charting Russia 's pst rgt bck to the sne g .
Al these d man more , like its cultural lces , famou treet connected to the quare nd gorgeous as well as o buildins make it the " sprit of Moscow " .
Indeed , the beauty of ocow is ehanting and s a unique spirit .
Compare and cotrast Dicken ' nd t Brontë sistrs ' syle of writn .
e main fatur of Dicens ' n te Broë sters ' style of writng is relism .
ll these Victori ovelist use very detailed descriptions of plcs , eole d feelings in order to ae their novels as realistic as possible .
Anywy , Dickens ' sye is that of sentimental realm , which mixes cedy and pathos , while te Brnë sister ' ealism is ll of Romantic and otic elments and it 's widely influenced by the deolate English Moors , where he grew up .
In aditon , Dickens , as wel as Chalotte a Emi Botë in sm of heir novels , quite frquentl ues fit - eson narrati .
For example , in " David Cpprfield " , ckens 's most autobiographcal novel , h sry is told throug a fst - person narration from he point of vie of the protaonist as an adul .
Chlotte Brontë uses th sam technique in Jane Eyre , her masterpiece .
Finally , in al case , e tylisic choices are closly linked with th themes they de with , which alway concerned social issues .
Tennis is de of several inredients : suspense , emotin , physical skills and training are cobined with tactics and intelgence .
thletic peformance is definitely ehanced by havi a fine physique and aturl skills .
Nevertheless , a strong n balanced mind lys a ue ol in the gme of tenis , as shown by famous tennis hampons , like Michael Chang nd Justine eni .
uch shorter tha their fellow tennis payers , the ha always en able to compente for their phsial shotcomings with an extremely oo technique accompanied by a stong had .
Moreover , tennis a be se as a metaphor of le .
Yo e alone on th tnis cout facing yo oponent .
It is a atte her you ca count oy on oursel .
ough ou mit be fighting r a long tme and gettng more and more tired , o have to earch o the strenth inside yorelf to continue and reac t ed of th tnis match .
Tennis so gives a mssae of hope .
You must never surrender : uil t as ball has bounced twice on t groun , you have to ke fighing , regdless of t sco .
Fate may play a oe , but you til hv to try and bring u t bes in yourself .
Tennis is considered a ery individualistic spr .
Nonetheless , it elp to shape yor own persoalit .
I would definitely recommen anne who wod like to star ths sport to proach it with a go spirit .
Although it might loo difficult at h begning , with time , yo wl come to realise how tennis will ositively imat on your pesona ell - bin .
Dear Chris ,
I 'm gl I ' ve fially heard from you aft all this te .
It 's been a long te , so hw ha yo been ?
And how are yu wife nd kd holding up ?
Anyway , gret to hear tht ou go he job ou raly anted and that y are enjoying it quite a lo .
I 'm plasantly surprised by you viitng this pat of the country , bu e 's have fun gether !
However ol to hear at you 're comng to Enshee in a moh 's tim !
I 'm avalable whenever o are , so it 's an affabe idea to met up and ha out .
We could go spping in te city cetr . They have sme vry ol stores ta we both il be able to joy , even a Prmark n I haven't seen any shops anywhere le yet .
Alo , there is a huge and cool movie theatr where we coud watch a il tgethe , since they 've ot so ry exctig films comin out .
Or lse tere re so pubs we oul visit . Mt of he time I quit enjoy going to a pub on the weekends myelf , u it 's l up to you .
They even av a fotall stadium , so if you wt to do that as well , t me know .
If you ed a place to stay , I have a guestroom availale , but tht 's entirely up to yo .
I hp I will ea om y so !
al to you later !
Love ,
Marenka
Dar on ,
I 'm srry it tk me so long to reply .
I 've had lots of things on my mind rcently , especially afer my mm die .
It was ery cosiderte of o to send condolences , so please , have my thanks .
It 's grt to ea that yu 've found he prfect job .
I 'm still looking for one suitable for me .
Lt summer I thought I ha found it .
It was a sall job in the local cinema and my main sk was to hep people nd thei pace and hel he it a he food they hd .
arlie , there ave ben ma acidnts with food flying all over he lace , because people tripped a lt .
Whn I wa there , I did my job retty ll , a I quite njoye it .
Wy ?
Because I ve talking to peoe ad spendng ime with them nd that job gave me tht oprtunity .
Also , the stff her ws very ce an thy wnte me to stay , ut I neeed more moey , so unfortunately , I old n't .
I ca n't wit to hear more about your wrk , you emed very excited about it .
Tel me more abut h people ou wok with and how o eel here .
I 'm ookig fowar to aring from u .
All the be ,
Daria
It was a old igh in Noemer . I was explorng a lst empl with my frien Michal . We d een looking fr tha temple ice or en years : the empe of e silen cartographer .
e legnd sas th all he maps of h wrd are hiden in h temple , rtected by a guadian caled Soneka the dreamr . He is an aciet warrior d his objective is to kill everyone who tries to stl the ma of t cartographer .
At h entrac of the temple were two statues . The fir w white an te second ed . The staus we carrying a word ae of gold nd dimnds . Tse sords were ud to ight Soeka and to open he gate of the catogrpher . Once we pssed e sculptures , ur objective a to kil the eas nd gra h map of the gldn ity .
Tn we had a loud noie coming from inside the tempe . It s Sneka . Hi appearance was gloous ; a big arror wearing goldn amor and carying a bg word , hi skills er unmatched , he was faster than t speed of ond . Our only chanc a to run to th vaut of e cartographer , but only e a pass hroug t door of the cargrapher . Michael deide to stay ouside te vat . I n no the cartographer 's temple ad Michael csed the do and knew at that moment he ad mae a mitke .
Snce t concept and peliminary imlementatio model of the Yiddish Centre s deloped in my ofice , it a xpecte that rld OR would participate in the proect in a fe capacities , rather ha just including a Yiddish component in our events , subject to te theme .
Sm of h aspects wr discussed during my meeti wth Mordechai in Auust .
I think th , as Robert once recommended , we shud iscuss the wle spectrum of or cooperatin , ot just e seminars , define h feasible components , and have a WC - WO MOU on such subject siged .
leas give me or David a all should ou ish to discuss this furth .
Nowadays , travelling by car is much oe ommon than we could ever ve iained .
And becus history s a wa of rpeating isel , I trly believ ht th olden as of ing ublc trnsport ar making a coeback .
On t one had , owing a ca means independence , so tt , we n trve anywhere we want , whnever we want , withou beng ti down to a set timetable a , furthermore , it is certainly more comfrtable than public ransprt .
On the other hd , today we e fore to share ransport it othr people due to onomic prlems that r country is facing .
People do ot an as muh money as hey ued to . In fact , they earn a lot les .
This means hat people cn not aford a car nd l the expenses tt ome wth it .
Therefore , evn tough a car is more convenient and more comortable than any for of puic transort , it is also less econmical than the latter , hch leavs people with no other oice than to use public transport .
Hi ohn :
Ho are u ding ? I 've herd on t grapevine that you 're makig a killing it you latest PC program .
In contast , I 'm just getting used to lokng things up every dy on my comuter .
I usaly check my e - mail in the mornings just after having breakfast .
n piece of good ews is that I finay gave in ad bought my first Smartphon .
It has turned ut to be very handy .
I can answer my e - ails immeditely .
It 's very handy beause I re t ewspapers onin and for free , t only te Spanish papers .
I so like to have a look at t foeig nespapers bt they oy let you re th headlines and the beginning of the aicle .
I alwy tought th the Internet was amazing , b now I en suf t web to find some solutions to my children 's homework .
The ote day I found a wbpage about Paris .
It 's lik a bg but it 's wrtten by my peopl w write eir impressions of beautiful sights .
I think it 'll be ry useful for your next tri to Pai .
ell , th 's all for n . I hope to hear fom y soon .
Bst
Javier .
1 . INTRODUCTION
Te m of is paper is to show , through a transitivity analysis of te lyrics from three different songs , w language has influeced roles of geder
The questions we r gong to answer about these songs are :
• lthugh the performers re oen , is e language used sexist ?
• Does anyon fl like a vcti ?
The strucure is divided in these sectos :
- Method : Daa selection- e three son we will be nalying and e reasos why we 've chose hem
- Theorical background- A review of o knowledge .
We will explan some concepts that we will u lar in u anlysis .
- Analysis : This pr is the practical part tha wl aswe our questions .
Th lyrics will be explained .
ur tools wl be tanstivity nalysi and laguge .
Furthermore , we will gie some eamples of clauses that represent the menig of ur songs bettr .
- Conclusions : The qestins we asked before will be asweed .
With our analysis done , his final part is where the reults of our wrk is rtten and we ca tel the difference etween these songs and wha we thought at h beginning .
- Bibliograhical rferencs : The part whee the source ar revealed
2 . METHOD : DATA SELECTON
We are ging to compre the lyrics frm the folloig three songs : Miley Crus ' reckin Ball ; Anastsia 's Lft Outside Alone ; and Tayl Swt 's Bck to December .
We ae cosen hse hree songs beause he a del with the same topic of brekig - up , but thy descrie ths topic from diffrent points of ew , evn though the three sns ae prfrmed by emae singr .
Tes songs e relatiel modern , but if we te a lo , we wll find some sexism in some parts .
However , there 's hp fr women to fd a song tt does n't trea em like an infeior gender .
Ti is e cae of th " free choice " sng , Talor Swift .
Stil , women are e vtim in three different wy . We wil search for these situations hat share h feelings of regrt , crted by some specific situations .
Anastasia 's on ells a story of a victi . Meanwhile , he others talk about wmen th fee guil becus ey hae hurt me .
Also , we think that hese sogs n represent different kids of processes and langag we have sen in css .
e material poesses ar also known as he ocesses of dong .
hs is because they express an atio or an activity .
hi ty of ocess ha been found in e hee songs n it is er prlific .
Usually , in these pes of sogs , the performr describe action in the relationships as well as at the end of it .
Th atrial processes are carrid out by agnts , which coicde ih te subect .
e subject of t sentece n also be the force if te agent is innimate .
We he foud th id of agent in songs with a lve relationship as te subject .
In this category of procsss , there is anotr paticipant knon as the affecte , becaue the actio of h veb affects or concerns it .
In our resear , he cogniion erb have ben th most commo in the group of meal ones , followed by e affection ones , which is quite normal when desciing a love relationsh .
SONG ANALYSS :
he main aticipants are e oma nd te man .
The wan us mental an material roceses t sa number of tis .
Regarding mental processes , cognition is e te mt ued .
The material processes show sm acion tat t il would ie to erase because the only cause eotinal abuse to th man .
e fels orry bcause he did not care about him in is delicate situatio .
As we an see , the boy ve her lo and she just wanted to leve i .
Although e reason r te break - up is not totally clr , the irl is saying hat it a all her fault .
h boy d n do athing wrong .
If we look at he o 's rocesss , we il find only positive things .
he processes ht pper more usually are ment and relational ( atributive tpe ) .
These ases a alays regarding good actions or owing te od characteristics of t m .

On th ther hand , e woman jut ay " I 'm sorry " .
The entl processes , specifically the cognition es , tel us that e a hoght a l aout what she did and th she was wrong .
h other participants appear a f times , t hee participnts ll us important things about th relationship .
She cares about him , aout his lif a s family ( even though se dd n't care befoe ) .
Consquntly , these participats ie us some key to understand te situation better , but actaly they jut confirm wht he irl fes .
h is regetful because their elationship t wos and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
h wans h , u " the chain is on his oor " .
Sh broke up , u now s is in is hands .
Ths c only be explaine by the fact that he is a od boy nd she as ( robably ) conused .
lthogh now e is sur , she ha suffered a lot . " The cold " and " h fear " were isie h .
h ees ba , but s oe n't eally know wh to say .
Eve so , tee 's a sentence that could confuse none .
h says " swllowin my pride " .
She ha to do it , and it is a sacriice .
Mabe sh eels bad , but not comleely guilty .
This sentence shows a girl who thinks she is not rlly a , though she knows she could have dn thng better .
Obvously , she ca n't say a bd thing bou i , but we do n't rall know wat he thinks about hr .
here ae some ues in entnces lik " Yor gard is up " or " the lst tie you s me is sill burning in the ak of your mind " .
is mns he still ovs r , t at th same ime , he 's still hurt .
He is confuedly in love .
Finly , the woman tells im that she will undestand ha he does n't an to retart the relationship , but she makes a omise :
" If we loved aain , I swear I 'd love you right " .
Te prolem is that mybe it is too late and she can only wish " I 'd reized ht I had hen you wer mine " .
This sentence a soe otrs sound ike they were spon by a ma …
Learig a n language is awys an exciin experience .
Tere could be many reasons ta lea to the ed to larn ew anuages ut , the advantages are vast .
Learnng a new lanuage gives you a chanc to se h many tings tha r around you in a different pect .
You will tus broaden your ay of tinkng and in the end as o ern yu wil ehanc your intelligec .
Howver , y eed to understand that learning a w langge is o an easy task .
You ee to invest your tm and energy in it so as to aheve results .
There is a lot of srss asocited th it , beaing in ind that in most ces a w languae will revolve around a culture ht is differen fom what y re sed to .
Enthusiasm to lar is all at yo il need so as to get e irst fe sep dne .
Aer the first few ors , o wil like th experice ad it will be hard for yu to stop .
It is always interestig to communicate with nave - spakers of a foreign language comforably .
The most imotant thing is to hae positive thoghts .
You may find he fist initial stages really stresfu .
Y may vn feel ke giving up .
Encouraging yourself ht yo an wk perfectly wl for o .
To sed up the larning process , o need to red many comic boks in the laguge tat y want to learn . It will be hard to understand everying that ou rea but t pctures in he mic oks wil help yo .
In time , you wil get to learn may ew wods .
You ls eed to choose books by yo favorite athrs .
Ths is importat because u understand ter w of witin nd the wi be easy to unerstand . Erlling on diffeen forus ta are in the language you want to learn will be of great el to you .
Howeer , you need to chose forums with eoquent speakers as it is the only way you wi ai much .
Hey Joh !
o a tigs gog ver there ?
Is Ms. Gretchen stl giving yu trouble ?
Have you made any progress on your webst project ?
I 've been vey sy lately .
I 've got a lt of assinents to ork on .
And ts depressing weather is st making e stution worse .
Anyway , I s tnking maybe u could el me u it thi latest n . I 'm suposed to do some resarch on eating customs around the ord n I figured , nstea of jst oin a quick serh on Google an grabbing sething f a ikipeda article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on he habits of th Enlis .
If I quote y in my work , I might sce a few xra marks .
So , what 's the ypial Engish apprac to nutritional nes ?
Waiting to hea back from y ,
Yo friend Hugo .
Propsal for the introduction of a sprts ctiviy .
Introduction
Srts are all arud the community .
hy improve our health an help people interat ith each oter .
Tho re a few reasons why it is important o us as a helthy group of people to have facilities in which we ca pracse hee inds of actvities .
The chosen one
In my opinion , running is one of h most hepful port when it coms to starting to ve a g i , in particular for thos pole wo ha not ben ong ny kid of physical acivity fr a og tie .
hi acivit will not demand huge monts of oey to be done a , with an nsignificant investment , wol help a large group of people who desprtely need it .
Minimal investmet wih hue benefit
To sar unnng , this community ill ed a w thins .
To bei wi , it is mporant tha the government develops a program which creates soci aarenss .
A significant part of h population in thi twn do not ow e importance of practising sors and aving a healthier if .
Once pople know all the benefits this spor has , they will ned a spae to practise it omfrtably .
With hi in id , money would be spent on constructing a running track whe no - o would av to rry about rffic or bstacles in their w .
Benefit for all es
There are lmost no cotraindications to pracisng ti sport , so almost everybody in the tw a the oppotunit to y it at lat once .
This actvity not only improves yor body n health , but also helps ou av positive thouhts , making evrone feel happier .
Cncluson
In my opinion , improving the practc of his sport will be a gra investment or r ommunity d wl ae a great pact on our health and in our everyday livs .
e lecture and he redin asage both discuss hw to stop th spread of cane toads in Australia .
However , the lecurr args gainst the reading passage .
e radig passage mentions tre ways to prevent cane toads rom spreading , while th speaker offers tee resons to rfte the reading pasag .
h first point , sugeted by the ectuer , is that a naionl fence an n tp cane oads rom spreading .
The ne toads ' egg d young cane toads can pread to other area fro t sreams n rers .
Unless the national fence cn prevent th egs and young cane toads fom moving through the waterways , h fence is usess .
Thus , the ectue dispute the idea mentioed in e article that building a nationa fence culd prvet the spreading .
The lecturer 's econ argument invlve caturing and destroying h toads sig volunteers .
It is argued in the listening passage ta utraned vouneers could ar the tive frogs , which are endangered .
Becuse the young frogs lok alike , it is posibe that the volunteers will kill frogs other tan cne toads .
In short , the lecturr uestios at is staed in the reading pssage that we could revent the spead by volunteers caturig he cane toads .
Finally , it is argued in the listening passage that a disease - causing virus that killed th toads ould be a disaster .
Th lecuer says that if the virus was brought to the original habtts of cane toads in South America , it would cae ecological amae to the lcl ecosyste . To u up , the lecrer outs t method mentioned in the reaing werey a specally desined virus oul specifically harm cne toads and prevent them from spreading .
To conclude , te lecturer isagres wi he ideas in th pssag by presenting three convicing reaos .
Natial fenc , volunteers , ad virus are t good solutions to h problem of ca tods spreding .
" Mission : Impossible " soars aai wi stunning fifth outing !
It it hard to believe at Hollwood superstar Tom Cruise is till able to einvnt hiself nd carry the weght of a lockbuster fanchse like te " Misson : Imossible " series , mch mre so afte coidering the fact tt he is now in is early fifes , and still loos as fresh as he did in th 25-yea - old " Days of Thunder " .
To sta , " ogu Nation " ollows t same bac formula of the ovie precedn it : as - paced action , a fcs on the esponage and gadgetry of the ore team , and se of the most breathtaking t pieces Hollywood has to offer .
ogether th a solid foe and e dft and stylish hand of director Chritophe McQuarre , al elemnts combine to give this fifth outing a refined sense of urgecy , perfecting t pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
inlly , a special mention goes to Joe Kraemr 's suerbly rilling coe , jst a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchestral action musi .
Wh all thigs coidered , t bttom lne is that ruis & Co hv delivered wa has to be considered as th fiest film in t series t .
e social ebte betwen progress ad radtions has een gon on o centuries .
Through our cutos , we clerate ou pa a ke our cultural heritage alive .
But it is also becaue of hes ses of beliefs , mstly of religious orgns , ha some societies fail to evolv and respond to the eer - changing needs of all of their people .
e of the main advantages of cultral practices is that they allow societies to maintain eir idetities an gain economic stability .
In ot Lati American countries , milenary practices suh as silversmithing , n oly kee the region in touch ih its eriage , but they av become h ole souce of income or many commnities .
Natons like Mexio and eru , ih internationally recognized cuisines , hae taken advantage of their culinary roots ad bosted the prouctin of ocally grwn fod , ie chipote peppers and quinoa , to brin enomic gowh to teir agriculture sectors .
On t other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is that religious beliefs have kt thee ver ame poplations rom social d uan rights progress .
Gay mriage d reproductive rhts re ot recognized by the Cosa ican and mos Lai governments , al because of t set of beliefs of a percentage of her community .
In conclusion , traitions shold be chrished ad ept alive for future generations .
Hoeer , the sfekeepig of hee ractices shold nevr becme a priority er the wellbeing of the collective .
Prgress an traitions re not opposites in a society wher resec a tlerance o othrs is h priority .
er Yaser ,
As p ou meeting , we will be waiting r yur input regarding the folowig points :
1 . Pospai roing clls , RC nd GPRS
2 . ostpad raming markp
3 . Peaid MS
Dr Umir ,
Wha is the ecommended source for extracting he prepa roaming reenus ?
Rears ,
Ibrim Guirguis
" Prison a long been the traditional pnisment r people who commit rimes .
Se people believe , however , that cmunity svice rders are oe appropriate in so cases .
en do o thnk that it is iht to order people to work in he community to py for thei crimes ? "
In recent years , th most cmmn punishment for riminls s been prison .
There are crain eople who believe community service ders are me adeuate in some ases .
Pepl wh bra the law , hold be ordered to work in te community in rer to pay for their midees , when they hve done a minor offence or if thy ha ctd unintentionally .
Community ervie order are more propriate than prison punishmnt when people have ate unintentionaly .
Sendig riminal to prison is a seiou verdic for peope that have mad a mstake .
Nobody is sinless and peopl should not be treated as seriously as bein sn to jail .
For example , graffiti makrs in Bulgaria are sent to rison for 4 year .
This is unfair , becse they do not do any harm to the environment nor to society .
It is eter that they do a certain munt of community wor , f exampe clean of their grafiti , wih will teac them how hard it is to ean off gaffti , and hus , prevent hm from makg new graffiti .
Woring in he ommunit is more appropriate compaed to sding eople to prison whn criminals ha committed a minor offence .
Limiting people 's feedm ecase of minor , non - hmful to e sciet rmes is inhumane .
Everybody eseves freedo , despite thi crime .
Although their isdees should not be tolerate , I belev at ey had eter do some community wrk .
This wll help them understand tei mistakes d prevent them in futue .
For exmple , in Bulgaia , people wh li wn a lax on the grass in the park are sent to ail for 6 years , because they are consierd to be " dog seiou damge to t enviromnt nd reventing the park fom furher development " .
Cmmunit ervic orders should be used we eope have aced unintntionally and whn they hav ommitted a mnor offence , as his will hl the ealiz tei mistakes , wihou tem being limited in freedom by ein sent to prison .
is wil elp tem ealize their misaks d tu , quit mking te .
House at the Ed of the Street
Te ast moie I atched s House Nx Dr , a captivating hrillr tht stars Jennifer Lawrence , Eliabeth Sh an rk Thiriot .
Th lot is about a teenage girl who ves in wih he mote to hir dream house , hih was nex to a home where a orrible double homicide d taken place .
As oo as they move in , thy hea the rmor of the incient : a lttl il brutally murdered r parents in h midle of he iht nd disappeared , and the otr chl of te amiy recently moved in there .
As h movie dvelops , it has los of itersting turns ta le e viewer draw his / hr on conclusions .
I myself am a fa of horror movies , which ar highly predictable , so it a a geat satisfaction to s such a comlex fim .
The n compeely bl me away and I believ it was the best part of it .
The acting was smooth n credible .
lthouh it h bad revew , he ovie was ll receve by th audience ; ot to enton e fact th Jnnifer Lawrnce 's ppearane right afte the it of Hngr Game was great o dvrtising .
In oncluson , I highly recommend his film for thse who ik drama and pot twists .
Actually , I iend to stdy aw b , sie ere is no ' law ' in the subject choices , I choe economics .
I tink tht a law degree is such a pratical dgree n leal knowlede is applicable almost eveywhere .
I choe to study a because I tink ht law is very important in our society .
Without law , this world that we r lving in would not be in order a eace , t in chaos .
I believe that every human , organization an company has hir on rights an it is my duy to se my lgl knowledge to protect th from infringement of their rights .
My tudy plan is to udertake a pe - universty programme locally to prepare mysef for further studie overseas .
I aspire to further my studies in w at the Universiy of Cambridge .
I would oe to be in an intellectually stimulatig environment , beig surrounded by t brightest young ins rom al over t wor .
In my opinion , th exchage of thoughts n views beween al thee brilliant people is eactly where a totally new n creative idea will be sparked .
Almot every hme , office or school has a computer of some kind these days .
Many pepl ee that the machines are nw an essentia part of our les , but o necessary a tey really ?
O of the main avantages is t ime hat n be saved by uig a computer .
This is espciall eneficil in the workplace , where employees can do their wor fr faster than hey culd in the pas .
In addtion to th , computers can be educationa and f .
From a vey yun age , children n an basic computer skills through progras ha llo em to earn , rw , paint and ply .
In today 's technological world , hi knowledge cn only help the in te fture .
Howeer , thee e various negative aspects to uing compters .
Many obs have en lt due to the fact that compute ca do a lot of tasks mr efficiety tan huans .
This s led to gh uneployment in many countries .
What is more , coputers n atually cause health poblems .
Edess hours in front of a screen c cause ey strain nd headaches , which are serous sid - effcts .
To um up , it ses that cmputes are a usfu addiio to our fast - moving wold of hgh tecnology .
However , it mst be reembeed that thy re hr to erve us - nt to repac us .
Socia netwokng technlog is a too usd by people all around the worl .
Its purpose is to promote d aid communication .
However , I think tt this type of technology mih be doing ore harm tn good .
It is not onl chnging h we communicte , t how we ineract wit ea ther in daiy le .
A social networks hav their o pos an cons but certainly the are se social networks that afet us ore ha others .
In conclusion I can say tht the soca netwrk tat affects the population the mt is Facebook .
It may be on the erge of replacing tradtonal prsonal interactions for the next generaon .
It affects our lves in many ways , incuding r cmmuication , slf- expression , bullying , isolation , friedshis , an eve ou ve own sense of humanity .
On th netorking site , ses creat pages that represent them in some way .
They pos pictures of themselves n thir frieds .
Facebok hs ore a ffets on adolescents ha on adlt , who ar known to be ore atur abo wat they post an h they iterct online .
It is mor lkely ht adults wuld s ter profie ictues as a ay of casualy swing hemseles , their family , find new clients for their job or possibly a recent trip th took .
Teenagers , howve , us this technology in a way ta could be dangerous .
In ts stage of thir lives , the care more about their need to impress teir peers than maure reasing .
Comments th a left on thir aes mean more to he than words sad fac to ce .
Adults eed to ech teenagers the mportnce of nt busing social ntwork , especially Fabook .
Teacers at scol m impose moe restrictons that mke teeagers avoid usi ocal etworks in an extreme a .
At work , oses may reduce employee 's salaries if heir j ges affected ecause of distrctions that are causd by oial networks .
Proposal to improve the chool 's faciliies fo anguge learners .
Introducton :
Th aim of this propsal is to mk recommendations in ode to imove the schol faclities .
Aspec such as sac , intrne accss n materials will be discussed in order to mk suggesins to improv the service fo stuents larnig languages .
First , an inspection of h school 's faciltie as organise , in order to assess e schol premises .
Fm t isit , it s concludd that even if h majority of students express satsfaction with th spc , ome of them wish to have more classrooms that allow a more reasonable number of student per las .
Currently , each ass is given to 50 students which limits heir opportunities to experine oe - on - e activiti tha enhance thir learing process .
It would be advisable to acomodate classes in th ma building , which offers enough space for smaller classes .
Scondl , it ws urpising to discover the absence of internet access in the computer om .
Even if the ro as a considerable number of computs , e absence of inerne access does ot iv studens the opportunity to use e any websites that oud be useful to improve their languge skills .
Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access , which does o represent a high cot for the aademic board .
Access will give learners he possiility to us technological tools hat wl enur a etter experience whle learning langages .
Finly , authentic materials in foreign laguaes ere nt oun in the school 's librar .
It is crucial to povid studts with prited materias in th target lnguae .
Magazines a ewsppers allo learnrs to have direct contact it language in real contexts .
Thus , I sugge making ubscriptions to internationa magazins in orer to enic h school 's library .
Concusion .
I strongly believe hat if the ugestions made in hi proposal are gen attention , t sevice provided to languag learnrs will be stengthened and enhacd .
I elt a deep sense of ef - htrd n ilt !
How ould I cut t roe ?
How woud the enire world in general and he mountaineerng fraternity , in particula , jdge my decision ?
I must be prepared to abe myself in fot of h whole world from now !
I needed to urvive in light of h fat that it was impossible to hul Joe up to afet .
I could be puld er the snowy clff by o 's ll in my effort to ul im up inste .
I was no to blae for him having injured h e .
I rid to justify my w horrible actin .
I needed some consolation to return to a state of psyhoogical nrmalc ; it was a step twards survival .
Picking mysf up slowly afte t numbness aroun my waist d p ha subsided , I kn I had little time to apportion blame to Joe or mslf .
Afe all , we were in a tem in search of psonal glory to be he frs to evr clim h west fac of this Andan monain !
I d to look o ep ; there was ttle time to se .
erhap there was every chance that Joe cold ave surved the al !
Only God knows !
So I began to pray in ernest .
I felt strong enough to moe abo , looking for my compass nd map in he rucksk on my back .
Eer since I strted laning nglish , I have found watchig TV series qit and , especially thse which are perfectly subtiled , in ordr to follo the plt properly .
In fact , it is quite useful if o e ctuall inersted in improving yo ills , wen it comes to listenng d seaking .
On th ohe hand , I ave be in search of a series which cches my tention and it oo me a very log ti unl I finally put my fnger on it .
The TV series known as Downton Abby is h best I have ev seen , a in the fllowin lies I would lie to explain why .
It is et in Egland uing and after te Firs Wrl ar .
T whole lt takes place in te area called Downton , the castle of Earl Lrd Gratham , hi faily and the service sff .
Although h story is foced on the Lor 's family , th service saff as an importan part to pla , as he old is hanging continuously n the noility is becomn o - fshioned .
Te main point in his serie is hat every chaater has ben absolutely developed , th thei w characteristics and personaitie .
vn the background is cleverly hose , wich enhances the intriguing n dramatic script .
Needless to say , the actors a ublime and they give thi touch to thir role , specially Maggie Sit , who is on of my favourite actreses .
For of all these rasons , I highly recommend considering Downton Abbe to be inluded in ur to e lst .
I wh to apply or the Assistants & manageent upport for th " Ast Allocation & Mar Research " ( AA&MR ) oition as I elieve it is in perfect aigment wth my skills an rofessinal xperence .
My penultimate position was as chief xecutive of a ompany wt photocomposition , whch was follwed by the creation of a publication serve srvng h " Sll Side " departmnt of Pict , then Helvea deostrated my sense of organizaion d easy adaptation to new environments .
My goal s always be to ombin speed wit qaity , usg good organization sils a an excellent matry of different thnological tols .
I posss very god knowledge of page lyout software .
Furthermoe , I am fuet in the English language , with goo writing skills .
Conscientious by naure , I awys striv to be thorough in my wor , to be diliget , and consistently complte my asks .
In addiion , I am a team play with good interpersonal sills .
I wod be glad to furte expand pon what I can offer in an interview .
Yours fathfully ,
NB : In addition , in case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of e alary f a perod of to years .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to hear frm you d I 'm so happy that u are cong to gypt ti summer .
el , firs of l , thr r a lot of ctivities o a do for fn , such as visiig sme historical aces at are atractie for ma tourists .
Snc you re coming in sumer , you sold visit Sharm or Hurghada fo me sea activities like swimming , diving and snoreling .
bout or , since you ar a native speaker of Englih and y hae an ida about teaching English as a second anguage , ou can apply to eching enters that offer jobs r atve peaker of English .
They will py u a reasonable slay .
nd it wil be good preparation for your studies at ollege .
I hope to hear from you soon .
est wishe ,
Christina ,
Egypt .
I admit tht I do n't really eoy soap operas .
However , I lve in Brazil and there is no way out he it comes to soap operas .
Brazilian people re known f teir creativity nd enthusiasm fo oap operas .
T success of the soap oper depends on the hee , the people have to decide whether to reat to it or take an interest in it .
As a typical Brazilian , I ve a favorite soap pera . It is called loribella .
h sory is about a poor gil cled Floribella he is an eccentrc seastress . She has amazing friends and he have a nd together .
Se tarts to work for Miser Frederico , a oug and wealthy man who has three brothers to ake care of .
He is arrogant , t Flor is e only one h a clm him down in difficult situtions .
She all in love with him , bt unfrtunately , he is engaged ad his ancée is an wul person ho always tries to huiliate Flor .
I 'm afraid to ay that this so opera does n't have a app endng an I di n't ejy t end ethe , but I still recomend it , becas it 's a beutifl lov story and the characters are really amuing a e story is unn ad oely .
Despite its ending and ll others ods that it may have , I 'm still a bi f of Flribela n I ca n't wait to watch it again on etflix .
Yo should wac it to , so we an iscuss it together .
An by the wy , the soundtrck is aesoe , ou 'll be addicted to it .
king ce of nviroment a ecome an essntil need in ur daily lf .
Countries , states , ciies and een municipalities re cusing on o to include ree plans in their future wok plns .
Corporate Soia Responsibilit ( CSR ) is indicatd in mor than 90% of missin statements around the wold .
Saying that taking care of e environmen is not nly te ncern of citizens b als te atonal and interational oganizations .
As or my iy , th mar gves t environment h top priort and a bdgeted plan under the process of implementation .
awarness sessins have been de to explain the dfference betwen re - ue , ecycl an redce .
Different clr tah bags re dstributed to itizens to be use at me to searate h trash according to each matera .
In addition to tt , a law has ben enforced to plnt a tree in font of each uiling .
Also , flms on oaing birds were play to xplin e importance of birds in cleain the atmosphere .
It is orh entionng ha schols a cosiering the environment as at of t education system that sold be taught to students .
Fially , I 'm prod to say ha king cr of the environment is part of my and my family 's daily if .
Trsh distibution , usn reen product tat repect th ozone lyr , no wstig water d ay ohr actio .
I am wrting to apply fr the postio of asistnt professor of nlish th an emphasis on ninetenth - cntry mercan literature tha y dvetised on th Februry 20XX MLA o Information List .
I am a Dea 's Felow nd Ph.D. canddae at Z Universi , currently revising h final chaptr of my dissertion , and expecting to graduate in M 0XX .
I am cofidet tht my tecing eperiene d my research interests ae me an ideal candidate for your ope position .
Oe t ps five years , I have taug a arety of English couses .
I have taut a number of American literature surve ouses , as well as writing courses , incudig technical writing n first - yea writing .
I have extensive experence of wrking with ESL students , as ell as students with a variety of learning disabilities , ncluding dyslexia and dysgraphia , and dabilities like DD d ADHD .
I pde myself on reatin a classroom envronent tat accommodates the nes of my ndividal stdents while til promoing a hig levl of critical thinking and ritin skils .
ome of my mo saisying experiences as a eacer hve come fom helpin struggling student to grasp ificult cncepts through a cmbinatio of indiidual esions , cass activities , an gro discussion .
I kno I wou hriv as a teaher in yo clleg , ue to your belief in small clasrom iz and individuaized support for students .
t only does my teachng expeience su the need of yo school and department , but my research interests also t perfectly wih your escriptin of the ideal candidate .
My dissertation project , " Fens and Leaves : Nineteenth - Cetry male Authorial Spa , " examine the se n development of Amerian fmale authors in he 1840s and 1850 , wth a particuar focus on atters of magazne publication .
I argue that , rather tan bin submissive to h requremets of the editor or publisher , female authors in fact developed a moe transparently reciprocl relationship beween themselves and their readers ha has prviously een assumed .
I apply reent pint - culture n book - htory heor to my readings of novel , magazine articles , letters , n iary entries by various female uthrs , with a particularly focus on Sa Willis ( knon by her pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
I la to deveo my dissertation into a bok manusript , and contne to reserc the role of fmae writers in antebellum magazine culture , with a particular fcus on the rie ad inluece of fele magazine editors on liteary ulture .
My reseah interests have both shaped and been shped by my recent teaching xperiences .
Last spring , I developed a taug a couse on he history of print cuture in America .
I ombind readins on theory and lteratue tat ddrssed ises of print wh visits to loa istorica mueums nd archives .
My students conducted in - depth studies on partiular texts ( magznes , newspapers , novels ) for their final papers .
I eliev my interdiscipinary teaching style , particularl my emphasis on mateia culte , ould f in well with th interdisciplinary nature of your English department .
I am therefre conident tht my teaching experiece , my skill in oring wh E and LD sdents , a my research interests all make me an excellent candidate fo th assistant pressor of Engish positin at ABC College .
I ve attched my curriculum vitae and th w requested ample publications .
I old be happy to en you ay additional maerials such as letters of reerence , teaching evaluations , a as and propos course syllabi . I will be availble to mt with you at eihr the MA or C19 conference , or nyhere else at ur convenience .
Tank you so mu o or consdeation ; I look forward to heaing fo you .
Not so long ago , I watched film clle " 47 Ronin " .
The ction takes place in Japan , in e tm of samurais and wices .
T ain hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by eeyone , sold into slaery , csen by fte to exact revenge , wo will become one of 47 wrriors ta defy death .
Appearing from another world , he will rise up against h darkness to protect his forbdden oe .
I liked this film because of mny tngs , bu mot of l I liked he ostumes .
They were ey different ad very colorful , but at the sm im corresponded with te me period of the film .
ih this im , I was able to get a clear idea about traditions d custs of tat time .
I as likd the plot built on the bsis of a apanese legend .
And I ut ca n't fore to mention e beutiful scenery and realistic spcil effects .
I think ohr people will like it as uc as I did , because it is a vey intresting an exiting story out rue love ha lves throu ie and pace , a about real friendship d oyalty .
A tranortation vehicle that h chagd people 's lives .
That trasportation exerts a far - reacin influence on pole 's daily routines ad lifestyle is true .
N only that , hat prides telf as the most influential ehicle - as most pope recognize - is e automobile .
There are people who have neer idde a bicycle , d peopl who have never been on an irpane , b it old be hard to find a person w as nevr been in a car .
It is generally belieed th the invention of th car as led to te ispersion of h pulation out of urban centers , to te grwth of the subub .
Prior to t automobile , is the ors and wagon life , it ws t easible f people to live fa fo their ple of work .
Te gowt of te sububs changed the ce of American soity , bringing with it a whole different wy of life .
Moreovr , it h ld to an mportant expansion in commerce , rsulting in the growth of th ubquitous shppig mlls , departmnt stores , serving as a powerful pull or tourism .
What greatly incresed moblit eds to sinifiant changes , additionally , es in various lifestyles .
Ben able to live far from o 's workplace , people ca travel far and wi for pleasure and indue themselves in a remarkable tip .
It may be for a y , a we , or a oner period of time .
In the urban city , the ar is by far te most common mod of transportation n has gratly impacted on th growth of h tourist idustr .
We are beginning to e people in countre with cas gin ut of the cy on weekend a holidays .
Though goo enough , te growth of he popuation nd mobity do t tel he whol sry .
hi powerful vehicle is consdere tal fr nther reason : being an inisensable facto in many respects .
It is the key th supports my industrial iels , uc as sel , machinry , plasis .
e wle business uccess would not have reaced pefection wihout the help of transportation to distribte their materials and commodities well .
at bu o least , th bomin prosperity otn parallels th number of b in h city .
Although othe forms of transporttion may be more comfortable , no as changed he way we do busiess an live or liv more han the cr .
Thanks to the spe , excitment , and convenience of as , o lives are enriched .
Travelling to Jan through fo !
The ewet Japanese etaurant in town - Ohan restaurant - is th place to be on a Fray ght .
Its atosphere is that of an l Budhist temple situated on a ontain somewhee in Japan .
The staff 's clothes are bautifully coloured and , blieve it or not , a of te are Japanese nd an spk Enlish fluently .
T momnt you go thrgh e huge wooden doors , the music sets yu ak io the Meiji Era n you feel ke you are about to meet a vry mportant smuri .
What made it a sucss was e enu an he wide vriey of Japanese food .
What I particuarly apprciated a tat you can st arund th cfs nd watch them prepare t fo .
It 's really delicio !
Unfortunately , the usic was a bit too lou or my tast .
After eiht o'cock , a professional band of musician sta playing traditional Japese music and it cn be a bit loud .
Th ne to focus on that a bit more .
However , oerall I thnk ha this new restaurant has h potential of beming vry popular in a sor time due to the food and the grat atmosphere .
he taf is lo very friendly .
You really should go and ry ti amazing resturant at h frt opportunity .
I fuly intnd to go the next time I ve the chce and try the Hokkaido Natto .
Work a soil lfe bh pay mportant roles in puttng people 's ives together .
Some peple ted to think tha heir bs have mre ffect on hir happines , while ohers seem to believ that thei ocial life s more of an influence .
In my opnion , my scia inerction balanes my life mre tha my wrkig experience os .
As a result , I beieve that my social life s mr of an effet on my happiness .
Tere are several rason to support my position .
First of l , family and riends whom we love always offer their suport to comfort us .
Wi the icreasin competition in th wrkplace , people bar more nd ore stress .
Th ompanionshi of ur loved nes is alas te best solution to release our pressure .
For xample , evy day it seems that an extreme tight deadline is always chaig after me and making me breathless .
Meanwhile , I alys el exhausted and barely ae any enegy to ta ith anyne after a lo dy at wk .
owever , I can alway recove my energy after havin a ie little chat ih my family or fries .
Theeore , the hapiess derid om my social connections helps to alevite the tress relaed to wo .
In addtion , attedng social actiities iens my ife 's experiences wholesoely .
Take my yoga class , f example .
Sine I joined the yo studio , I hve me a lot of w frieds .
esies yog , most of he also ve nmerou othe interests , like hiking , ogging , and baking .
Meahile , they ar friendly an willing to share her knowldge wih me .
Both acquiing e knoldge ad making ew frens ke me feel hap .
Theefore , an acive social ife ot nl benefits my mental halth but so keps me in a good od .
Lastly , som pole may think hat co - workes naturaly melt nt u social lif , since we send so much time in h workplace .
This might suggest that bin rrounded by pole at wo with who we nd to socialize would have more of an effect on u emotions .
However , mot of te time , pple maintain a god relationship with the co - workrs in order to acmplish thir ommn tak armoniously .
On te other hand , peopl e willig to discus seriou matters with her amily nd friends because of teir shared bond of trust .
r exale , we tk abou something trivial , such as ripes and ossi , it ou collague .
Cnversly , we share r deepet wries and problems wit our close amil nd frids because we are not frad of exosing our weaknss to the people hm we trut .
At the same time , we will ls pay or atentin to the peoe whom we love .
Therefore , te or deply r emions interact , the mr greaty our happiess is influece .
In concluion , because of inimate supor , growth in ife xpriences , and emotonal interacion , I agree wih e statement that my social lfe a more of an effect on my happiness ta my ocupaton does .
In other words , evn though I can g temporary apiness from acomplishing a wrk task or giing a comlment from my co - workers , peronally , I think I obtain mo permannt njoment an sisfaction fo engaging d intercting with t eole tht I love .
As a result , I belie ht my ocal li inluences my prsoal happiness more tha my job os .
A alancng at
The doorbell rang .
hen I oeed the do , imagine my surprise ... hre was a large box saning in front of e doo , addressd to me , and I h never receid packages befo !
h only post vr sent to me ws a brthay card , sent by my grandmother befoe he pasd awy .
Still a t surprised , I gabbed the ox , which proved to be no icnc , as it fet as if it ha been filed wth rok .
Nonetheless , I managed to remov the box rm the ground an stggered through the doorway , in he direction of h living room .
ile wlkig , I pid all my attention to carrying th box .
If only I a looked a bit oe carefully where I paced my feet ...
nyway , I did n't noie h skateboard wic la in rnt of my feet .
Wn I stepped on it , I ost my balance and th box fell on the round .
I had h sun of breaking glass .
Immediately , I oped the b n fond a short etter , aying : " ar Jane , here 's he inheritance fro your gradmothr : her glass t servie ... "
There is no dob that travelling by car is e mo cofortable option , but claiming that public transport s no futur is too much .
Mn peole us public transport on a daily bais .
Ter are eopl who would n't be abl to trave if it was n't for ublic tansport .
Chilen d elderly eople ca n't have a divin lcens , so if hey nee to go somewhee , using public tansort is thi ny option .
Travellng by cr is al very detrietal to the environment .
In big cities , the air is ery pollued becaue tre are to many ca . Travelling by ublic transport reduces the mpct on the environmnt , smethng that most peoe a awr of , t still they pefr to s their n vhicle .
Using public transpr can lso save tim , sice yo do n't have to spe time looking for a ace to park your car .
I defnitely think that puli transport ill ontinu to be vry important in he fuure .
In general , shopping is aociated with somethng peasant , but unfortunately tis is not alays tu .
There a some resons w people lev shs in a bad mood , or even do n't wnt to go nto them .
Shopping is no always enjyabe .
F some people , shoping is n of tei obigation .
r others , it is ovral a pleasant exeience tey a ot enjoy as much as the would like .
Firtly , shopng my be uncomfotble , becuse more often an no we can ea tring sic thee , saleswomen cn be too intusie n the queues are usually vey long .
Sometimes wmen go to the store jut to lo at the w stf , to look around , and uestios askd by salespele make us ngry .
In ddiion , shoping is als a problem r mn .
It is said that e an who goes shopping for more than one or is ary and tired .
Sometimes it is lo a problem for women w wat to go shoping with her partnr .
To sum up , doing shopping is unavoidable , so we c mae everyday shopping ore enjoyale .
o xample , we an take at least one family membr with us .
Thi is a gret opporunity to ped so qaliy time together , exchange idas a opinions ; opt f eveing hoppin , specifically about half an ou bfor te stores lose if you want to aid bi crds ; if possible , choose only one store for ur everyay shopping .
Gig om one store to anote can waste ur time , cost o a lot in gas , as wel as mentally and physiclly exhaust y ; hn it comes to prdcts tat yu reglaly use , buyn in bu is the best option you have , sin that y ou get a iggr quantiy o a lower ric ; or just choose online shoppng - a grea way to mk you purchases fo the coort of your own me , without haig to go t on a rainy a , el with isy ( a ometies even smelly ) crowds , spend mny on g and wait in uge queues .
First of all , I would lk to begin by givin sme information about e ci whr h plae th you will be visiting is ocated .
T it of Istanul is one of the famous and crowde citis of Turkey , wich constitutes the country 's economic , culual , and hisoricl heart .
The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Itanbul is among e largest cities in te world by population wthn the cy limts .
T Historical Peninula is e cete of ancient Isanul here the fou major empires were rld fo .
There re an histrical plcs in he Historicl ninsula such as mosqs , churches d palaces .
The most important oes are Hagia ophia , opkapi Palace , Sulanahmet osque , Suleymaniye osqu , Yeni Msqu , the Grand Bazar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazi Tor and the Spic Bazaar .
I would like to touch on se of hem .
gia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 7 , cnverted to a mosque after te conuet of Istanbul , and is now beng usd as a museum .
okapi lace a built in t 10 's and the Ottoman Empire was rue fm his alace for 380 ears .
The Grand azaar is o of the larst coeed markets in he world and it hs more than 4,00 shops .
It is wel knn for its jewellery , pottery , spic , leather and carpet shops .
Basilica Cistern as bult in he 6th century and is t larges of sevral hundred aniet cisters tat til lie neath he ty of Istanbul ; 1 by 65 meters , it a holding capacity of 80,000 cubic mers of wat .
Beyzit owe is 85 meter tall located in the courtyard of Istanbul Universit 's main campus in yazıt Squar .
h Spce Bazar is the second largest covered azaa after the Grand Bazaar .
It stnds et to Yei Moque .
You can id mny types of pics , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , et .
Actually , I was ased to recommen only one plae , but t Histocal Peninsula is an ea were thoe istorical dsticts gt together .
I op th information given is seful for o .
Dr Sir or Madam ,
I am wrting in regrd to some portant doumnts I left in my otl rom during my sy .
Las week , I attedd the C&A meeting as oe of e maor spakers .
The followng convesation a so engaging that I fogt the time and , as a resul , I as ate for my departure for Chicago .
In my hur , I forgot to cllect a fw critical ocuments .
I am no completely certa , but I reember th t st im I sa the wa ear the tiny blue table located in te left - nd corner of h room .
I am contacting y bcase hos papes are sesitive to my company .
Therefr , I eed those apers .
As ou can imagine , thy are cnfidetial and they should be handled wih cauto .
I feel extremely woried t to have picked them up . I wld be very graeful if ou culd have a look in the rom .
If you nd them , could y send the to my office by post ?
I am willing to p fr postal charges .
I am ooking forward to hearing frm you soon .
Your faithfull ,
John X.
Eveybod has gols that the want to achieve .
Haig goals in life will make one 's le mningful and purposeful .
As f my dreams r e upcomig year , I hnk I have two dreams in life th I will do my et an try rd to reaie .
They re studying at an Englh university abroa an becoming a programmer .
First , I want to aend an Engih univerity brod .
Being ab to tud at an nlish university wil give me the opportunity to gt a beter job ad an exciting experience .
As we al kw , nowadays , English profiiecy is on the list of th required skils to be eployd and the market highl demans it .
ecodly , the exeriece o gets from a multicultural ediu is very valuble and makes oe ore maure ,
and I feel hat only an oerseas nglis university n ffer tha .
Second , I want to be empyed as a prrammer .
The ar mny reasons why I wt to be a programmer .
Primarly , because eing a developer is my dream j and , scondl , becse developers ae a lot of mne .
I hae wanted to be a programmer nce I a 14 years o .
I was fascinated by this fid of sciec .
In addition , earning a far amount of mony is essential to building my lie .
For example , if I want to ary in the fture , I have to be abl to sed my kis to a dect schoo d prvid them wth wa they want . t to mnton wedding party expenses .
To s up , grduating fo an Englis university an then becoing a pogrammer ar urrenty my ai aims .
aving a od job an a high salary il mak my life richer and more rewarding .
Wth the dvet of privatey owned vehicles ike t car , an individual 's dependce on public transport has rtainly been reduced .
owevr , that beng sid , in my opinio , there is stll a futr fr public transport .
I 'd like to highlight he actors that would sppot my opinion in a certain ord tht pertains to a wder acceptance .
Firt of ll , frm a cost perspective , pubic tranpot is uch cheaper comared to a car , esecialy when a st - reduction concept ike ' c polig ' is nt ollowed .
T financi bnefi tha publc tasport gives to the common a is secd to none , especially in common situations lke lo - distance omutes r daily work .
In addition , from a ' time saving ' ngle , ncreasd usae of blic transport eults in reducing raffic and heping peope reach their detintions quicker by avoidng bein delayed in traffic jams nd at lghs .
ro an environmental perspective , the u of public transport ensres that abon emissions from automobiles are preentd , helping to preserve te alance of naur even in i citie ik Tkyo and Delhi , where t carbn emissons are ey hh .
Modern TV is worth every pun
Cookery programmes , films , documentaries , talkshows … It 's clear tht there e lots of different progrmes on TV nowadays .
ybe you tik of television as a wst of oney .
In tht case , I ca guarante ou that today 's telly is definitely worth the money .
It 's true that there are lts of reats on TV and hre may be an prrammes you read as poor quality .
Hever , there 's alwys a channel tht brodcsts a new episode .
esides that , it 's very likel that o ca find sme programmes you like amongst l t tras bcause of e wide variety .
In adtion , the price of watching television o a whole mont is much oer than the price of tickets fr e cnema to watch a film fo only two hurs .
Mreover , when you si in front of the TV in your own hous , ou wo n't get rriated by stranger , which m happen in the nema .
In my opinion , TV provies something for everyone 's taste nowadays , includn god quality programmes , fo a reasonable rice .
It shoul be posble for eveyone to ejoy watching television !
Dear Mr. Tipple ,
I am iting in resonse to your advertiement in today 's edition of " he China News " to apply f e position of Clb rganizer .
During t past five years , I he bee organizing variou events not jt in England , but also in t United States and Porugal .
I have a great deal of experienc wring mainl wt people between th ages of 18 an 30 eas old .
However , I have also previously wrked th older pople .
As well as bein ar wokig and methodical , I am organized .
Furtemore , I have an excellent relationhip ith the ople I wr with , alhough I very often trike peole as bossy and unfriendly .
As a maer of fact , when ou get to nw me better , I am very helpful .
Please note that I am available to atten an interview .
I ry mch hop you ill ta my application into consideration d I ook foard to hearing from u .
Yrs Sincerely ,
Crstiano Nzaro Tejada Ciel
Toay I an to talk with yu about he prcess of makng ban nts .
We use cah very day and it is of great imortanc to ou dai lif .
Als , we ee to know how it is made .
Firsty , om things about desin must be take into consideration .
o only e background clor , bt we also ee to coose the artwork .
Apart rom that , we alo need to design scurit featurs .
econdly , we av to do some preparation of metal ples .
After hat , we now ed to print them ou .
A she includ 50 bak notes .
vey ban note should be coloure oth ies and we even need to u specia ink in case of bing coped .
inally , afte eing printe , every bk ne needs to be mauall ispected .
Some good quality eets will be packaged n dstibuted to the mrket but he ad heet will be disposed of .
Maybe there will be om artially damage sheets , so he bank notes il be separated into good and ad .
The main features of hese bank notes re good qualty an t effort made by bank works .
So do n't loo down on he bank notes in or hand w ; tey re precious .
Petr looked at his watch and knew tat he had to do somthing immediately .
The day before , he nd is wo st friends , Louis and cas , were playing footll ner the poie station , when Lois n ucs strtd arguing with eachoder .
It got out of control a they started fghtin .
Peter tried to stop them but it wa impossible , so he tid to fin somebody to eparte hm .
He did n't find anyone , so he rabbe Louis an trie to calm tem own .
Lucas wantd to apologise ad forget wat happened , bt Louis wa ealy angry , so Lcas decided to go hm .
Pter let go of ois becaus he thought hat it a sae , but ois caug e ball d tried to hit Lucas .
he ball wnt stright through e police station ndow and brke e glass .
Peter got so scred that he ran awy .
Lous g caught and td the police th Lucs w h ne tha had brke it .
T police wet to shoo to talk with Lucas and ry to id a fair punishment .
Peter knw ht Lucas was n't guilty but he nd Louis had bee est friends since elementay shoo , he had to make i decision and he only had two mntes until they oo Luas to h police stton .
eter got up and ld the olie what real haened . ouis ied to aplogis , bt it was to lte .
Louis had to p fr the window and ls ean the schol 's catee or t mths , but he relizd that what he i as wrong , so he aologised to Lucas .
he decided to foret what happened an sa friens .
he end .
he en into th " reading om " where there re thousands of books and e hid between two hue bookcases .
It seed that e man in the wheelchair w lokng fr somthing bt sudenl , he took a copl of ooks and pu them into a hidden pocket in h wheelchair .
uickly , ngie r to the store detectie to tl m wha h had seen .
Unfortunately , th thief was moe intelligent hn tem beause while ty were seaing , he ould ru wy with the boos tat he had just stolen .
Angie nd he soe detective n aftr " the false disaled man " bu he a younger and , obviouy , he n fster .
Wen it seemed mpossibl to cth im , a girl , who was crossing the stre in a wheelchair , crashed nt the thief and he fe down on h pavement .
Becas of tis , the sto detective was able to catch the ief and recover all the books .
To xress he gratitude , Angie called the grl an " hoorary ctomer " of her boksop and gave er a crime nvel collection as a present .
hn the Amrican seris ' House ' w first broadcast on TV , it immediately hooke the audience .
Te unuual scenai and the great cto , uh Lurie , made the result really inovative f a TV series .
It is bsed on Dr. Gregory Huse , a reputable diagnostician h ue strne and soeimes inappropriate pproahes in order to id out what is rog with his patients .
He only gree to tk on cse oboy else can ove and mos of the tme he succees .
e to an unsuccssul operation he a on h e , he is addicd to painkillers which he makes severl attempts to deto fr motivated by hi ol frnd Dr. Wilsn , but he neer really wants to , so he ge addicted again .
He is sarcastic and often en , whh drives peopl wa rm him .
Nevrtheess , he is willing to do literally anhing to sa a patient 's life , though he sometimes goes o r .
e series had a gret appa in many contres , which is demonstrated by h eight seasos that wer produced .
His revolutionary behaviour nd the at th he e nobody resain hm ar te reasons for the sere ' huge succs .
lso , the medica cases r intriguing and , although someone with no mdica knwedge may ot understad mch , the struggle to save a erso 's life captures everyone 's interst .
e inovtive aspect of ' Hous ' is that he ofn tak illegal actios , for example brking nto a patient 's house to investigat environmental factr which y have csed th particular dieas , and he is hardy ever punished or it .
I beliee uh ppularity is well derved , as art fr i scenario , it a , on he whole , qalitative .
My on objection is that it sometimes wn too ar , which md t audience dislike Dr. House .
Nevertheless , it is disinct from other medical series as he contantly tins outid of the box .
h first tie I hea about volleyball , I was in my last secondy scol yea ad we re invited to cheer on a loal eam dring a regonal tournament in im , eru .
I as amazed by the atmosphee at t Coliseum , with its hiy wooden court , e noisy peop around it , that har sound of h referees ' whistes ... Ten I decided to take up th gme .
I neer imagined hw hard t raining was , how tiing and demanding th excises were and how difficult to conto the all was .
Once I g f enough , I strtd enjoying the game , learning its trategies , developing pesonal n group skil d hvin fn at te sae me .
I would strongly recommend young people to tae up ts ort .
They wl soon be enggd in a health , defiant and never boring actvit and also wl develop strong bonds with eac ther , responsibility and cmpromise .
Volleyball is the bet sport ee !
ntroduction
The aim of this proosl is to prsen sggestions regaring the ws in hich t etra fundin col be used for the eefit of the tudnts and , indirectly , for the benefit of the lol community .
Needless to s , in ode to combt he rising tide of social polems in Hamshir , h Education Authorit decided to icreae und or the edational sector .
port Club
Sporng activities might bot the studet s ' overall condition and this is he rson why they are necessary .
It is well known that physical ctvity contributes to improving physical and enta halth .
rma ub
This kin of clu will llow students to express thei feelngs in a no - violent manner , learn how to manage their reaions an develop creative tlent .
A drama cl wil make examning plays such as Shakespeare 's more enjoyae hn soly studyig them will .
Cookery asses
Cookery classs are very imorant becse studnts he ae young dlts tat need to have aic skils suh as cooing in order to mange themselves and live an independent lfe .
Cokin classes wil help suents spend less ney on eing ou and he ll start eating moe ealthiy becaus by makig their ow foo they ll be more aare of wht they a eatig .
DIY Casse
" Do it yurelf " casses improve practical skills .
As most college student will on leav for uniersity and will lv in dorms , without ther paent , te r oblig to ix malfuntios by themselves .
T information te acquire durig these urses il help them for e rest of eir lvs .
Citizenship classes
Another kind of classes tht are necssary are citizenshi classe as teenagers noways are eficien in this field .
hes curse will develop the civi sense of students n te wl trt eting involved actively in sciet .
Colusion
h overall puros of the acions is to kee yung alts in shool and to educate te .
Th Edction Authoriy believes that ocial proble are iked with a decrease in partcipation in extra - crricular activities and it suggests that h collee should ue extra undin to solve his issue .
Ogaising lbs and courses such as the nes mentioned above wou enure the imprvemen of the sitation .
TV Toda : chance or hazard ?
Today 's televisin is he paradigm of our soiey , because of dozens of new channels consntly poppng up nd oly very e controls re doe on th quality of wa is actually broadcast .
So , TV , which could be an ivaluble sure of information and entertainme , atually is becoming a big issue for th development of o society and younger generations in particular .
The pottial risks or our unger generatios
Having eas access to suh a rich oering bfor aving developed t abiiy to ak correct choices or fitr the infomatio rceived , r chldrn and young peope re constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracte by the ne who seem te most winning nd cool ones , without any chanc to distinguish if he a be ake as a guie to thi groth or not .
The absence of parents or t fac hey uually av no cntro or way to div the coics makes me very orried abu t future of ur soiey .
Back to th ful potential
It 's not t le , though , to t to bring r beved TV back to te importance whic radi had fo o parents ad gradparents , we ony need to see it as a potential new ocil problem and stat a procss of conol a continuous iproveent , maybe giving th most virtuous tworks the chanc to be highlghted .
I elieve that if public rasport has no future , then ur evironmnt wil nt have one either .
The car is sometime rpresented as an co of freom ; moreover , owning a moen r is sometimes relate to wealth .
Compaed to t use of public transport , ne cn n deny th convenience of usng a car or ovng rund .
Howeve , he ue of pulic transport , especially in dnsely populated cties , allows eope to save ti hle commuting to their sdy or wokplace , as ains a trams do nt get stuck in traffic jams .
It n only heps reduce olluion , but also allows users to se money in a world where he cost of gasolie is exponentially ncreasing .
I believe ht ople sould limit the e of their ars to special occasins , such as rd trips or lo - weekend leisure activities .
Only by din so will we help to kep our atmosphere ee of C eisions and all the ri consquences they ha .
Der cm director ,
Helo , my name is Zarina .
I read about your summer cp on the internet a I would lve to work with yo .
I 'm 16 years old , tll , extroverted , very energetic nd cheerful and fiendly .
I love kids , a I 'm very outgong .
I think I can be ey helpful to yor am , helping yo ak cae of the kd ad also helpg you in t kitchen , because I really ov to coo .
Besides , I relly need e moe for my family .
But I am din this because I really enjoy creaig actiities wth ks ad havig a great im with tem .
When I ws youge , I went to a cap , and it was one of the best memores I have , so it would be rally great to know I wold make some kids eel e se way .
I ealy hop you cept me in your camp , and I await you response wth ecitemet .
Thank ou .
Tay , I 'd lie to share ih you a smal but istric story , togeher with my ow vw on it .
I hoe you will le it .
In h hiorical , thre a a dyaty calle Jin , during hich ths stry took ace .
A little by called Lucky an , oweer , ws not so luck as s name suggestd .
At an rly age , he lost his mother to illnes .
As a result , in orde to be sure tt he could et th am lov fm a mother as ter chilrn , his ather maried another woan .
On te otrary , the reality s inconsistent wi wh he expeced .
Luc Wan 's stepmoth was such a snake - hearted woa that she did as ay rue thns as s culd to toure this poor oy .
One day in an especially chilly winte , Lck Wang 's steother got sk suddenly .
Not cocened ith t harsh enironment b h own appette , she emanded Lucky Wg make a delicious meal th fresh fs .
In desperation , he walked to e river bank .
Seig t fozn water surfac , he could do nothing but r .
As time flew , the n snk lttl by little , hic made Lucky Wn fl more and more helpless .
So dpressed was Luck Wang that he simply lay on the i weeping .
It as exacly hen he was hesitating whether to go home to face t beatings fom his stepmother or not tat two cap leape up out of e ce and flppe onto the bank in front of him .
Surprise and delighted , the boy too the fish home and prepared delicious fish sop o his stepmother .
Move by this ittl by 's filial devotion , his stepmother change hr attitude and started to love im rom er deep her .
Ever snce then , wat illed this family is just happiness a ove .
After listening to th short story , so people were deeply moved by the happy nding , however , other thought it as unrealistic .
No mater what the fact w , or een if it never happened , the story just wanted to emphasize the importance of Filial Piety .
en if it was a fiction , h goal to make ll h people in society be ilal could aso be achieved , which old kep te societ harmoniou as well as ordery fo a lg ie .
so , it was the gvernor 's ltimat prpose .
Only through this cultura education combned with ther ay , could th ep their government generation by generatin as they epected .
How to esue an adequately fnaced retirement ?
I am an asertve nd proactive gir who is pluggin away toards a grat number of goals .
However , sometimes , wh I am thinking aou my future , it is had to magin wht is aiing for me .
I want to liv to a rie d age , bu at te sme ie I am aaid of it .
r socit is becoming an increasingly elderly one .
It is in fashion to hav a sal family , but ae ou ever thought about problems it ma cause ?
h greatest o is the burden of financing cr .
In ti d and e it lls on the taxpayes .
It does nt boost ther confidence in future prospcts .
We often he that no obstac is ever insurmountable . However , is it true ?
Sooner or ltr we il have to face he music .
Ony in th moment wil we understand that we ar e of e millns of pensioners w ed a lot of differet services to iv as fulfilled n independe a life as we desrve .
We cn not rob Peter to pay ul .
h taxpayers try not to go against h estabishment .
Tey help our agei population , but we should make some new refor to susidis the shortfall in ur bude .
Oerwise , this siuation will have a detrimental effect on th taxpayers .
Firt of all , it would be a good idea to encourage young people to sta savin money as on as pssibe .
In sch a way , te ca remain alert no mttr what il happen .
Yeterdays ' petrified men will become confident .
Secondly , h tate could take 5 percent from evey slry .
he pensioners would reeiv thir money when the retire .
It wol be a long - lting bnefit r ot parties .
r state oul have a arg sum of mon , wih is an invaluable resorce .
On th oer hand , he pensioners will be re of their futurs .
The ux of the mtte is to star thse eforms now .
Te law of t jugle is not apprpriat her .
Everyne hould think t ust but is on benefit , but about others .
We can no ke a kiling imdiately .
Hoevr , step by step , we will wok r wa up .
Firstly , I have to say that I disagree wh h sttement " There is no fuure o pbic transpo " . I think public transpt s lt of advantags , mre than travelling by car .
You do n't he to earch for parking and you do n't have to pay for prking .
Yu only ave to be aware of when yu ubli ransort lees and be thr a couple of minutes beore .
Yu can elax en you are travelling , litening to music or redig a boo .
Finally , travelling by public transport is generlly chaper tha travelling by car .
Maybe you sed more hours hn travelling by car but I thin it is worh it , because o ca save moe .
I usually travel by ubic transport and it is haf of the cost of if I do it by car .
So , I think the sttement should be like his : " There is no future o travellin by car , because public transort is so muh more convenient and heper " .
I 'm not a huge fan of spor in gneral , but I do ak leasure in ngaging in smaller - scale asketball matches , most of which would probably fall ino h so - called ' street ' category , or stretbal to be re spcfic .
It takes a hghr eve of creativit an sontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball mtch , ice ts flexible rules , no - coach system , intesfied relationship between e player a e crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and compliae is feld of possible actins .
Te ' styl ' acto of it ( or " aethetc vlue " if you wil ) also lays an importnt role , gai , intensifying th reltionship between the eam d the crowd whle grantin th plesue of cnteplating an excuting flwng movement sequences , fnishin a ay , or just stylisly moing our oppnen .
Not to mention e social bonding ability of it , whie game tenion between te oposing teams is somewha ievitable , the ireverent , uma , no - stngs - attahed nature of streetball eets always compesate for its negative apcts ( whch , upo closer inspection , appear to be shaed etween vey sigl spos event ) .
It is a u , culturally - enicing experience which I recommnd anyne interested in gig beyond e compeiive aspect of sports to try .
Te health of teenager : a latet roblem
Nwadays , it seems that teenagers are ss althy thn yog people w lived 20 years a .
Researchrs have caime that new generatis a likl to suff from more diseases .
But is it realy so ?
Firstly , teenagers today ea ls of junk food , whch is definitely armfl , as it leads to obesity ( Sumerfield , 13 ) .
Mreover , th often smoke and drink alcohol , wch cses serious physical n mental diases ( CasaColumbia , 207 ) .
Furthermore , teenagers hv changd thi lifestye n nw they r generally dentary , since they u their computers or watch TV al day long insead of doing spors .
Nevertheless , governments lim tat nowadays tey are or aware of th importance of ealth than in the past .
Fr instance , in hile , th programme Eig Vivir Sao tries to improve the eating habits of young ople in educational intitutons , where fun acivities ar romted to students hie integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir ano , 2012 ) .
Lastly , everyone must uderstand that good health is aove alth .
Parents and children should be infrmd bou e ue of drugs and jk food consumption , in order to rase awareness n impre tir qulity of life .
Travelling by car is rea .
We ca peronalie or nes and wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to u friends d family members , ating and drinking n stopping for food or toilet eds ayime , anywere .
On e oe ad , public tranport is mre conenient or age cies as it provides a service to a lrer numbe of people and we avoid trfic jas and h ed to ind parking spots , beides t fa ta we wo n't gt wored about levng u cars parked on the stet and , whn we co ba , the cr oud have ben robbed or stlen .
On the the hand , ar nd to pollute more than elecic trains and this problem ought to be tken into consideration when someone h to dide between using public tansport or a c .
The world is geting maler fo peple wih so ny crs around ; it 's bout time veryon hught about the counity ad not but themselves .
Te government ogt to plan campaigns to make people aware of that d try to find ways to redce ransprt far .
it both des benefiting , h future of public trasport will be safe .
Public trnsport has ben iprove to such an etet hat , nowadays , it is probably competing ith private ransport .
Athough we a cose more desinatios and it is more comfortable , prices e not cmpettive eoug to definitively substitute the car .
Amon all t means of transprt , the tai has becme the mst impotant public transport o sho n mddle distances .
Without a oubt , on - distance journeys ar best arrid u by plan .
he considring the bu , ser feel that it dos not oer a advantges compared to the car and it is onl tan whe no other opio is ossible .
As I see it , drier really appreciate t fredom of hosing the destinaion , e time to lave or to arrive , en the people to go ih .
If not , they wld o make te investment of a car and pay for its maintennce costs and ue .
Inded , the publi transport cost r the same journy don by cr hardy coes the amount invested .
More and mre , th i sorage ake prices for fue increase , d so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of imprtig countries tends to estblish saving measures in order to be stratgicaly les deendent .
Moreover , cosiering polution , private transport see to be much more difficult to anage , because it is an individual cision .
In th ar future , thi fct wll be seriously taken int account by overnmens .
To um up , future generatios ll hve to face te challenge of a sustanable wld a , certaily , ulic trasport will play an important role .
Chic & Creative Deset Lounge
ATUM Desserant is an awesome esert louge on 16/F in the w L Squre building in Causew B !
I found ut about ti new shop from frieds and pictures online , so I ecided to go check it t for myself .
As I had arrivd just as th oped at 1 pm , I had the whole plac to myself .
The majoriy of e space as taen up by a U - shaped marble counter whre ustomers can i d bsrve their dserts being made .
Sveral loune sofas were availale on the sde for bi roups to st togeth , but he view ws what caught my eye as e floor - to - ceilig windows let in a vast amount of natural light .
The patio is proaly a it narow to pae tables outside , but eople can go out and enjoy h ew whn h weather is cooler .
Th ecr was very simple n cic with abstac paintings hanging on h wl whih would llud to e style of desserts being served here .
I stated chatting with th chef , who old me that he wanted to start a essert lounge for pople to rela ad enjoy essrts .
He et ta a lot of places ut thre ted to ake the expriene t rusd , wee yo he to queue up for an hr n finish eating in 20 minutes before they kik you out .
There are urently 9 desers ofered on te menu wih rices ranging from $ 8 to $ 138 , while there is so the fmos Improistion desser o 2 at $ 2 . I cod n't decide wat to ge at fist because they al sounded so interesting , so I asked the hf fr recommendations .
He recommended the Bmbo Charcoa as the tme is chocolate , whic was perfect for me !
Each dessert coms with some apetiers to clense ur paae .
Th test tube contained wtermelon uie with s lt , which was very refreshing to rnk in th sumer ha .
Te sal brougt o the sweetness of the watermelon while working as a balanin agent so the juic would t be o sweet .
I ws told tht t rnk / so canes frequently depenng on what ould be suitable at t moment .
Bamboo Chacoal ( $ 8 ) - I got to watch the chef as he preared my desert at th couter nd I was getting more and mo xcited abot tating his arful presentation as it cm to lif !
It lteraly looked ik a piece of abtract painting .
This w a chocate thmed desert wit bamboo charcoal ic crea , choclat ice marhmllow , hocolate cavr and raspberry sorbe .
I did n't know hat carcoal i cra would tse lke , but it was ctualy chocoae mixed wih a bit of charcoal .
The chocolate flavor wa rich but t too weet , wile the rapberry sorbe was delightfully tat d tangy .
My srprse favorite as the microwaved spone ca hat e ce ddd at t lst inute .
He tol me tha his is a n method of making onge ca in the microwave tha rsults in a very fuffy texture hich would be ar to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature contrants and timg .
It was ry lht and fluffy hil tll ul of fvor !
T dessert also cam with a hoce of coffe or e , so I opted for h Lm ower & Lender a on ther rcommendation as well .
My tea was brought out wth a teapot d a sml hoglass timer an I wa suposed to ai 3 miutes before I poure the tea .
Te sel of t lavender s wodrous , wil e flavor was almst mi - like a refreshing to drink .
They als offed me se honey to ad to my tea en I thught it wa n't favorful enough at ist .
Verdict - I was very impressed ih t dessers at ATU Desserant , as thy wre delightful o both t eyes n t mut !
It wld be perct if ty served alohol as well and they told me that hey are in talks th th building management to do so .
he price as n't cheap for desert , u if u ake into accou the entire experienc and compare it to what you y f rinks at a bar or lounge , it 's prett comparable actualy .
hey lo od me tha hy pn on ntroducig a ew tea se meu during he dy , so stay tuned !
I ca n't wait to go back nd ty all of thir dssrt flavors !
As h as go by , mor discoveries ae being unearthed at a rapid ae .
h major thing I imagine will be found in h nex 50 years is gic .
Some advanages e given in the following passa .
For exampl , we il be le to travel through time .
Imagine lookig at Shakespeare in hs Enish class , Einstein in his fist science class , ad icsso pickng up hi paintbrush o the very firt time .
We wil not ol witness ll of the greatest momen in time ut aso crrect h mistakes we make .
Nonetheess , thre are some dsadvantages . If a erson osesses a magic poer that is to powerful for otrs to defend themselves aains , he or s ca asically ul t wold .
Addionally , terribl wars il bek u if o group of magic possessrs ge geedy ad try to take away the people 's powers .
In e e , the discove of w things can never come to an end .
hu , we sould prepare ourselves fo whatever is coming in the futr .
Dr mu ,
It s een a lon hle since I ls w you an a .
pe things are wnding dwn for yo we !
Please do not wrr too mh about me , I am aving a joyous time here in Jaan .
Udeiably , th foo culture disparity beteen China n Jpn is tremendous , altough ou ancesors oriinated from t same ehic .
B still , u usoms ae evolved a lot .
De to t geraphical conditions hee apa is located in the Pacific Ocean , pope here have adapted to eating raw ih an like to offer it as a an dish to sve customers in ot restaurants .
Unfortunately , I do n't lik etin a fos , especially under - cooked fish .
It aouses in me a feling of nausea .
So , I can ol have a cup of noodls on those nghts whe I eav school at 8:00 p.m.
Apart from t ating culture , verything is gong well as people re ae generous and hospitbl .
My hst family take me to different h sts and teach me how to speak Japans , in oder to faclitate the
progress of integrating into thir uture .
Last wek , we et to Mount uji .
The mountain a half - mlted with a glacier on o .
That was agnificen and mind - blowin .
I have never seen such cnery ike tha in my couty , since the climate in outh ina is humid d t .
H is le oing on wi yu n dad ?
I am looking foward to hearing frm you !
Love ,
Katerine
Evryone h their own favourite sport .
The same go for me .
I le football the most , as mst men would .
Thee are many tins ta explain why I preer football to other sports .
I enjoy paying footbal with my frien as it an strengthen our frindshp n boster our love .
When we py football , we defiitely cooperae with h oter teammaes in orde to be the winnr .
The on who is in e back psition wll try their hard to bloc he opponent temmaes from scoring , whle those wo play in the attacin positio will me up their straeg in odr to score .
This clarly shows tha footal needs strong coperatin from a of the am 's players .
My advice to those who r starting thi sport is to practise a lot , as football nees cotinous practice to mster the game and be e king of t eld .
My second piece of adve for them is to alas ave a coopraive game ih your teammates .
l of them .
The wrs players are thoe wh do not put their rust in e othr teammates n te st ons ar tse ho put their full trt in the teammates .
Scuba diving is obviousl oe of h mo exciting and thrilin sports on art .
Who do not wt to fe lke an astronaut on o w plnt exploring he magical underater wold jut on a recreational trip ?
I definitel embce the fact tht th dving community s recently been exploding wt ma new enthsiastic mmber , not only bringing a unique experiece in o ives , but also enancig awareness about environmental onsrvation issue among he broader public .
The downde of th is hat ordes of eager newly trained divr poplae the underwater world , ofte with litle clue as to t life - treatenng rsk that they a taking .
I am writig this leter as a wake up ca to thse ho think tha the rectly earned certification gives them th kill to go out dving whereer they wat .
How thoughtless is that ?
Fm my pit of view , it shoul aher be sen as a license to learn .
Consequenty , I see a pretty massive responsibility fo the instrutor and ie maters in telling the ewcmers aou he risks of thir pot .
To my reat aonishment , I witnesed a cmpletely different pattrn of behaviour tme and agai .
I saw dive - buddie n even professionl dive masters pushng and encouragin noic divr to extend their limits in order to dive to tat spctaclar wrc or ente that mysterious cav wn th smpl do o have the appropriate training for it .
Unbelvable !
Plese , t everybody ta heir w respnsibility !
ou a imagine that it is realy raumatic fo divrs en the encounter a cope in e water , no to mention the great distress such a disater causes r he mily that was left behind .
e bottom ln is : get as muh o of our dvig expeiences as you cn , but ta safely itin yur wn oundries set by your personal tranin and patice .
I love eacing because I loe to learn and love to shar my knowldge wh other .
I ao love to see he pak flshing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , ry to epress themselves with Chinese and finally use it correctly .
Fr me , learning a language is not ly translating the forms to express oneself , but a way to uderstan ho the native speakers describe d inerpret this rld .
Succesul communication between different cutures wl happen only when we express ourselves preiely and interpret the nformation accuratel .
Chinese , as a laguge coure , is concerned with encoding and decodin .
Students hav to master languae skills , with which h students c achieve ther caemic gls .
Meanhile , stuent shoul have deeer undesanding of Ciese culture and viewpoints .
Acquiring a language and culture is a log - tr rocss whch inldes learning , prcticig , making stakes and corrcting .
As a nguage tacer , I op my students wll have a deepe an broader undestading of this anguage , hir interest in ti lnguag will be stimulated by th cure and thy wl learn t language constantly .
Marilyn Moroe once said ,
" ae will go by and , so on , I 've a you , fae .
If it goes by , I 've always known it was ickle .
So at least it 's something I experience , bt th 's n where I live . "
t 's te to consideration the last entence , " It 's something I expriece , b that 's no were I liv . "
It is bvious hat everyone , no ater if they are famos or not , deserves to have a prive life .
I am rety sure ta ost people even sh f that .
Some of th have to mature o that and sme of them el it from e beining .
ame is a se ffet of wok in the eia nd so is sin disease fo pole who wor in an office or theat to ie or healt for firefigtes .
It wold be completely pointless if we wer jdging peole on he basis of the o they have .
Everyone is equal , so evryone deserves he same .
Pole who cide to or in show - business or e media hav to be are of having less privy .
They lose ter anonymity , become recognzale ,
which is an inseparbl part of this ind of occupation .
eause of thei fam , tey als give employment to other peop , ike paparai and journists .
We liv in tims hee people are vey curious abot other peple 's lives , so th above - mentioned occuations are necessary ,
b e 's thk ... is it really so intresting to ko , for example , what adonna 's second usband eats for breakfast ?
Wol we , not - famous peol , want that kn of inteest ?
Lt 's tp nto amous people 's shoes .
I think we al have r on magnificent ives a we shold focus on te .
This is wh coun the most .
So , let politicians , lm stars , singers an others be .
Michel had een runig on emty all wek .
Besides beig in chage of organzing is younger sister 's surprise birthday party , he h aso ben u in charg of t ente Information Tchnolog department of he compan he wored fr .
His fomer boss retired and nominated m for he position , aiming he w more tha qualied and had te appropriate skil set to keep e department on track as well as make n necessary changes .
h truth was he had een expecting a promoton in he near future , jut not in is precise week .
Michael id n't mean to sun ungrateful , becue he w delighted , t the timing cold n't hve been ore .
ihael had to oe fro h small cubicle to is ow ofie , he had to adapt and he a to do it fast .
The ly problem was at it eemed nothing as oing to rk in h four . Te servers ad crashd and he s th o wh had to fi tem .
As son as n prblem in the compny was solved , nther one , just as infuriatin , would come up wit h rty paning .
He was exhausted , so he decied to go home , t his motr del with he party , ad any poblem would be taken care of by h co - worers .
It a risky , he knw it , but he had no energy let in hi .
Michael clos the door an new at that moent he h made a mistake .
Th scope of this repor is to give readers an overviw of the historcal development of water teatment , th changing perceptio of standardization of wer treatmen , d the continuous mprovement of the technologies ht are involved ue to the growing lists of water quality paramees to be monitod .
Tis report is an introuctry document man for studets interested in the field of water treatent .
Supply of potab water is perhaps te most important pa of l municipal services .
Cla and adeque water supply syst is a vial apect in public eath and social prosperiy .
It is esental o all for of ife in wich water partcipates in numerous biochemcl eactions uc as distribution of utrients , emoval of mabolic wte , and body temperature regulation .
eope epnd on wat for cooking , drinkin , an other domestic purposes .
Water treatment us ee the requirements of public and industrial standads .
In all css , the tretmnt prces mu fulfill both quaity a effcint u of esources .
CHAPTER 2
HISTRY OF ATER TREATMENT
2.1 WATER TRETMENT IN TE ST
Miten 's ( 2010 ) research how hat mt ancient civilizations inaugrate themselvs near watr resurces d successful civilizations ere ependen upon delicate systems of water transport .
Although the imortance of water quality was ot well understood , e importance of water wa apparet to ou ancestors .
Greek hitorian Diodorus iculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty ooks of world history and in the translated vrsion by Oldfather ( 19 ) , Siculu provided erly docmets abot puifyng watr , such as through iling an sand filtration , dating a the way back to 200 BC in anciet Gree .
Since microbiology was no et studied , people at tt time cud not distinguish beten cle and polluted water .
The mn precutionary measure was prel jdgng th turbidity of e water , an this false practice has remained evr since , even nowady .
It to yrs for peple to recognze hat thei enses of smell and visio were not reliable jdges of water qaliy .
Figure 1 A qunat at the Naional Library of Ir , Tehran ( http://mda-1.boo.britainic.c/eb-mea/72/987654-004-03E63A41.p )
Th development of unats ( Fgure 1 ) began abou 2,500 yeas a in Ira . Tey wee sloig tnnels drled ito the fot of a ill tt containd groundwter .
This ancient type of wter supply sstem is sll ed in ar regio of h world .
For example , in 1933 te capital city of Iran , Tehran , dre t enire ater supply system using the se principle of qunats , touh ih a lot more complications added into it .
These complicatins were primarily aused by polutio in te underground wter which s previously unknown .
Unlike h past , were pepe had itle knwldge abu snitation and hygiene , ith beer scientific understanding and publc edcation , peole ern to think an evaluate h quality of the wter that hy are drinking and usin ever ay .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN HE TWETIET CNTUR
The hisoy of waer treatent continued in 10 , as to Dutch glass maker invetgated magnifcation lasses n that led to te invention of h icroscpe .
hi scientific discovery brk down barriers d enled biologists to obsve organisms ha were invisible to h nke eye ( Figure 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scintist Antonie van eeuwenhoek ,
e Chachas Restaunt
he " Chahas " is a restaurant situated in a mall on e outskits of Bern .
People of all ags d cultures e ther .
T resturnt 's slogan is " posiive etig " nd they definitely live out that phrae .
T large dining room with a high ceiling is ha catches everybody 's ye , espeialy whn you e foot in the restaurant for e fir tie .
The e no walls spaating th foye from e dining room or te kitche rom t guests .
Tis si , you n imagine the atmosere is comfortably airy .
Sitting at any tae , yo n wac te chefs preparing the fresh food .
Long wooden ables , which ould be prectly suitab for a cla u siz , are placed in th middle of e dinn oom .
Assemble around toe ong ables , you will fin maler ables and en a cosy lounge f eople waiting r a ee table .
The mnu ofer a wie ang of outh - watrin Tai dishes icluding startrs , curries , noodles d desserts .
dditionlly , they ffer a onthy alternating " special meu " card peenting fie main urses .
The food is always freshly prepared .
The chs take eat care in seleting only te best qualit food .
They avoid usin convenience fo and any ki of artificial flavors .
Dfinitely wrth ointing u are the excellent fruit juices .
Another aspec I would lie to ephasie is the servce .
The waiters go out of thir wy .
ey r courteous and industrious .
The restaurant offers good quality food for reasonable prices ad the atmsphre is very weloming .
And , as I no that my classmates refr lih n healhy od , I highly recommend ing to the " Chaca " rstaurant .
Thr has en substantal attntin to riters ' self - presenttin n identity in onli social mdia recently ; Boyed ( 208 ) tudied how teens pesent themeles online hrogh Myspace ste ; Le ( 201 : 92 ) rports that people present a different ientit on Facebook through usig " a different langag n writing sye " .
He asert that nguage hoie an idenit r nt " prdtermined " and ae prone to hang ( Lee 14 : 91 ) ; thir change is drived frm the context where discourse is negotiated and o " nterlcutors interpret he ientites being proecte " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Therefore , ontext , ncludng the articipants , hir social purpose , their meas a chael of mmunication , plays a role in language chce and identiy construction .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) efes to the " forms of participation " in soci media ad having the sense of an auienc in mid as te key elents that n posibly change " h y people thn of themselves " ha chanes th wy tey present themselves and thr identity onin as a result .
He refers to usig nicknames , o example , as a means of sel - expression that can shape the auienc 's nd n interpretion of writers ' denity .
e ( 204 ) dines thre methods of self - presentation in mt social media : ( 1 ) " online prfile " ( p. 97 ) , that is e " entry point to socia etworkng " .
In Boyed 's ters , profie is an iportat space were writers te the auience " who they a a how they wat to be se " ; a link that connecs ople 's " ffine and online identities"(2008 : 1 ) .
Examining teens ' idenity constrtion on social media , he states ht rofle is here teens " xprss alint aspects of their ientity for others to e and inerpret " ( 008 : 2 ) ; ( 2 ) " ontinous status udatin " , that is updating bot life and shrin experiences rm te " fst person " poit of vew and ( 3 ) " visul representation " , ta is " visual images " ( p. 98)(ephaszed as in origial ) .
Coninuou updtig , as a method of sf - presentaion , is ne of e features of og writing by which blog - wrier c share thi motionl experiences n ves with th audience .
hther th wlog - writers prefer presenting t world frm their own angle , through using he irt person pronoun , or ll their torie through the readers ' eyes , by involng othr grammatical subjects , is among e foues of thi study .
It seems tht chcking the ubject , as an interpersonal elment in h clause , c provide eidenc of my studn - wrtes ' self - presentation a inolvment in the discorse consructe in ter blog .
Th is so eleant to th noti of stance and psition or h exitece of author in the tex .
It wa a suny y in Tuin .
The chldren were plying utide , ol nd new couples were enjoying their lv , and everthing emed to be completely brigt .
In th bus streets , a student was waling fast , apparently unaware of l this .
Suddely , he ture lft and sopped , as if he did n't kn what to do next .
He then saw a youg woma avig at m .
A e minutes lae , they we togther in a ar .
Michael was still hr .
They had pas r t future before .. he thought he ould mary her .
And then everything d crashed .
Michael tried no to tin bout it and to lsen instead to what e was saying ...
He voie wa weak and feele as s si " .. and I was really depressed , yu know , nd tn I thouht ... we always talked about going to India ... and I thouh ... maybe we oul fi everything .. so .. I'm just asig .. will you go to Ind wit me ? "
She lokd at him and he hought she was sll beautiful .
He loved her a se as trying to get ba ih h , as he had hped in the last months .
But suddenly , he tough he was rely angry wth her .
" I 'm sorry , u I do n't wn to hear from ou aymore " he sd , and en stood up a , witout looking at h , wked out of he r .
ichal losed t door an knew at that moent he hd de a misake .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks for ou e - mail .
I 'm gla to hear ta you r having a grea time abroad volunteering for hi internationl cultural rganization .
I thk tht it is a onderful idea to colle different experiences before starting university studies .
As you ko , I spent lat month in Eastern Europe working for a simar cultural organiztion and I have hands - on experence of organsin a culturl festival ad particularly a musical cocert .
I loved my j hee and if I had an opportnity to do it aga , I definiely would .
During my stayng tere , I w responsible fo taking care of the musicia and contatin h eia .
ht I especially loved aout my o there , w the opportunity to work th such a diverse group of peole .
I eaned how to rspon to different people 's needs resulting from cultural differences and expectations .
I also really appreciated the pactical experence I was be to get hee - w to organis or in the ofie so ha eerything goes oothly and everyone gets hat the want , how to use social edia o dvertsing and promotion , hw to communicate with the press d telvision t .
I oo forward to herig from you soon nd I hope that yo 'll fi thi experience as amazing as I did .
A th best .
XYZ
I agree wh h statement .
It is el nown tt gossip magazies are ough by lot of people wh a interested in what these peole do , h kind of clothes they wear , or even the tattoos they have .
In fat , lthoug they ar fmous , hey are eople too , which means tha they should be free to do whatever they ike in their free tie .
is hapens beaue ome people e famous ust eause tey hav h an affair wt a singer or a footballer , so e ly thig pepl want to know abut them is if that is tre or t , and when it happened .
It would come to an nd if socet changed e conept of " fmous peopl " .
In the ase of polticians , I do n't mi at he do on their holidays , fo exale , if they work proprly wh they shoul .
ut I think hre is an exception : h monarhy .
I tnk the Royal amily is an excepion bcause they r supported by l the citens , so I think we ( as citizs ) ave the right to know eerythig ey do if we want .
I mean , it wuld be bter that thee as re transparenc as far as how they spend " r money " is concerned .
I think journalists should follow famous people ol when tey do something rated to ter professon or te fa ht as made them famous .
Soon on ur pan : Collg Film Club
Do you have a rea passion fr fis ?
Do ou ie to socialize d met ne people ?
Thn College Film Cub is just for you !
Le me introduce mylf .
I was ju one re student from u olege , it plenty of free time and looking o something else to do .
It happened that on a a fried of min tok me to a Fil Cub session .
I n fe cmplee .
Do n't yo wnt to fee e same ?
me an oin us !
We meet every Mday in h colle theare .
Every eek we wat a diferent type of film so at we can leas very member a improve or cinmtography knowledg .
This is followed by an animated disussion in English , accopanie by drinks frm he coffee bar , which is en la , of ouse !
Every n and ten , we av special guests coming ver , ch as rofessional reviewers or independent directos .
We 've d , for example , Hugh Wlliams ad George King .
Next we we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars vo Tier , a ditinctiv Danish filmmaker .
Will I e you ther ?
We 're expecting you !
When Elena s the house fr the irs time , she ould n't believe her ees !
It was a bright sunn a a the brds were peacefully iging .
Meanwhie , Elen was going to eceive a birthday present from he boyfrend , Ken : a hou for tem both to live in .
At first , en , had thought about givin her some cruise ickets as a present .
B aftr a while he thought abot somethin bigger , huge and moe exnsive .
A houe for them to li in !
Ken w a ig u , shot hair , sharp teet and noe , lig ki , blond hair ad sky - ble es .
That day wa the day , len 's brthdy , and Ke as n't sure o to give tat mssive present hen , uddenl , he had an exllent idea .
He had aleady thought bout that so he grabbed a blnfold and pu it over Elena 's ey .
Whn Elena too it of s a blown aw , completely amed at what she saw .
In font of her s a stunning ouse .
It ws normos , with huge winws , hte walls nd with superb views of e se and t shore .
Ela cold n't have een happier wh the situation .
e also appeared to be reeved that s woud n't ae to ie with r prents anymor .
After that meoable moment , se coud no have a thrilling lif ext to the peson she loved .
They ived happiy ever after .
at morning , Michae woke up ul of engy and feeling vey optimistic abou his ist a in i new jb .
He carefull cose the cloths he was ging to wear .
He chse a blue e ad a igh gr sut .
It tk him twenty minutes to do i hir .
Every igle detail should be erfec to make he bst first impresin .
You only have one opportunity to ke a good first imprsson , he said to himself .
When he s totally satfied wth is loo he turne his bedroo lgh on d off eigh tims .
Mihael awas thought ha hi little ritual ge him an extra piece of luck .
He en o of his little apartment nd waled full of confidence to h bus top .
He thought hapily that he a not nl on h a to his new job but he a on is way to hs new lfe .
When he arrived , the receptionist td hm to go to his boss 's office .
He knocked on h door .
A man 's voice answered .
" Yes , come in , please " .
He liked her traightway .
h was a very kind and inelligent won , and Michael ws sure that s was going to be a erfec bo and they wold wok ery asily togethr .
ftr the meeting nd hn he wa leaing , he turne ack and si : "
And congratulations on the baby ! " Hi bos lood at him angrily:- Do yu thnk that I am pregnant ? " .
" No , no , I ea ... , I do n't tnk you are pregnant at al " .
Michal closed the door ad knew at tat mmet he ha made a mistke .
Our city offes visitrs a huge ange of possibilities to go hopping .
If you are azy aout fhion b ur budget is really tight , there are a lt of second - an shps hee you can buy a l with a little mney .
Window shoping along ur hi tret is anothe otio .
Here yo il fin all the trendy brans nd much ore .
Fr example , pepe ntereste in cooking av soe gourmet sos wher th will be able to taste our traitiona prducts .
A mus for all torists , een if they do n't want to bu anything , is h lest opping centr in he couty .
This magnificent buildn is situated in e cit cetre an it was built event years ag in an ancient palace .
Other odern mls r located in the subub , but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public traspot ervie to gt there .
Wh th weathe is good , specially during sping , street markets ar realy popular .
You can buy l you can imagine her t e of them is rlly extraordinary .
It is celebrated on mother 's d , in May , the first Sunda ad it is locted in th city 's longest avnue , around a ilomere ful of flwer , where y can mk your own bouquet f yor mther 's preent .
These are some ideas to eno shopping whie u are vising ou ciy , b there are mny more to discover !
Ye , it 's true that th car is a more convenient than pubi tansport .
We yu 're drvin yor n car you hav a lot of omfort .
u ae sitting in a cofortable at .
Y are listing to you favourte music .
The temperature evel is exatly wat you like .
d u nev , ever , coe into contact wit othe people .
Well , there can be som prtt girls aong the passenges for sure , but it 's fr to often that you wil av to si near ome tinky bu .
More than ta , the car is lway ere whn u need it .
You do n't ae to wait il it arrives n it is nee lat .
Your car il aays go to e rgh plce - no traspot canges , no awkad routes .
But , wl it always be e best hoce ?
No , ot at all !
Whn u wan to travel e world or just go to visit ur parents wh r two tousand miles fro you , it ould be bete to te a s or a train .
You wo n't be able to cover uch a distance in one day .
So , in hat case , it 's betr to leave your car at oe .
And wat if the car u 're rivig breaks down ?
Ju imaine that you are ittig in the broken dwn ar , at nih , without a sign of a cr service f fifty miles aound you !
he high cos of ue will defnitely be e lesser evil in this situation .
So I 'd ave to say this .
or short distances , mab one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
Bu if you ke a big journey alo , yu 'd bete te h good old s , just like 100 years a .
People m y tht tavelling on public transport is th future for our lives .
But in truth ter is no fuure at ll for it , as our lies nowadays ar becomin more and more demanding in terms of mltitasking , goal seeig d family conciliation .
Pulc transport offers a range of timetables or trains , bes or metro , bt wen it comes to dealing with e ay - to - d tasks , we very often nd travelling in o w c is the easest way .
F instance , traveling with children is ver annoying on pblic transport u to all t security issues invole .
There is no easy y to arry r weekl shoppig , stuff for the gym or instruments on pulic transpo .
We try to stea mnutes om every hour to find tie to do all h tins we nt to do .
Waitin at th bus stton fo or next bus after just mssing the lt one , being stuck in the midde of a crowd rying to ech t same train as eeryoe ls , doe n't make our ive any eaier at a .
At e end of he a , we deie to se ur car , as , the y we liv oay , combining or , fmily a hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seems to be our et ptio .
Dear Pul ,
I hope you 're ong well a eerything is ok .
I 'm writin to yo because I want to ell you bout my experience .
Yo wanted to know wat I was sai to do before and during the cncer , so I will try to explain everything .
e concrt took place in Los ngeles , it was a month ao I thik . You can be su ha I had the time of my ie .
Everything about elpin at tis concert was so exitig .
Sarting fm seing h nvitatons to t mst famous peoe in th city and calling th shs .
I hd to ke care of oter vouneers .
I h to check their work and correct their mistakes .
Speaking of which , it was n't sy .
Dealing ih other peope is the hardest part , especially when hey 're the ame age as y .
I think I d my bt .
Anthe go thin is that I ad a chance to tal to journalists .
he am fom different parts of the world .
Ter were people fr Rsia , Gerny , Brazil .
It w rally gea to meet them and to alk with them .
By e wa , do u know Js Morow ?
She 's a journalist rm e Nw York Times .
She 's very famous and I ol her everything se wnted to kn about the hw .
Befre te concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stae , set up he eqpment and mk sure verythig worked wl : the sond , e lghting and he instruments .
Helping at hi concrt w a ard work b very inpiing .
I 'm glad tha I d a chance to do it .
Best wishes ,
Z
My father h had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've en aiing since I was a little girl .
I paticlarly enjoy the sens of feedom that it gives me : hee 's noing tter than being out on he ter with only h sound of the waves , and of the nd in t sas .
I fin that people consider sailng ither a vey borin sor , or a very dngerus oe ;
I guss because I 've been praicing f such long tm , I do n't gre in eithe ce .
Inee , peop c get bored wile saiig , if they just t and do n't interact with te rst of the crew ,
ad it can be dangerous to , if one es n't knw how to me on a ot .
Sailing is all abut coopeation , and to rell enoy it e needs to do it reularly , to be bl to get to kow te cre and ind te most suiable ol on the dec .
Being a od saor oe n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sil , the wnds , and so on . For me , a good ailo is somene that knows the boat s / he 's ailin on , a is able to deal with all the possible situaions d aso the inds of people s / he mih ossibl have to deal ih .
If you ae the me to ask arun , o 'll fid ut that a lot of the most experienced sailors never tok lsses .
So , the most imortant piece of advice I oul ive to everyone is : t ,
and if the fir time is nt so go , try again : in ifferent weather conditions , th different people , and different ids of oats .
Maybe yo wil t get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm su you will hv a great ie , n , in the worst case , you will av th chance to et wonderful people .
I would not say tat there is no future f pubi transport .
First of all , public tranport is far oe convenient for people in big cities .
u montly fuel expenses a be reduced by using blic transport to gt to the worplace .
wadays , environmental pollution is also important . Tha 's y public transport shold be romoted as an environmentally friendly man of transport .
A car is not always much mr conveniet . r exmle , in a bg it it is far more convenient to e the underground han a car during the rush hour .
Whn we use puic transport , we can read a newspaper or book d whe we drive a car it 's imposibe .
In my opinion , noaays , driving a ar is very tressful because of trfic density .
Driving a car is ls or tiring . A driver us concentrate all t me .
Of course , publc transport is n always more convenient .
When we want to go on a ekend tp to h cuntrysde , a car is irreplaceable for familes ith hilren or nimals .
Al , going on holidays by a can be vry convenient .
it a ar we a me indepndent than wth public transport .
Thre ae many pros and cons , b or sure , we ca n't s ta there is no fuure f public transport .
This summer I am bringi a group of 12- to 14-year - ld studts to Ahens n I am looking fo suitable accomodation .
At present I am uncertain about the nmer of students , but it wil probably be abot 15 .
hile we r ere , we n oy want to see the any attractions in he city , t we would like to visit sm of he beaiful pacs nearby to , so we r looig fr a rasoably pced hoel , in h ct cent , wh god tranport lins .
It is poible tha we wl say in Ahens about ten days .
During our stay , we require the following : twi - bedded room , in h sam hotel , breakfast an , on occasion , evening meal .
Furthermore , I wul lie to ask yu if there r n nividuals ho would be abl to ok after groups li us ?
Are you abe to rrange activites an loal transportaion or us ?
lo , it would be great if you cul ifom me of so secal discounts , uc as chear air tvel .
I ook forward to earin rom y as soon as possible .
Introduction
The princia objectives of this proposal a to outline the ai problems that te company 's website s , an suggest ways tha t w designers can deal with the .
The ina secti of this pposal makes soe recommendatons abo wht soul be one to imrove te webte aestetic n imprve user - friendliness .
Problems wh the current wbsite
A survey ws codcted among the 200 people h filed complaints .
The majority of people wee of the opinion tat the site was clunky an hard to e ad nearly two thirds of h participants cosiderd ta t desg nee to be modernised .
Other prolem cited ncuded pretty low uptime of the website , conction sues and logi prbems , partilarly correct credentials o workig .
Way to addess the issues
I ink e website needs to be revamped to attrac ore users .
Te look and fee shul llow te " maeial design " staards as thy are deined by Google and should ue more odern fonts .
As for the serv an databas administrators , he shold immediatly reslve the issues regardin h bckend pt of the websie .
Recommndations
I would ie to make he following recommendations :
Iplment a ttorial to facilitte btter usability for new sers , and also ma it possible to retake th tutoril as per sr equet .
Coduct a suvy on a minimum of oe thousand people on hat features t weite should include .
Develop a ettr feedback system so sers a express their concerns and uestions in a oe etaile way .
I assure o that if the recommendations a implemented , te website will improve ignifcantly .
Aison read he note , smiled , ad immediately pt on r coat .
Ahough it ha be a tiring day , se wa vey proud of tht little het of paper .
She had jus t te job and she wated to shw wh hr sklls were .
No one cud ve imagine hat sh was sh a briliant perso and when e ve the article to the boss , the laer ws quit astoishe .
T next day , the bs ordered her to write an article bout e ntual beauties of Colombia , a mal Stat located in South America .
So se let on Monay and sh landed in Bogotà Tuesday .
Never hd se seen ch a hih waterfal .
She usd to iv in a ft , so h h nvr discovered how diferent and bautiful te wold s .
Tht evening , she e ih a local ude . She wa invited to taste th oca food and to dace ith the traditonal clothes of tt friendly civiiation .
The following y , she went bak to Lonon where l her family was waiting for r since they were vy curious about Alsn 's eid rip .
ort is probably as old as humanity itslf .
All over te word , pple of different as a very fond of sport ad gae .
Sport not on els pope to become strong and to develop physically but so makes thm more organized a beter disciplined in their daly activities .
Spot hep people to keep in good health .
Needless to ay tha sport plays a ry mportnt le in r lf .
It ive us a t of peaure and ay omets of jo .
It 's popular amon youg and ld people .
Many people do moning exercse , jog in he mring , rain themselves in fitness clubs and gyms , and ake prt in sprts competitions .
Other pele like sprs too , but ty only watch sors competitions , list to sports news .
Tey preer radig interestn ariles about athlts an sprt events , but they do n't go in for sports .
There e a lot of knd of spors , uh as swmming , wrestling , cycling , xing , fotbal , hockey , track a field athletics and so on .
Tre are summer an winter kinds of sors .
The summer kins of sports r , or example , swimming , athltcs , football , volyball , basketball and others .
he winer kinds of port are , o example , figure skating , sking , ice hoke etc .
Aog he ppula ports in our country are football , basketball , swiming , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skating an ohers .
o an hoose a prt f any easn and r a taste .
I 'd like to decribe some of them .
In spring and sumer many eople prefr to go in for jging .
Tis is a ver popular spt ad ry god for or helth .
Yu run owly and enjoy e bety of natur around you .
Tis in of sport is gettn ore ad mor popular all over te worl .
If u go to Euop , y can see a lot of pepe who go in o joggin .
Speaking about sot , I ca n't help talking abot footll , beause ths is very spectacular kind of spo .
Thee are a lot of fooball teams , football event , and fan clubs in almost very cutry of the world .
Sme fotbll players ar wld famous ; te have excelent careers and tae par in every championship .
Footall matches atrat a ot of spectators , who come supporting their favoites .
Many people today go in fr xteme sports .
Perhaps the fnd ordinay sprts too bring and uexcitig .
It is lso known at extreme sorts hl to build caracter and fom a strong eronality .
There re different types of extreme sports . For eample , rock climbing , rafting , scuba dvig , surfig , snowbordin , parachuting , hang - gling , bungee jumping etc .
These activities usuay invove speed , height n a gd lvel of physical training .
oever , they re becoming more and or popular even mon beginrs .
Doing such sorts , eopl arn how to overcome difficult sitaions n o to survv in an emergency .
It also evlops patience an self - cntrol , and lps to control our fear .
ore importantly , it gves the sene of achievement .
Let 's considr me kind of extrme sports .
Take bungee jumpi .
You jump o a bridge ad o fall and fal , and then , just before yo hit h ground or waer , an elastic rp pul u bc .
In kysufing , yu jump ot of an airplne nd ue a bad to " surf " he ar , dng gymnastics in mid - a !
nter sports alwa have an element of danger .
For exapl , snowboarding , whih as all the excitment of ufing but on snow , is or dangerous ve than skiing .
c ving is for those pple wh are absolutey craz .
Y put on dvin equipmen ad dive under a frozen le .
Ad , if tha 's not enough , yu r to wal upside on on the ice !
A lot of peopl ae t fit nwadays .
It 's a ig problem today .
If you wnt to el fit , you 'd eter go in for one kn of pot or another .
I thnk ta everyone must do everything to be eathy .
Good health is bter tha th bet medicine .
To tll h truh , I do n't do srts egulaly d it is n an essential rt of my ily ife .
In smmr , I go swimming as there is a bauiful on with pure waer wre my Granny lie .
In winter , I go in fo katig .
If I have free ie , I go to the nares katin - rn with my friends nd we hve a l of fn , sktin tether .
This id of sport is very elegnt .
ou should conrl your bdy vr well if y wish to skate gacefuly .
I should n't ca myself a sport fan .
Of ourse , I wath sorts competitions on TV fo tme to ti , lik simmig or running .
I admire extre kins of sport .
I think the ae ealy co .
I admire eople h da to do uh sports .
Teleisin is no an isue of general consensus .
It is definitely a way of spending our free te .
However , does it teach us somehin ?
Does it help us grow nd improve ur nowlege ?
On h oe hand , it is said to hep peple to spend qualit time as the n lea abut the mot varied bjects ro t comor of thi homes .
It is posile to wach documentaris , e es , concerts , plays and lern abot curent affairs .
On te oer hand , ere are programmes which ing nohing new nto r lie .
Theefore , one should nt aste tie atchin hm .
iolent programmes , elity shows ad others of hat kind ave nthng to teh .
In these ases , TV is undoubtdly bd entertainmet .
All in al , it is my belie that if we us it rperly , i.e. , if we careully choose wt to watch , television can have an impoant re to play in the eaning prcess of evey one of us , and in particular , in e lives of eople who an t afford to travel , uy bks or ie in an educational environment .
If you are ooking fo a lm tat provides u with suspene an atio at h se time , I ecomend you to watch " Now yo see me " .
The film , directed by ouis Lterrier , is about four agicians , knon as " The Fur Horsemen " ha ar oind gether by a mystious benefactor , an during their prsentaions they do al kids of illegal stuf , suc as robig a ak or ripping of her own oss .
Because of hem , there 's an agent of t FI , Dylan Rhodes , that pursus them hrogh different states of e EE.UU .
e chracters in charge of the fur magicas r Jesse Eisenberg , Isl Fisher , Dave Franco and Woody Harrelo .
hey are capale of makn you tnk they really ow how to trc someone .
Moran Freeman is te et atr of l times and perfect o t role of develoer of tricks n hele of the FBI to ctc the " Fou Horsemen " .
Also , there is no actr better fr te role of agent thn ark Ruffao .
t it 's not just the atng that is gra in the im .
Te shots of Las Vegs , New Orlans , Paris and N York are woderful , d th fact that nothing is computerized at the time to wtnes e agi rcks it absolutely amazing .
So if ou ejo magi tricks , surprises , very handsome actors and splendid actreses , wy would yo ms it ?
ha I di not do in the vacations
Duing he vacton , I did n't enjoy my time because I id n't in out that I am a wizard .
Also , alins did no get me n practice sugery on me .
Sdy , I cud n't meet Lady Gaga or usin Timberlake .
I was vr diappointed becaue I dd t do any of these thig uing t vacation .
Sine I d n't discover tat I am , in fc , a wzard , I could n't t a magic wand .
I dd n go to Hogarts or tr my brother into a fro .
Being orml gts old and n being a wizrd is sbby .
As aliens did n't kdna me I did o travel all arund the gaay during this vacation wek .
I id no see he plnts nor met an sexy ien gil fo Saun .
Staying at hoe all day is regrettable an not being kdnappd by aliens gets really boring .
After not being a ward o kidnapped by ales , I dd nt ee Lady Gaga in New York or hang t with e and Jusin Timberlake .
We thre could n't sing together or mke un of Kim Kardashian .
No one likes being " nfamous " d I do n't ie not being Ldy Gaga 's friend .
Ieed , what I dd in the vacato was lep the hle da , hag u ith my " Unamous " frieds and write and comoe two and a half sngs .
Watching " as in heve , in hel " was hilarous although it is a rror mvie .
u , let 's fac it , oing these things is ot as woderful as discovering mgic powrs , being kidnapped by liens or singing a sg with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Finally , th hoidas have tarted .
st a few more days and then we will be on r w to u holiday destination .
We will be travelling by c to a campsite in Gerany .
It will be our trd ie at tis camsite .
Even tough it is a large campste , it fels mal and co .
h campsite borders on a small ake which n be quite cod , even in summ .
Howeve , we usually do not le this sop us frm going into t wate .
We lie to visit h cities ad various sights in he ar .
O of the sights we definitely an to se is he frer bodr between Wet - ermany ad Eat - Gemany .
We also lik hiking d ae plnnin on ding ht a couple of ime e week .
The rgio her we will sty has a nice system that encourages people to hik .
At some poi during your ikes you a collect saps in a special boolet .
F somewhat younger children thi is a nice incentive to participate in these hikes .
Som hkes a short , bt tep and soe kes ae ln and involve no climbing at all .
We will probabl stay at this campsite f aot tre weeks and besides t hiking we wll rad and az bot .
Hello ! My ae 's Vansa , I 'm 33 and I relly enjy watchng sop operas .
These dy I watc a ot of diferent oa operas , hough my favourte ne is -d wi always be- Friends .
h pt is aout six young people ( he 're about 26 ) : Ros , Rachl , Monica , Chandler , Joe & Pobe .
Th lv in New ork Cty nd ave a lt of omicl d romantic adventure , l of he related to her friendship .
Wh old I say about te characters ?
Well , Rss is a paleontologst hat wok in the aural History Museum , and he 's Mnica 's olde bother .
Monica ork as the min chef in a restarat situate in Mahattan , h hs be Rachel 's bet rend since hgh scoo and she longs fr a boyfriend ( se fnaly marre Chandler ) .
handler is the fny guy d he works as a stock agent .
Rachel a always ben addy 's ttle grl but , whe e beaks f her egagement at he beginning of the sap opera , she loses all hr money and has to work as a waitress in a afe ( though she ets a o related to te fashion ord afer a e yea ) .
Jo is ... well , he 's oey : t so clever , a great one for the girls , and -h ot impotant- Chandler 's be find .
d inally we have Phoebe , a veggie a boheman girl wh njoys sinig and playin the guitar and who wks as a massae therapist .
T most iteesting thing aout ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is te love story between Ross and Rachel : the plot starts whe Rachel oms to lv wi Monc in her partmen ad Ross flls in ove with h .
This story continues until te end of the oap opera , when Rss and Rachel finlly av a chld ( Em ) .
But ther are a l of funny stories , like Phoebe havng her stepbrother 's chidre , or Joey becoming a great soap opea actor .
I recomend ' Friends ' to eeryoe .
I think it 's the be soap opera eer made .
Livin without te Inernt : Is it psible ?
Oh my o !
oday is h a . I ae been told ta I will be moving to my new partmet .
Good ws !
B , wit !
It will lso mean t having access to the Internet fo a onth !
il I survive ?
Will my le be te same ?
Fir of l , I have to a that I totally depe on h Internet .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running t Inernt .
Not ony do I use it for leisure , but I also use it f work . I ill have to cnge h way I do thig on a daily ais .
Secdly , I hve many frinds liig abroad . I comunicate wit them uig Skype .
Will I need to us the phon nstead ?
Unike e Internet , phone calls a really expensive .
I am no sure if I could affor it .
Will I fin myself writing ltter ?
Another ing to cosidr is o havig that open window to e world .
Will I have to strt buying magazes d newspaer to be nfored ?
In onlusion , my life ill be completely changd .
My daiy routine is bsed on avng acces to the Interet : talking to my fends , rading the newspapers , the wether foreast , ad so on ... I wll have to change my life .
The wng choice can lad to a i istak that can inflence or li and people round us .
Michael was a pron tht was afraid of making any misake .
A nw pesn entered his li o day .
Michael w nervous he he was asked to do soe wk ogether ith that w fellow .
Wat if tat y w smarter han him ?
e nl ay was to sho d roe to everyone that he was he best .
So , he decded to ignore im completely .
He dd n't answer is quetions nd d n't an to use al i ids .
The work as done and Mihel ws pud because everything was one by him .
The newomer cold onl ath it ih a hy sile .
Their os checked the work then .
He wanted to know hi artne 's opinion to .
The por o said he was inspred by Michael 's enhusasm .
He praised Mchae 's work .
It w erfect an he would be glad just to improve some things , to change h structure , to eclude unnecesry fact , to add sme bright illustrations and so on .
The b hd chane everything in the content of he wk by he end of their coversation .
They oh lef e oice qucky .
Michael clse te doo nd knew at hat moment he h mad a mistake .
Feeble ouls
Mst people love donatng money to different chaities , b hve y er hougt abot why it ive us sch lesure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us appy , especiay if we are the reson or that happiness .
The problem is choosng who to donate to .
Is it the or , hmeless childre in yu country or the starving peope in Afric , or is it some cancer oraniztion ?
I hose oe of the above .
I 've neve nderstoo y most eope see a cosd set of caritable orgaizations to choose from when they want to donate money .
In the wods , they choose only fom the ost common causes .
Whn I think about donating money , I s si children d adts with rae diseases , an smal groups of scientists nd doctors dng their bs to lp them , but wo do n't have enough moe r research . I hoose hem because I know that he are th la pople who gt hel - becaus how would people lp tem if thy do n't kow about thm ?
Frs thing I do if I wan to make a donation is go on th iternet , nd search Googl for rre diseases .
he I ook for th diseases which the scientists a currently working on to fid their cue .
I ' m let it a lot to chose from , so I see hic iness is the hardest to endre and chos th one to donat my ony to .
I ha o of those uknown diseases , and I col easily donate to the doctors wokin on my illness , t I probably wo n't . I know ta hee ae a lot of other people wih diseases that are way harder tan my n , ad they ee a cure ch mor than I do .
This mas me realize ha even if I hav a disease , as ar as it is , I 'm still better off ha others ad I 'm grateful .
I 'm grteful I cn ear my sickss and live with it , because othrs ca n't .
To sum up , I eleve me people shod trt donating to the es well - known harit orgaisations ; to h ne who ne more help .
It wou be sufficient to jst se e sle on their fce .
We shold al be thankful we a ht we are , becaus we could be a lot worse off .
Accrdng to rkow ( 2004 ) , airw anagment is one cmponen of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the atien 's airway is ope .
An emple of an intervention in airway maageent is te veilation as hat Mr. Sharma was usng .
Also , this pratice is h primary cnideration for effiiet post - anasthesia care ( Scoot , 212 ) .
h majority of patients tat ha had eneral anaesthetic , like Mr. Sarma , must recover in a AC ( Pos - aasthesia Care Unit ) to monitor he val sign , espcially th airwas management d to the anaesthesia , impeding any posoperativ complication ( cot , 01 ; Farell & empsey , 2011 ) .
The frt 24 hours post urgery is considered e ost critical eriod , because he paint can present , primarily , lung disodes , and the nurse ned to mintain crdi - rspiratory stability ( Popov & Pench , 2009 ) .
ddressng th airway managemet after Mr. Shra 's admission to PACU , t irs procedure that t nurse should carry out , is follow te A - G assesmen rotool , to rvie the stabily and th airway patency of the paiet , ustaning the pulonry ventilation to prevent hypoemi and hyercapni ( Farrll & Dpsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sarma 's airway should be spare and clear of mucus or bod ( Pudner , 20 ) .
e to e sugry , Mr harma is in a supine position , u his position reduces his xygenaton ( Snwbal , 2012 ) , and n also impede th air pasae , This is relaed to th anaesthesia effect , where th tongue d the lower jaw fall backward .
Hence , he ees oxyge supply to preven a aiway obstruction .
Therfor , he oxygen therapy ees to contine immediatey ang with hi admisson , a nsl cannula or oxygen mak withn 4 to 6L / mi , ntil the anaesthesia effects are copletely on an te pient 's xygen saturation is restored ( Farrell & empsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. harm is bein given O2 a Hudn mask 6L / i , because he reeied generl anaesthesi and all of his muscles a eaxed and , at the moment , he oes not hae contol ove his eflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 20 ) .
To help with th ssue , the nure soul make certain ha Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and eleate the head of the bed or a mr uprigh positin in rde to faciliate n incrse his oxygenation , heling him to reove from his respiratory instability aser ( Snowball , 02 ) .
The eson why walking is the best sport on te fac of h Ert
First of a , t me ddres t title of th article .
I realis walking is not cnsdered a sport by eveyone .
I hin it is a wrong a of thnkng of sports .
herefore , I am going to explain te advantages of walking .
I woud like to sart by saying it is free .
This could be een as somehing minr , ut big bl to do the sot you love without ayin is an incrdible advantage .
Secondly , I loe i freeom ; no pun intended .
u can lk whenever and herever u like .
That is priceless .
Thirdly , walkng gives you a longer life execancy .
Thre re a lot of stude that prove his .
Last but not least , you do nt ned any kind of speial equipment or people .
u can go walking alone and without shoe if you please .
Nevertheless , yo learn a lo of things out ay port once you start doing it .
Terefre , I wuld lke to share sme hing with you .
You ca tart wakng as ou lke , despie tht , you should wear comfortable clothes n shes .
The reas is that , he longer u walk , h ore o will fel wha you e wearing .
The sond piece of advi is that yu should ry to fin th best plces to walk aroun you .
Sightseeing is very importnt once you sar walking .
I hope I have convinced l of o to go walking .
I am a tre elieve in wlking .
Do o forget to greet me whe we meet on t roa .
Al student are different in terms of their cognitive styls , learng evels nd achievemets , as wl as motation , pernality , an pae of lrning .
hen there are students with vaied levels in Eglish , it m be challenging f teacers to prepare for or deliver h course .
Here are some of my olutions for this issue .
Firt of all , dermining the need of te studts is away he tp rioity .
While conductng a neds analyis , ou cn have a genra pictue of larners ' motivtion or lerning Engish .
Ate that , tacher are supposed to use partnership and gropng exerciss and ctivites in ore to meet he ndividual 's needs .
Throu teamwork , studnts at arie levels can coopera nd learn om each other through discussions .
It is beneficial for both te higher and oer ahiver because he can assist or get help fm eac other .
Differentiated instructions , giving diffrnt tsks r the same ctivty , e proven to be necessary in a las with vaed eves of sudent .
Teacers can assign aks wih av different lees of difficlt , or different nmbrs of tasks to sudent at different levels .
Moreovr , instead of using a core textbook , or using dfferet evls of extbook , caryng o a thm - based approach is more apprpiate , a it ls saves tachers ' prepraton ie .
nally , preparing supplementary materials f bot the uper nd lower levels of students , so that te higher acievers n sta excited an callenge , hile te lower achiever cn also lern at ther own pace of learning .
Yng people in Ukraine are mre coprehensively develped than ung eopl in USSR .
Now youngsters hv open accss to knowledge and iformation tough h Interne .
Students ha mo opportunities to lean languags , discover foreign exerience , pass internships and study abroad .
Th number of Ukrainian students h study broad incrass eery ear .
Our enration is moe developed a verse in sphere of modern cture , inluing art , music , lterture tc .
T most valuable thing is that there ar so many supporters of different tend in l these areas .
In Ukraine , young eole ae ifferen to .
ome people refer oe syle of usi , some - another .
That 's w it 's difficult to define one general styl fr h generation .
Dicussig muic styles , eople in my coury refer pop and rock .
We can dfie it by a ls of the O msic chrt on muc hnnels .
There r a t of Ukrainian ecutives .
It 's necessay to emphasize that Ukraina muc has changed a lot rom the ime of Inependence and is now dveloping vr fast .
If we speak about TV progra , Ukrainian youngsters lie poular America and Russian serials , like the Thor of big an , Suits , Breaking bad , the Gme of thrones , t Kitchen and so on . I us adi that some representatives of Ukrainian out atch too man serials and waste a lot of their time .
I think this problem is ypicl fo almost all countries .
In lthes , youngsters prefer to wea amous fashion rads .
May eopl follow fsion designers .
It 's intereting to metion that there is a fshon or Ukrainian traditional cthes " vshyvanka " o .
I hop after reading my report yu il ve sm minimal understandin of Ukrainian reality .
Also , I encourage y to sit Ukraine and to see is ghts , to el the cutre ad speak to ne people !
I iv in a small town called Tui .
It 's in he northwest of Spain , in Galicia .
It 's a smal tw and there are not o many otions for travellig by pubic trnsort .
My town a got a lt of little vilage around it , and it 's ery difficult to creat a publc tansport service , because there are long distances between the different places , ad tee ar not eogh pople to make it proitable .
If u an to go to Vgo or anohe city wch is nearby , the coach service is a od n not too expensive option .
The coaches a sow , so mt peope prefer the car .
If yu destination is further ay , noter good opio is to travel by train .
We ae o a smll train station in Tui , so we c go to a lot of places by train .
e train is oe xpensive , but at t same time , it is mo comfortale .
So I thn tha rating a mll bus line etween the village wul help a lot of people , espeialy t older ones .
Dar Sir / Madam
I am writing in conecion th your job adertisemen ( Club orgnser ) which I 've se on th noticboard of my lagage school .
I have ben learning English or 5 yeas and I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) son . I also write a blo abot art in English .
As a member of the student club at my ollege , my responsiility is to rganize evet n collaorate wih mny students fom dfferent departments .
orking on prjects hlps me impve my orgaizationa and planng sill .
In order to create an maintain a team irit , I e differen tools ik icereakers ad energizers .
Wtching ovies in groups is a great a to dicuss ifferent topc , like justice , pesonal identiy a discrimiatio .
At th beginning , shot and animated movies would be th best , such as the movi " Validation " , which teahes us how word ave the power to change o lives .
Wh my experience a range of skills , I am se I ca contrbute to your idea and orgaie grt movie nights .
If I can provide u with any urthe informton on my bakgrund and qualifictions , leae e me know .
I lok forward to receiving your repl .
Thk you for or conideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am happy that you have hose to spd next year in my coutr .
I am ure hat y will in Brazil a perfect fit .
First of all , I oud like to sare wi you my thougt on trelling in Brazil .
As a coutr wh one of the lnest coastline in t wol , I definitely wud ecommed you to visit th beautful beaches we have .
I would also reommend y to visit the ty of Rio de Janer , there you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a moder and international city .
o il be amazed by " Crito Redetor " and " Corcovado " . I have no words to describe how beatifl hy are .
Another vry god option is explorig Brzil 's Northeast , which is as beuiful as Ro de Janeiro is .
About orking , I think you hve a great chance to find an opportuity to work in one of many multinational companies we have in razil .
Mo of the biggst American companies have ben in Brazil for a on me n , as an English native speaker , it wl be easier for you to find an internsi .
The ne months that yu wl spend travelling around rail wll give yo a btter understanding of Portugee a that ll be an advantage to you whe fining a new jo here .
I have ma tips to shr with you . I 'll be la to do it in peron whn yu arrive .
Oce again , ther is no better place in e wrld to spnd thi te o he available .
I 'm looing fowar to eetng yu .
Thanks
Mr Jaolka
Welcome to London , tourists !
This epot shuld help you buy genuine god om our city .
First of a , you should avoid sal mrke places .
Tey ae kow for lling ake products .
An examle would be th amde own arket .
If you 're loking for top quaity prdcts , we woul rcommnd oig to the Wstfiel sopping entre .
ou wi fd p notch eletronics and genera goods .
If you prefer shoping outsde , taking a trip to ing Street wld be the thng to do .
If o wa typical souvenrs , yu an go to Buckngham Palace , you will nd a lot of all sho that sell souvnirs fo a reasnable price .
Dear ul ,
It a great you hear fm you .
I 'm sory I haven't written sooner , but I as sill very bu .
As ou now , I enjoyd helping at a concert last wek .
It a a relly xhaustig b ilumiating expeiene .
It was a chary concert , the incoe of which ws intndd for cildrn who uffer frm ance .
The ain task of t vlnteers w to olect money .
I sl tickets before e oncert , and te , ring the concet , I hele tk care of eurity .
It wa a trl amazing evnt .
We tried to make eryone hav fn .
There were a lt of visitors rom other coutrie , so we often had to translate the conversaton and hlp wi communication .
erything was w to me ad ver exciting .
But te mos memorable hng was a metin with th stars of the oncet .
Th e really geat people who wn to el otes , withut py .
Apart from that , everthng 's fi her in oand .
Do n't forget at o 're lwys wecoe to coe and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we cn take part in a smilr event , as a volunter , together .
Anyw , I mus go now .
Write oo and tell me how you 're gtting on .
ts of Lov .
an .
Dear frien ,
I could n't be mor excite abou bein in the UK for six month !
I aee wit you ta I 'm brave , but I hik I ned th ti to relax after all te problms at I had with my randmther .
I 'm plnning to improv my English and I he already registerd on a coure .
My classes wll be rom Monday to Friday , bt just in e mornings .
So , I will ae time to also learn more about Britsh cultue and hitory .
I 'm ure that I will njo visiting all te famous castls and curches .
Yu ow hw uh I wn to graduate in History .
Besides that , I would loe to travel to other Europn countries .
T weekends a a perfect time f ts .
Do you think ou coul join me ?
It wod be amazin !
If yo ca n't go with me , I think we could go out sm ights .
Wich countries do n't ou kw in Europe ?
Take ca n I hope to hear rom you oon .
Dear Ms Rchards ,
I 'm writing to ply for a ob in summer camps advertised on yor website .
I hve gradated fm Teacher Training Universty of Sain - Petersburg ( Russia ) , where I completed a dege in educaion .
I have a hh lel of spoken Englh , as I have been earing it since ear ildhood .
I ad penfriends in the United State of America a Ausralia .
oreoer , I attend speaking cub , wher ative speakers lead the group .
I have sme relvant experience , as I ae worked in a kindegarten n dne some bbystting simutaeously wi my studis at the univeriy .
After gradaion , I pent two years working as a supplementary educatin teachr .
My tas include orgaizng sports an other actvties o children .
I was als in charge of proviing af d entertainin activities .
Rference a enclosed .
I am vry enthusiastic about workig wit childen an woul welcome te chance to mk ew friends .
I blive I would be suitable for he o advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful and ndustious persn .
I would readily meet the challenges of the jo and hanle the respnsibilitis .
I attach a full CV and if o reuire more nformaion , I would be vry hap to provide it .
Your sincerely ,
Margarta Gavrilova
O chol ace .
Dancing is soethin that humn beings ha always oe , in one way or another .
Threfore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admit that I loe allet .
Even if tere ae a lo of variants , I prefer classical ballet .
When I was a cild I anted to learn w ballrinas could dance so gracefully .
Alo , I always love classcal music .
Fo me it was t perfect combinatio .
Luckily , we got wrd of a ancing shool .
Tt , by chance , haened to be ner my town .
I spent four ears doin one of he this I love the most ; dancing .
Sady , thin do n't lwys wk ot te way we xpect .
Just as my enthusiasm for ball thive , my grades in school kp allng .
Consquenly , I hd to lea .
The ar som things y hould take it nsideration if yo at to ty this sport .
Ballet reques a lot of tie and effort .
It 's not only a physical sport , yo really eed to t your nd into it .
Furthermore , balle is expensi . Supposing ha this ye of dan is n't a traditio in yor coutry , prepare to open your walet .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , he older brother of Hldn Caulfield who is te man haracter in Te Catcher in the Ry by J. D. Salinger .
me of the selected aspects o his assignmet we h characteristcs ta Holden says he lis in oher of s favoite bos , ine his is on of tem .
D. B. Caulfield is a wrie and he ued to write short stoies , incudng a bo of hrt stories titled he Sret Goldfish , in hch y ca find Holdn 's farite one , h Sect oldfish .
Holden tells us that his other is now witng o Holywood .
He does not like ta his broher is " prostituting imself " by writig scripts for movis , inc he oes n lk oies .
T purpose of ths assignment is to explre th possible short tor D. B. wrote d that Hoden iked so mu .
This as ahievd by sin as a refernce t nformation that Hlen gives us about this sht story ad inluing things in it that he might like .
After gving instructions for stag three , I wa busy checking the register . I d n't montor Ss fo t first four minutes .
As a result , I found two Ss oenng thr boklts and redig h original text to cpy the sentnes .
I was luk to notice that a I ade it clear to h wle cass that they shoul n't pn thi bookets .
Aso , Ss wee writg th sentences individaly in ther notebook nstea of chosing ol ne person to write o th whole team .
I actually hd to stop t whole clss and k them to nminate one peron to write for h whole group .
I also noticed that one tea wa ot writg anything .
We I approached them , he sa te cold n't reeber th exa words that were dictated .
Aother ea used t words to make setences ta ee unreatd to the story .
Ss could hardly hear each oer ell because of t ectangular aout of the room .
The chairs we plce in a U shp , which ae it difficult fr tea membes to discuss her das and to maintain eye cntact .
Additionally , one tem had finsed reconstructing their story whie other ams needed more time to finh he tas .
I forgot to preae exra materials for fs finishes .
I a luc to remember te wd searh at the n of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pis .
I lso forgot to st the tme fr the activity .
Ss id n't knw ow much time thy had to finish e tak .
As a result , one team only finishe half of the enences .
De Pau ,
When I agreed to go and hp out at the ocert , it ws no istae to do so .
I enjoyed every asec of the experience : the peopl , the music , the atmoshere , ... When I first arrived at ta building , I oul n ind th etrnce .
Tn o of the band members and so ery visitos came aog d too me to the other se of t street into a pub .
From the corido an underground pathway led to the basement of the strange buildig opposite .
It is til a myste to me w so any people managed to fid her wa inside , bu we we wre in the concert hall at last , hundreds were ther already n people were obviously lauging aout t ct hat the main entrace had magically disappeared .
The atmosphere ws rally nice ; e people er so light - heted and I just fel like I coul be friends wh anyone immediately .
Of course , I originally went there to ok : putting e chairs and tables rig , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well d , n keeping an ye on the cash coter .
But o the greatest rt I ws abl to just liten to the music an sn along with th jovial gs leaing again the bar .
u I realise now that it 's qui lat already nd that I oght to sleep . I 'll write the et to yu as soon as I a ; I haen't told you the bst part yt !
ee you so ,
Greets
5 .
Way Forwd
5.1 .
Raisig he academic performance of Sudets
T principal is ddiated to deeoping a avourable lerning environment .
Given the learning experiences in the ast two ear s ' school - based support , me sound tachig srategie hae been developed n these include the povision of adequate language inpu , ELPS and Thinking Tols .
Al of the above have been making good progress in devloping e P.1 - 4 school - based mathemats curriculum hile there is still an area fo eveopment in t P.5 & 6 mathematics uriculum .
In view of hes favourable conditions , high expectatos cul be s to irove the learning rcess a ehance the learning peformance of NCS .
The impovement of T resul an inernal reults celebrated h success of teachers ' efors .
or collaborative efforts should be made to make use of the sound teaching strateies with the i of improng the learnin performance of NC .
5.2 . Sustainng capcity buldin throg CP
Gie the experience gained in te supor services , many mathmatics teachers have been equipped with ncessary skills in identifying the learnig nes of stuents d deeoping effective stratgies for tahing NCS .
h schol coul consier stepping up collaoratie efforts in developing oerence in curriculum development .
The CLP could be furer dopted as a vhice to ientfy th lernng eeds of students and to build capacity of achers .
More professional pprtunities could be purposefull rraged to expor some efectve strategies nd promot discussion amn teachers .
Sharing amon teachers could be encouraged to understand he learning of NCS .
Technology pla a key roe in ou mdern livs .
Nowadays , with the development of gentics , we might be able to sp wrl famine .
h research don in this field has provide new mehanisms that gve t iprssion of being an alternativ to ied te necessary amount of rps f huans . Unfortuatey , there is no vidence of GMC 's bein competely safe for human consumption .
It might be a cause of concern that al the esearh done ha been undr the control of private orporations that de full access to experiment eport , leving a cluster of questions without any answe .
Companies like Monsanto that engineer pnts wih sterile seds , encourae non - sustainabe prouction models that promote the extinction of inepedent armers who hae to choose between their liestyle and th ew farming era .
Acordin to an ricle ublished by UNAM in 2001 , the introuction of M 's hs hd a huge impact on he glob market .
The Monopolistic and monopsonic feaurs shown in GM companies etabish that t resech ne in ths fied s nothing to do either wt science or with technoogy and even less wt global food ecurity .
The usae of genetically modified cos a pove to be angerous f humans as el as for the environmnt .
In hir qut for the perfect se , genetic engineers he stengthened crops that a estrying the eds ' bioiversity , as sand by research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are theatenig to huma helth bcaus they present ore toxic trcs than nn - odifid crops .
Consequely , we must be arful with e decision we ae .
It is worth mentioning that we never kno t impact tat scientific rsearch an harvesting echniques are goig to hve on ur lis , but e fate of those imprvemnts depends on the aplication th humans give them .
In conclusion , I wuld ater y that coanies ut reinforc our humanity before manipulating the environment in uc a rdical manner .
ENGLISH - LANGUAE TV POGRAMMES IN ITAY .
Introdcton
The prpos of th port is to analys ad assess t ipct of English - language elevision prgrammes on Itlian culture an to ae suitable recommendations .
Popularity of English - language TV programmes
The presence on electroic evice of Engish - language TV prgrammes is boming more and oe promnent .
A survey w carried out in e most oplated Italian cities and 20 itizes er intriewed on 2nd October to quantify their interest in this segmet of he national TV schdule with the followg reslts :
• 40% of tose ntrviewed , st of whom hve proe to be young pepl , declared ht they tch Elish - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
• 30% of tem sted that they ach te at most twic a wee , but they uld do so more often if hey were subtitled ;
• 30% of them si tey neve wach them .
Peple ejy listening to e riginal uio , which entails realism and naturalness .
Besie , avoidig te dubbing prcess , episodes can be se in cocert th ther original airing .
pact on local cultue
Although t imprttion of sh programes has h positive effets , such as the introduction of new perpectves on differnt aspects of life , it has also had negaive oucomes .
Ialian companies mut face the challge st by h market demand ue to the importation of many foreign traditions .
ecommendatins
It is ighly recommended that the governmnt should provide adequat financial support to traditional small businesses .
I would teefore ugest that local prodcts be protected d valorised , to be ale to respond to te threat epresened by low - price imported ones .
An ineligent person nce said : ' he world is a ook and thse o do not ravl read ly ne page . '
I totally agee it hs tatement a , to my md , peope shold travel a lot , because ou world is incredible .
But there is n mor question : travel by a or publi tansort ?
ist of ll , of cour , travelling by car is mc more convenient th , for example , by bus .
You can ive wherever and henver yo wt .
Even just in citi , let alone travelling ln distances .
u , on the other hand , a traffic am or bad weahr can make r trip incnvenent .
oreovr , here a not many prkng pacs in big cities .
econly , traellig by ublic transport is much cheaper .
Not veryone n afford to trvel by c every d , so ty choose ubic ranport .
hirdly , we should tke car of or enviromen !
Cars polte our ir , whch leads to many diseases uc as asha , allergies n vn cancer .
Moreover , ars releae pisonous exhaust fms and chemicals into th air , which mix wt the water in the ouds , a t pluted rin , whch later falls , damages trees , lakes d buildings .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( or at est , ue public transport ) , bcause it is environmentaly friendly !
Sumary of the atile " Busness à la françis " which was written by imon Kuper .
By Arno rodeur , student number 1234567 , las ABCDE .
The diffeence in work etings between the Brits and French are tat the British nt to ake ecisins nd e ench like a debate w me , as is written in a guide to Frano - British buiess relationships .
The piion of Sim Kuper is tat the min reso or the misnderstandings are different languages .
his is in contrast to the guide " Light at the d of the Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the Frec ad British in Business " plished by h French chamber of commerce in rat Britain .
The booklet pubihed in 1944 by th UK 's Foren Ofice , " instrctions or British Servcemen in Franc " is still sefl for mst , noways .
The late actor , Louis de Funès , is mentioed as a rle mdel by t camber of commere 's gude .
When u get hired by a Brtis mpoyer , it will be because of yor experience or achievements as a leader in sprts .
In France , the level of education is t an reason or hiring soeone .
he Briish do n't sa what they a thinking , in cotras to the Dutch .
The chamber 's ide was written by business en and omen h were familiar wt the hbits of both countries .
Somethig to reemer is that people allow each other hei own natinal habits , up to a certain point .
In 1995 , the Frech came to ntie hat hir laguag was n't enough r doig busness worldwide .
Ts is one of th reason why most Frenh une 50 do n't speak English very well .
International relationships are built by people ho can spa te sa language n ho are at th same lee in thir vocabulary .
e ativ spaers seek each other out ; the British get togher with the Americans , and t Frech , wel … ty e on their own .
If e Frenc ad British soke the same languge equally , trade would go up by 44 pe cent .
It 's no use teachng Fenh in schools , because the French only accept near native spakrs .
It 's beter to talk Engis an foc it on tem .
« I 'm 22 years l nd my ae is Daniel .
I li in a smal town called Grycksbo and I 've been prt of Unga Kris volunteering programs ine the summ of 201 .
At first , I joined Unga KI an staed vlunteering to have f d meet new people .
o that I hav bn volunteering for a wile , my exectations have chngd : Un KI is still a place where I expect to have fu and meet nw pope , bt I also eect to grw even mor as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different soial situatins . »
I choe hi pic because I thik voluter wo is important .
Volunteer rk prvies an organizaton with fre resoures to ep it achieve goals .
In man cae , volunteers e crucial to hepin supprt if , as wh meals ar delivered to housebound peope .
ometmes volunteer work , such as renovating a playground , benefits the boader cmunity .
A while volunteer wk is imprtnt or th individua and comunitie srvd , it also benefits te volunteer .
I ave already done vouneer work and it 's something I wnt to do agai .
It 's omething tht is part of or goth to aduthoo .
When I ws inteen , I started and rn my own business . For me , it ws on of th mo exciting choices that I mde .
Of course , without the full spprt of my amly , I could n't have ne it .
At frt , I ound it an exhilrating an reardig challenge , atough it ws a modest ho .
In fa , I wa responsible and I d the detrmnation and the skils , because I larned it om my parents .
But it wa n't enough . The fact of t mattr as ta I did n't realise that being slf - empoyd etailed se - sarfice , devotin my tme , eegies and a eat deal of patienc to the customers , it was so hard !
Ting gradually mroved da by day for a time and my revenue sarted growing .
So I did n't md worin aaist ti an r long hrs .
I got used to it .
I was very ambitious !
Durn he nex ten years , I was thrilld about the fact that I was able to put asi money in order to build our flat step by step .
Wh I got maried , thig quick went rom ad to worse because I had to wor o shifts , at home and he hop .
It s exhsting ! !
Introduction
he aim of ti report is to examine t possibility of hosting he Euopean football chapionhip in my country .
hi report outlines he benets and t ossible objection .
Locatin
As a mtter of fact , Budapest , the capital it of Hungry , could be a vy good competitor fo hstin this sporting event .
The river Danube dides Budapest ito w parts .
Marit Island is a favourite destination for runrs an overs .
The island oasts fres air and clear parks .
ua catle is an impressive ancient pictresqu buiding and an attractive turst loction .
Transportation system
Regardless of e de of ransort , fares ae ery affordabe .
he trnspotation system is effective .
T obsoet trams and trolleys have ben replaced .
h unergrund system can eas congestion .
Bicycle trai criss - cross he it .
u can ren bikes .
Facilities
1 . )
Pskás Ferc staium s ample seats for the spectators .
It is suitale o 68976 people .
2 . ) Airport Hotel is the closest accommodtion to e Lit eren airport .
This inexpesiv otel has 112 rooms .
3 . ) Le Merien is set in the ity 's fashionle businss hub .
e luxuriou otel s 218 room .
Cultural Lfe
e flourishing cultural lf will fascinate visitors .
he admission tickets to mt of Budapest 's musem are comparatively che .
I recomnd the Hungaran National Museum .
Objctins
The main concern is related to pety crime , especily pickpocketing .
In additn , homeless people have to sep in the street .
Suggestons
Old historical budings e in dsrepir .
h goverment shul renvae the builings , which would be grea shelters for homless people .
T olice chief should reinforce their patrol ffiers to tackle crime .
In conclusion , it would be a go idea an a vibe wa is through sponsorship .
Morovr , ti woud be advantageou both for the host city and the tourists .
It happened in May 2008 .
I had just graduated fom t Academy ad was on my summer holidays .
I wa looking o a job .
By ta tim I had attedd sx interviews , but nood was interstd in my candidacy .
I was a ttle i a , because all my friends had leady fond a jb .
I decided to go to my paent ' ad spend a fe week helpn hem th e renoatio of thr house .
It a the third day of my visit .
I was painting the fron wl of e house when a posan cae .
He brought a leter for me .
I was surprised because all my frnds knew tht I d n't be living at my parents ' house .
I opened th envelope nd fnd in it an ofer of empoymet .
At first , I di o undrstnd anything and I had decied that it was a mistk .
Bu then I ememberd that whe I w 15 I 'd sn my scientific wor to e Patent service .
It urne ou hat they se my wo to a fw nstitute and one of them ws interesed in me .
That da was h start of my scintific areer .
Our lf - 50 yeas om w
Mst pople hink that in 50 yrs ' time , we will ha used up al t Earh 's natural resures .
ey say that the Earh 's population will ne to nd and colonise w lanets as our forests nd fresh watr supplies will vanish .
Of course , al of th is unrealistic .
It 'll be iossible or people to lv on oter laets in 50 yar ' im .
Technlogy wo n't ha been adnced enou by that im .
t it 's no entirely impossible .
Tere is a little truth n pssibility in it .
In 50 years ' time , maybe not all of h natural resuces will hav be used up , but most of them then ll hve been exploited .
Mankid will hve found oter energy souces , similar to ind powere energy , solar energy and wter powered energy .
Maybe they will be usn atos or hydrogen , since hydrogen is all arun us ad it 's very powrfl .
I 'm ompletely cetan that 50 year from now we will stil be iving on Earth , athugh our lifestyles il ave changed a lot .
Many yun tudents who hve finished their seconay eduction woder whether thy should take a er off bfore th ma t ot imprtant decision about which university course hey find suitable fo hei future .
So , is it really worth etting away from it a n ettin f on a journey round the orld or getting their fir jo ?
On t on an , there are many students who strongly beiee that having a break for quite a long tie is a waste of time .
Firstly , mot tengers who ae against this idea ar cnvnced ta th university curs thy have chose will be e future career in ter lie .
Moreover , thy fel they have to make the most of their ie , to ecome a university graduate and e a fe in wh they really love .
Conversely , thee e many teenagers o need to ake their tim d see muh of what e world as to offer th .
Theefoe , they chooe a ob th is rlate to a hoby or sport so that th an ear from it d earn mony at the se im .
Ohes , by contrast , chose a country or race an itinerary to ravel to t place of their dams and e off to ie nw experences .
To my mnd , gaining eperience of an kid and taking a gap year before plunging ito pplying fr a unversty course il broaden oung peol 's perpecive on life n will help them become more confident about wht the really le .
If thy are lucy , te a end up orkig in nother cuntry or their hobby could ecome their career .
I learned somewhre th the st thing to make a path through you writing is to start ting .
I 'm not sre if this is rue or not , ecause I 'm not here to dge or comment on th authenticity of the staement , u rthr , I 'm here to make my path though wrting .
What is a pah through wriig ?
H can smeoe kw th have got t talent ?
ow c hy kno they have h guts ? Wha I believe , ad I think it 's true , is ta courag , boldness and callousne make people wie truly what hy tin , without a les , withou a camuflae n witout any kind of bunished layers .
riters oten make their masterpiece shiny a glowing in rdr to make tem more ccetable to people , less hocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers ad te intention of esaping we hy pcked that ece of writing in t frt pla .
People hold different view abo t aues of crime .
While some people argue ht bad man natue is the reason , it is undeniable hat ocial problems and indigence are responsible for the prliferaion of wrongdoings .
To bin wit , it is tr hat hmas ar oft born wih greed ad selishnes .
For example , it is n difiult to se t medi alkig about a son w kil his parents fo money or a girl who is murdered by her oyfriend ut of rg e to jealousy .
These crimes my be committed by sensble peple who are not abe to control themselves at crucial time .
hus , bad personality an be the seed of crime .
On te other and , I wold argue tat poverty can be th major caalyst of criminality .
This man th a number of offenders can nt sustan their livelihoo , and te desperately xperence imited oions f aring money .
As a reslt , they ar asily attractd by the allure of wlth , whih leads to illgal activities uh as thft , kidnappig or drug traffiking .
Big cities such as aoi or New Delhi wtnss a growt in jvenile delinquency , whic mostly sem from ural and nderdeveloped are .
The proliferation of the crimes undbtedly a a negative effect on he city 's ife .
In addition , h prevalence of media sch as telvision or te internet is parally to blame .
Th effect of adult movies on he Internet a caue offence sh as rap .
Al , films an vido games containing vioet scenes c stimulate udiencs to imite thoe ct ad cmit cries .
This is particular ommn among young pople , who r uable to differentiate between fiction and relity .
In cocusion , although human nature is likly to be a cause of crime , I od h ositon that crime ocus de to the medi and poverty .
In the past , people usd technology as a tl for making survival an easier endeav .
Noways , we re witesing a shift in the role technolg is plying in r society and may cntinue to py fr geeratios to come .
In the modrn - day world tehnology is no loner a ool for survial t it h turned into a means of communication and enteainment .
Mass communictio echnology has ae it asier thn er to conet th people .
At h se tie , ti aises the concern of whether tchnology has a ood or bad influence on our society . Is h use of technoloy estroying face - to - fae interacton an communication betwee people ?
Whenee yo 're in a coffee shop , standing at a u top or ting the tb , o c esil ee how eople are connected to eh ohr using different sorts of electronic deces .
The pmary concern egarding this ne communicaion behavior is whetr it makes face - to - face interaction and communication etween people nnexistent .
Ths is ue in many repects as this may la to lvng in a irual orld tht only inluds interacting with people through texting and scial networks .
is leads , ong other things , to the possibily for pople to be onel , as having too many virtual friendships causes an nabilty to establish meaningfl relationships .
Th youg geneaton in our socey ae artcipating in a massive , unintentional ocial exerient te results of which a not entirely predctable .
Nowadays , socety tends to prejudge oers just because of their actions nd withot kowing the rl motive of their behaiour .
But wit Colton 's quotation , we c clearly see that it has happened o ear .
I personally believe that imitation is ju e sincerest or of admiratio .
In our current society , we can see it daly .
Lo of children get thir hair cut like teir favourite football plaer 's , others dress lik ther favourite actors and ctreses or even ault t like her role models , just ecuse they all do av somethng in common : tey adire those eople .
Flattery is different . It is easier to recognize .
If omene depends on o and s / he is constantly aing attention to ou ad being , in a olloquial way , a " brown nose " , u notice an bcome aware of it quickly .
Just ecause of thei attitude and aptitude , their behaviu … simly in the w thy act , we can se their intntions .
oadays , in ome specific cses , people , if he wn to get a god position or be promoted , flatter .
A we c ee hse examples in may situations , he we nd inept and incompetent worker .
Wen geting tee js is not hrough civl serice exas , I think ther ar only to ways : inlunce or lttery . A to be hest , I do n't kow wha I pefer .
To m up , I woul like to inve people wh agre with the quotation to ethik their oinion ecause everything is not what it seems to be .
I ca n't tink of any o reaon why I ant to be a sureon .
But I a think of a thousad reasons why I should uit .
They make it hard on purpose .
hre r ves in ur hands .
There coes a moent hn it 's me than just a ga .
And yo either ake that step forward , or un around a wak away . I culd ut .
ut here 's the ting : I love the playing feld .
It 's l aou lne .
The finish ln at te end of residency , ating in line for a chance at te oprating abl , and th , tre 's the ms imprtant lne .
he line separatig you fr the eople u work ith .
It des n't help to get too amilia .
To make fiends .
You nee bondries between you an e rs of the wod .
ther peole a far too mess .
It 's al about lines .
rawin lines in the nd , a praying ike hell no one rosses them .
But there e sm lines ht are way too dangerous to cross .
But here 's what I kno .
If o 're willing to take te chance , the view from the ohr side is spectacular .
Ther 's another w to survive this cometitio .
A way ha no on ev ses to el o abut .
( Mereith is eaving o th day .
She ee Viper with hi friens nd they sml at each the ) One you have to lan r yoursf .
Numbr fe : it 's n about th race at al .
There are no inners or loers .
Victories e counted by the number of lves saved .
d once in a whil , if u 're mart , he lif ou sae ould be yor o .
I am really interested in matil arts , such as Aikido , Jdo and sl - defense , whic I have alrea practed .
There are soe that do t need too much enrgy and strength , such as Thai chi , ad thes that need ore , like Karate , Juo , n so .
hee kins of spts have some advantages and disadvantages .
Te fir avantag of matial arts is to improve elf - confidene .
Wen u practise martial rts , o lear ho to protec yoursef agaist an sudden attack .
u il get read to fgh wit otrs , regardless of their strength , age a so on .
When ou use a techniue successfully on yr oppoent , yu feel re confidence .
he second advantage of oin martial arts is that you arn how to respect others .
Every time yu s a techniqe you have to show yr rspet to yur opponent , n als ther ranks , regaress of their e .
The third one is ovement and coordination between diferent pats of the body ; eyes , ands n legs .
Whn you e a technique or defend against a tchnique , you control your body 's movement a coordinat tem to ork at he same time .
Some pople think ther are me disadvantages , ie njur , n gettig aggressive .
Acordig to studies , mrial ar hv fewer iuries thn other sports like soccer .
eople ho actise maril arts e less agresive ecause th pracice cntroling their inner energy , an als respecting others .
I sgest tht everyone hould try martia arts .
But before strtig , you should evalate you ned an your health .
d whn you r starting , flow he dicipline an fnd the ideas d toughts that e dden ehid e movemet an techniques .
In the other words , tr to understand e pilosophy of e sports eore learning the tecniqus .
Last nih I ha the opportnity to attend a marveou play bsd on the book " Alice in Wonderland " which was enthusiastically recevd by both adults an chidre .
Te orginal work wa wittn by te mathematiian , logician ad ritish writer Lewis Carroll .
The wonderland at is described in the book is created hroug logic games , and , theefor , e success it h chieed in the most varied nvironmnts is undrstandable .
The exceptionl lay that we sa yesterday features all t iconic chractrs adapted to some extent to the psent time , sch as , the Wte Rabbit , Mad atter , he ue caterpillar or the Queen of Hets .
n of te igest differeces compared wi e book is e atmosphere ceaed on stage and the characterization of the characters .
Th only egative comment I coud ae is th you do t have the possibility to use you imagination in the same ay as when you rd he book .
However , I strongly recmmend oin to see this play ecaus it has a grat ppeal fr ot aults and chilren .
Le what was once , I have no doubt tat this world of oners will emain important in th coing years .
Ratonal :
" Encourage learner uonomy - te teacher wo n't alwas be thre to provd answes " . Alternatives to wole cass feedbck oestopenglis .
is leson was h tir trail of giig studts written instructions and having hm explain to their classmats what activitie eed to be done .
This ti , in order to futher reduce my T , I handed over t correction of ativiies to the tudets as wel .
I hoped that by handing ov coplete cntrol to the cls , ti would give them mre hance to prctice al world discussion n negotiation techniques .
The amount of talig done by t tuents wa more than pleasing .
They enjoyed being the " boss " d telling other stuents wt to do .
I d an exact cpy of wht e students had on heir cle rds on a seprate piece of paper hs ti , rher tan in he lesson pn itself .
This made everythng seem ls cluttered and more maagable .
I highlighted anyhng ha reuired ction frm me on my copy of the clues , e.g. haning a student t nsers to an exercise .
Gvng te stuets the answers to the exercises ws a ptially efficient way to courage e stdets to speak moe .
I found that the las challenged the tudet who ad h answers , if they d written down sometng different .
I found that he challenged each other more hn they eer do me .
This method made t cls lively and gave th sudent a chance to realy defend ther poins of ew .
Thy ed a o of language tha the wud be able to use in eeryday discussions ( arguments ) ouside of the classom .
This is the first time I hve red this method a I neglete to leave the tudent extra te to be ab to benefit fll fr the exercise .
They ejoyed he exercise so much that my timing was copletly off .
I dcded to cut an eercise in ode to let the sudets contiue teir dscssions .
In hindight , iving this uch control to the class n introducng a new a ticky grammar int ( ast odals ) wa o the bs hoice .
Inight for fure lessns :
Te nt ie I do ti lesson , I wil us a more skills - based esson with perhaps a litening or a short reading .
If grammar was rt of the leson , it would need to be a point hat is being reved .
Dspite having timing issues , I fel that , hus far , this was the cas it the most natural udent participation and th lowes amount of TT .
I thoroughly enyed the lessn and , ccordig to studet feedbck , so did they .
Lst ea , I sited one of te mst hstori a famous cities in e wrld , Re , a cy wer you cn fd a country inside it .
It 's a city were ou an recreate a prt of Euopen history , than to h ancient an magnificent bildngs , and where you ca enjoy the latest technology and ve fu .
I do ove h city , and I hope you ao like it .
I suggest visiting he aticn , as I said at the beginning ; the country inside the ci .
It 's a huge , hstoric and imposing building .
Inside it , we can find the well own Sistine chapel . I ca n't ll u what it 's like , becaue las year wen I wn , ere wa a changeover of pope , and it s cloed ad I could n't ente .
On he her hand , ter are mr laes to visit , like the Coliseum or something lse .
Whatver hppns , I 'm sure you 'll njoy h city .
Wh regad to the waher , I wnt in arh , and it was a little cool r my taste an it rained , so if I wre you , I wold go a few mnth later .
Furhermore , if you go in sumr , you ould go to a lively area and be wh the inersting and nc peope , u like every city , be careful in the rugh ares .
espite pepl 's opiios , if ou av he opportunity to go , do n't trow it away , and check it u or yourself .
FRIENDSHIP TODAY
ie the majority of ou , I ave friends h a still round me sce man yars ago , altogh we do n't e ach oher rgularly , otes have simpl slowly become less importnt and some , luckily , have recently entered my life .
At some point , ll of us have befited enomosly ro a ral friendship .
Wtout y dbt , a gd fried is a treasure .
Counting on someone capable of understanding yr nes , who hares with you ter innermost feelings and who is able to discuss possible misunderstndings , is totally rewarding .
As the saying gos , " A fried in need is a fiend nded " .
Neverthees , a frindship depends largely on sincerit ad eathy .
If ou respect yu frieds , the they will respect yu .
In other wrds , no matter hw fr away you live , a god friend wl lwys support o .
Cuiously , yu nevr know where y il nd a friend an evr stage of ou lie brings you th opportunity to tke advntge of ne eople ho maybe go to the same sports lessons as you or imply wrk in the sa company .
It is surprising the amount of nice eople round you somtmes , and it is a question of spending ome time to realie that u ow have w friends .
As I said befor , eery momen in your lif is diferen as your fieds probably are o .
Dr Al ,
Hi ! o are yo ? Have yu fud your car kys ?
Or have ty run wy ?
I wanted to ite to you earlr , but we had my sisters ' birthday part and I d an alleri reaction to something I 'd neve eatn efore .
At fst , we did n't know what it ws from , then I realiz tht the cake had blueberries , and I 'd never eaten on beore .
Aftr we te the ck , I found my o looking at me and screaming : " Oh !
Wht 's that ! ?
" , the I ound everyone staring at me .
Soe nly stred , soe scream , ad the othes lauhed at me , e peopl who wer screaming , and ho wre staring .
I i n't know what was happening , an y the ee actg ike that .
Suddenly , I felt my who body itchig me and mo took me upsair .
When I looked in the mirror , my face was spotd wit re pots and it kind of tuned purple , we I looked at my hads and my rms , thy were ll e from my fingers when I was sratching hm , nd t parts that wee n't r , they were spotted lik my fce .
Anyways , mom gave me a mdcine ( I do n't ow what it is ) , and a cream or my rms d ands because the wer turning lue .
But , thns to mom , I el mu beter now .
And do n't be afad , I 'm okay , and I eided to check everythig fo blueberries .
Hop to hear fro you on .
yours ,
Zaraa .
Wat is the expernce of erning anoth lanuage like ?
The earning of or moter tgue is a long - term process hat everyone has to be involved in .
However , anyone h is skilled in speaking a foreig lagage s a huge advantage in a competitive and goba society .
I ad he opportunity to have different language classes , such as nlish , Frnh ad Spanish .
On the n hand , I hae en lening English for so lo that my god profiency has given me the chac to get a position in an international tea .
On the oter hand , I have lered French and Spanish us for a few monhs , because I was curious to earn te official languge of the coutries where fends and reltivs e living .
I am only ble to read sile worksheets and to mae a bre presntation about myslf .
As a student of hee classes , espcially , of English , I realized that , although h classes er important , syteatic language practice wa essntial fr reaching an avance lel a , morever , o maintaining it .
Theefore , the hardest ask of learin anothr language is to kp a high evel of oivation to work on it d to pay for it .
Neertheless , learning anter language has many benefits , such as the ability to lve in n visit countris it dfferent languages , meeting oregn pople , working in an international environment , reading books or webites in other langaes , et .
Thus , I sugest at eeryne learn another lanuage , in oder to be a citze , not of a country , bu of the worl .
Th RUBBEECKER novel evie by Marian Grco
Bauer 's forh nel is an riginally surpriing thriler hich inclue an astoishing vi of Asperger 's syndrome rom e perspective of Patrick , a taiee medical sudent .
At h tendr ag of 18 n cping wh hi eccentric social code and l e possibl couage , atrick moves frm s moher 's houe to a reed fat in Cardiff to pursue h greatest dream ; work in e Anatmy Department at Cardiff University .
The writer lets us observe h ear , anxiety and e defencelesness of am , a neurological ptint w is jus einning to mege frm hi comatos tte and o has et to el wi the reality of his new situation , orting o ieces of memries involving relatives and t qui understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about laims to be his wf .
Ptrik performs e autosy of a brlliantly n finds t shoking information hich lead th read to the dscover of trac and indental eaths of neurloical patients involving octors , nurses and paties ' relativ .
In ts task , Patrick wll be helped out by Lex , the daughter of his autopy opse , to throw some light on he creepy suspicion of mdcal mistretent and its arkst consequences .
Petr loked at his watch a ke ta he d to do somthing immeiatel .
It was t late nd the hers were n't coming , te sn was setting and looking f th was n't an ption .
The hd to think , ad th had to do it quickly becase those things , t tigs tht cme ou at nit , ee grwig stronger an sronger .
Everythng sarted ih sm attacks here d there , u no oe realy knew wat was happenig , so te attacks were tagd as " animal atacks " .
But whe they became more frequent and itneses described huge , furry , dark d terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , aic grew in te ppulation .
Government authorities ol people to ta am and a curfew w esablised , bu Peter w on a camping hoiday ih his bet fried n nl heard this he they et anoter group of eole w , fortunately , had a radi .
They told them everythig .
In order to be trnger in number , they befriended those peope and they hped ach other .
The new goup worked very ell togete , bt there was this girl he just coul n't and at all .
Ad o he was alone ith her , witing r the others to com back .
" It 's the d of the orld , ad I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered . Te night ad lrady falle and he did n't wnt a nwanted viiors .
" Oh , shut up you elicate floer " sd te girl . "
Get ovr it !
We will have to get along if we wat to survive " .
He wrs of wisdom ef Pter tuned .
De amp drecor :
I hv worked fo a on time in a shool and I cnsider myslf ver gd with kids nd teenagers .
I 'm 23 ear l and love to coo and I alo love to be outdoors d play ports wit he kids , I lo oraizing activities for chdren nd actually playng th them . I 'm alwys cheeful an in a get mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I have a ood level of sokn Engli a I 've always een hardorking and energetic .
I 'm also very good at first d , so if someone is hrt , I 'm vey helpful th that o . I can do prey much ayhing that you an me to . I love l is ad I love sending ime with them , I lo playing ouide d caring for al t children .
Overall , I jst ov children .
Thank yu
Maian
Dear Pu , you are riht , it is really a brave ste u o kow hw erribe th situaio in Italy is and I ha decided to come to the UK to improve my CV as wel .
My pa is simple , I wa to ma the best of this Brtis exeriece by studying English and possibly by fiing a little jb .
By th way , if u c nd me a ls of job vacancies in your it it would be great .
At h moment I am stugging th the translation of my CV .
I am wonderi if u coul help me by ving me some tips to write a perfect , of at ast acceptale , CV .
I do o want to bother o but it wud be fantstic .
In rurn o your elp I coul teach you som Italian recies th I knw you are fod of !
I ve ut found cheap acommodatin in a hostel which is vey convenient for l e fcilities .
Even though I am s and I like my privacy , I ink th urin ts experine it will be bter to have contat wi forgn people to ractis my spoken English as mch as possie .
ow , t 's talk about h ood things .
The aim of this experience is also to he fun d a great time with y .
For example , wht aout going for some walks in the countryside or rentig a bik ?
I know that h contrside is eally lovly the .
OK , I hve tld you everthing and I eally shoul finish packing !
Thank y in advance and I am looking rward to hearing from yo .
ll the es
Silvia
I am rather az as a prson . I ca n't y I really enjoy sport in geeal , ut I definitely lov waking .
I tink it 's so effective : havig a lg wal in the green hils that surround my twn , breathing dply , enjoyng e perfume of natr and t wonderful sights d colours of flowr and trees , it 's he bst way for me to clear my mind .
Wh it 's suny , I love it eve mre if possbe : th warm hg of h u make me fel loed , cuded d so ratefu for that .
There 's no speci advice to gi to smebody h wnts to strt hs activity : if you am to do something goo for your helth ad r yor mn , just wear comfortable coths , put a air of trainers on , choose the mos insiring plce and ju go nd eoy every minute of it .
You m want some nice muc with ou , so an Ip is a handy solution to collect all our faourit songs and set up h perec sountrack to yor alkig civity .
I woud recommen 30 mns per day , to t the most ou of this activity : it des n't take up too muc of your are me ad you 'll et great eefits om it .
It 's very cea as well : apart fom your jumpsuit and a pi of comortabl trainers , it does n't reire a exta cost r technical or sophisticated equipment .
De Jo ,
Thank y for your emai .
I 'm realy happy tat you ae going to om to my country .
Actually , now I 'm staying in New ealan , t I n give you some adve aut travelling and working in Koea .
I thnk this will be a very good experiene for ou ecaus yo can lern aou another culture ad aother peple 's way of thinig .
So , I suest you y to gt a working holiday visa r rea .
If y ae that visa , you can travl and also ork .
As y kno , if you have a normal tourism vis , o ca n't work .
In Kora , we ave man kins of work hich are related to Enlish , so y c gt a job easily .
Also , if o want to wok a in or specific plac , such as an electricity company , puic offi an so on , you ca ply to an nternship programme .
If o gt the nternship , ou can work as a real businessm .
Hw long do you want to travel ?
Nomally , summe is the best season or travelling .
We ave lo of beautiful beaches and mountains .
In ummr , yo a ejoy ma activities on te beach and you n alo go hing .
In paticulr , I strngly recomend ou go to eu Islnd .
It is the most popular pce that pple wat to go to .
So , now I have to go bak to ok .
If you want to know ore inormation abu Koea , lt me know , d I do n't mind checking our pan to go to Korea .
ll the bes ,
Yeeun
It wa a winter 's nght .
ile mot people staye at home next to th firepace , I a on t point of canging my lif .
Not only was it goig to chage my lf , bt ls aoher person 's lie .
Sudenly , th streets of the villa were itnesses of e dreadful crime .
oe ay ater , somebody nocked at the door .
When I opened , I s handcuffd straight away nd I prtended to be surried .
When we arive at the polic station , I met an officer called Michael .
He td me he wa ging to interview me . I had tried to e rid of he oy .
Nevertheless , th police had foud h buried body .
Miael asked me whre I ad been at the time of the cime and I tl him that I had ben at hom hving a rest with a friend wo oul bear out t alibi .
Drin the interview , I realised the differet ways I could se to get away if I er aloe .
ortuntely , Michael , who ad n't thought of tht option , left the interrogation rom .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he h made a mistake .
eter lookd at is wth d kn tha he had to do something imediately .
Te was runig t , he thought to himsel .
Ee now , as he stood in t doory of this abandoned apartment biling he ke tha te may be t on his tril .
Wit ov o hunrd thousnd dollars in his bag , he was a giant walking target .
He smiled , nowing tat en he bet laid plan crumble ad was ad ht he was taugt to plan to police standads .
Peter began his slow dissent it the bowels of the bilding in ront of im .
Ragged and worn , it crtainly d sen better days .
Grafii covered he lwe portions lik a twisted skirt , doors mising , and widows ne .
His fet crunched on the ukown as he walked through te bandoed hallways .
ravelling further dw he found his destintion , a small tep stairase covered in dst and shrouded in a mis ie fog .
Pete 's had rked aound as he fit igs of his crime came to light .
A poce offcr 's car was oomig in his diection , rens blaing .
Now runng , Per son foun hmsel on the o floo .
i panting turned into a magnificent grin as he looed out the widow nd saw a black helopter heading in h dirtion .
Home fre , he thought to himself .
To begin with , I hin th mt peoe e their c to go to work and also when hey go on holiday or to e aroun the ity or twn becaue hy feel fe and do n't hav to y attntion to a timetable .
Besides , pulic transport is vy cowded wth pepl at peak hours .
u , on the oter an , we ey trav abrod , it 's esir to tke a train or a plane because you arrive faster an you need n't fid a plac to park your r nd , if you ant to go somewhre , you can ak a ta or a u or evn h undrground .
In conclusion , from my pint of ew , if you are in your o town or ci , you e or ar more often than wen u are viting another country d seeing the sight .
Anyay , I do n't think public transport has no ftur , but publ transport is ued on different occsios than befr and hen you go to a place you ow you wo n't be able to fnd a pace to ark d yo ca n't wate tme looking for where to park .
his diarm illustrtes e complete pocess of ote - making .
To mae bank nots , the first step is to properly desgn tem .
hle background color an artork r thorougy considered , security issue r one hig ht we can t ovelok either .
After his , mtal plates need to be prepared by sille machinists so as to proceed to ba note priting , in which sage sheets are ue to print ( ac containing 50 bnk notes ) .
Also , special ink is printed on both sides of the seet nd the imas are slightly raised .
Thn comes the most imporat stage -- ispecton .
In this step , workers are eeded to manually inspet the qualty of sheets and divide them into thee groups : go quality , partially daage quality and b quality .
Shets in e second roup th gt sepraed into go one , hich , ogther wt go quality sheet , enter a process of pakaging an istributon where eparte notes re cut and finally enter t mare , nd bad nes , which go to iposal wih d uality sets , where both goups gt ecurely destyed .
Tis leads us to th conclusion ta he process of ba note creation is seue as well as simple .
My boyfrend .
My boyfrien is th best in he tire und world .
He is my favoure person , and he alays taes care of me .
His na is Js and I ove him with all my heart .
I m hi two ers o at a party , d since ha day my life has chage in an different ws .
Whe I first sa h , I nev imagined tha I would loe that straner ts ay .
I have an memories with im , which I away keep in my heart even if they ae od or bad .
One of them was the day we went to a cocrt by our favourite DJ . We a so much n , we danced , ised nd sang like nev befoe that nit .
I ove it .
Th day is one of the memories I appreciate the most .
owadys , we are sil togeer , n we e as happy as in r begining .
As a secret I can te you ha I want to marry im so bady , I ear to g ha my life would be mh better if I uld li l of it with him .
Because I wn him to be my daghter's / on 's a , ad to share an apartment ith m , so we c buy our frst Chritmas ree as a couple with a real engagement , and ped evr holiday , irthday , a , minute wih him by my sid .
I ca finally just say that Jose is th ost beautfu accident that s appened in my life .
He ves my famil , my friens , my stakes , my bauty , a myself from hea to o , nd the ms mportant tig , he loves me wi l s heart .
I lo i and I know that I lwys il .
Alison ra e note , iled , and imediatel t on her coat .
any .
Thnk gd o hi existence in this wrld .
" It 's time fo us to shine , " is handwritten wds came to lif in hr md .
S coud disticly hear his low , manly oic in her head .
His deep chckles sll gave her butterflies in her stomach .
Her mind wadered to the irst moment e id eyes on beautiful Dany .
She urse r lips .
It wa o an absolutely pleasat exprience .
In ft , h wa stll cringing at ha ugy thogh .
Inhale .
The room wa fll of swty bodies .
Tey wer moving in slo - moton .
Every movmet seemed to take a minute to execute .
Alison took a step fowad and sammed into soeone 's sked t - shr .
Disgusing .
Aion quickl wied the remais of h erson 's sweat with her had .
Her lp crled in disgust .
" Excuse me ? " His voc boomed .
Te person was holding her wis , preentin her frm wiping n swa frm he ac .
Sh fnlly oked up .
Wide eyes , e lis , rosy chek , oad build and a little stubbe on his chn , he looked incredible .
he coul n't hp staring n relied is eyes were not the shade of n tpicl be .
Those blue ee , wer uh darker with insecurit , doubt and mystery .
Hr eyes gazed at is lps .
He mt he aplid some lipstik f tm to be that red !
Alon swallowed her aughter isie er , knowing this was no the appropriate tme to jk around .
" Excuse me ? " His oce boome lode ti tim .
Exale .
She opened her eyes .
She did o want to rmembr anything furhe on that nih .
It was errble but it was te only iht she met ann .
If ht terrible nght did not hapen , what is appiness ?
Wa is hope ?
Wht is lv ?
What is the point of liing ?
he knows , he knows an she kws it is so wrong to put ll happiness , dream ad hopes on someone that ay leave anytme , bt he cul not lp it .
We ee ee boo fo our schools
is is an ld petition .
Every ya we aste mne buying new boks f our sudents .
We also ast papr in tose books .
We do not ne to go dn ha ra gain .
We cn avid repeating the same mistake again d agn .
Frs of all , let me tell yu the advantages .
he e obvious , neverthelss , I fel I should repeat hem .
Each book a be use by mor than one peron .
Therefore , it is cheaper . We cn save money ad tre .
The former des not need any explanation .
The latter is going to be more important as time passes .
ext , we culd ask ou commuiy fr elp . I have some books in my library I could dnate .
I have th because I av aid for them , not f any ohr particuar reason .
I imagne I am not h only one o coud donate book .
Ls b not least , we could cree an association tha could be in charge of receivig book at the begining .
Later , it could suport other school nitiaives .
In conclusion , we should pvide fee bos for our students .
We ust stop wasti our esoures .
I am writing to expres my vr strng intees in and moiation to work in one of the lagst d most professiona cmpanies in the orl , such as your company .
As I am planning to move to Irelnd wtin evera mnts , I hav considered DHL as the bst choice for me in order to cninue my rofessional and personal develpment in the bs ay .
I believe I possess the necessary skils and exerience you are seeking d would make a valuable addion to or ompany .
As my CV indicates , I poess a significant and progressive experience in e field of transportation logistcs , oranistion of peopl as well as eqpment , analysing and optimising t tansprtation costs in bo domesic d international ransport etc .
u will fid me to be a relabe person w has a pofessional , lm and honest approach to all ok - elted matters .
Technically minded an wih good problem - solving skills , I am al to wrk ffectivey in st - paced a ee - changing environmets .
Additinaly , I ould like as to pint out some of my personal qualities and alues hat I believe ae etremely important in this profession , such as very hig motivation to ern and edcate re in ts field , great responsibility and reliability . Furtherore , I am ao very dedicated to hieving ny planned results a ols as wl as having wll dvelope communication skills etc .
ivn my reled experience and excellent abilities , I oul appreciate yr onsideration o ay available or appropriate postin according to my education and skills .
My CV , which is enclosed , inclue additional informaton on my experience a skls .
I look fowar to hearg fm you .
Again , thak y fo our consideration .
The treets wre cam ad the ights wr pleasant . Travelling at ngt s a pleasure in this own .
" So re we r " he sad , looking upwrd . "
We 'd better do u xm as oon as we an . "
They moved in e crowd th mde varius phone calls a alked aout their busy lives .
She lked aroun , akng face at everyone around her .
She mae a complain ; thy er so nnoying .
" You ve to do ou duty here too , remember ? We ae proess ac in the ote city . "
She oded an ma anthe effort to lok arund .
Wo could it be ?
It was difficult to tell .
hey needd someone wh loked important or rich .
omeone who kne o much maybe .
" hat about hm ?
" She pointd at a mn h a making a del with another an .
As usu , thy were talking about illegal hings .
" He wl be or ticket to the an building d to h em " he aid .
Tey go closer to the man .
He was king preparaions to mak a hg dal ith he oher person .
T othe persn was n't convinced , however .
They talked o ours . ne trying to convince the oher . He was doing his best , bt in e en , the oter man declined .
Whe he finishd talkng , he looke at the yug cupl in front of i .
" Wh are yu doing hr , pets ? !
" He made sure hs vice ws eard on the streets , to eafirm hs social position .
T yung couple rined . " You ave't heard about the md hackers , rgt ? "
They said in a delightful and evil tone .
He gasped a trie to scre , but it was oo la to u .
The controlled is mi .
e looked on r lptop , whee l te infrmtion in that man 's mi a displayed .
" Big . We got a ce . "
Sh mae a note and wrote it down .
She seahed the man , looin for an ID . e took it and as on as they t it , hy let th a go . He fainted and will not rememer anything that happed to is mind .
h coupl of tiees me their wy to th main building .
Th builing a luxurious an overe by h mos wonderful structres evr .
They entered the building with the a of he ID and made ue of the code to eer th intior of t building .
Thy went up to th receptionist .
" Are you to the peopl who will do thir skill st ? "
T couple odded and howe he ID of h m from the other ci .
Th reeptioist nodded and condcted both to he min hall .
What a inside wa dangerous u fascinating .
ey w every registe of te memoris of pple in tt town .
It was disturbing , as ds were also included .
The young couple contued forward unti th reached im .
One of th bosses in charge of suc things .
he felt soeow ervos . " I no we ae doing thi to eape thi inferno , but ... I have a ba feeling abut this . " But it was oo ate .
Tey made a decsin a one of the bosses was in fron of tm .
They alkd in to fi a ma lookin ou of th window .
" You w ar inally he . I knw w you are . "
It was mpossible . They deleted every i of information about theselve .
" i yo think you two were going to make un of me? ... "He uhed her ackards .
" Wecome to our tombstone , hackers . "
Yes .
Just as a cin ha to sides , television , too , has it pros and cons .
It offers unlimited entertinment as well as oo fo touht .
To quote an eample , the prme mnster of India recently launched a n channel clled DD KSN - t frs elevision chnel dedicated to farmers in India .
This would ep the arers to nw e ltest techniques ad trends in agriculture and will als enable hm to put arss their qeries to the oncernd specialists in eir iel .
Of late , debte on news chanel ar te talk of t tow where you ge to ko wat is happening in your country or neighborhood .
Sch programs also allow us to prticipate by givig or feedback .
et 's take a ok at ur cartn cannels .
Gn are the days en Tm mindlessly chased Jry .
Tee ays , we have many educational caroons tha tach ids how to draw , make cfts nd even learn lanuages .
Hence , I coclue tat television entertins as wel as educte .
Te ome of the future will lok more or less the am as t home of the reset .
Howeve , I belev hat their functionaity will change .
Even today , prcessor e in almost very device : dishwashers , vacm cleaners , television sets , even blenders .
So , how can we improve them ?
By hooking hem up to th Interne .
It y sound sll , but I hik it actually will ke tse devices more uer - fienly a unctonal .
Evn ow , we can by TV sts with an Internet connection , so deelopment of technology is not a prblm .
ut we hve to ask ouseves , h would we connect every devi in o house to the World Wide e ?
The answer is :
remote cntro .
Imagne you cul prgra your house to elcme ou ter a long da at work .
o come back and diner is ookd , al your favourite programmes ae recorded d read to wtch , yor bath is full of t water an you a just relax .
Reassuming , whle the design of houses a loo different , te mot significant hange will be in technology , which ill make ou life easier .
It has aredy one this , ut we stl ca n't se an en to th possibilitis .
Dear ir / Mada ,
I have rd your advertiemen in th local newspaper nd I am riting to apply for a job at USA SUMMER AMP .
I am a 16-yer - o eenagr fo Argentina a at prsent I am in a ouble shif secondary chool .
Apart from that , I av bee stding English or 10 yeas n I am sitting for Cambridge Fit Certificate in English nx ecembr .
Firsy , I wold like to y that I have some expeience of looking fter chiden becaus I worked at a ocal sumr camp last summer .
As pat of that o , I d to eac children to sm and I was in char of servig breakfast eery mornn .
As for my pesonalit , I would ie to mento tht I am a funy person who enoys telling jokes , making people laugh an even getting dressed up as a clown to entertain others .
Furthermore , I do ot mi workng lng ours .
I hope my aplicatin will be taken into consideration .
If o requir any furthr information , I am available for an nline interview .
hank u in advnce ,
Yours faithfully ,
Franco lderón
It 's no secret hat there has en a dcline in the se of transport such as axis ver since cs became ore affordable an your commn Jo becme capable of keeping one , w or moe r family . However , oes tt rely ean tt the ftre of public transpot lik buses is hopeless ?
People are becoming ore and oe aware of te strain te carbon ixide eissions of teir cas put on he environment , and many municilities hv lrady outlawed the ciculation of certain typs of vehicles in give parts of tir ctie to reduce atmospheric plution an improve h quality of is ai .
May affordable bs d metro pases and oter systems have also en creaed in order to motvae he citiens to e them , providing a quicker , and sometimes cheapr , alternative to teir own transport .
The recent fous on public transot , along wih the certin technological improvements and nnovations that will follow it , re going to revitalize e public transport ector and hopefully make citie more eo - friendly .
He walked as ft as soeon who kows h y .
Nothing as distracting his attention .
Hi head wa wdering arun e sweet sml hat made him fee nervous lie a chil just a few inutes g .
It ws n't only the smile , but the wy h talked to im , e lk in her ys n he firy attitde at a lled h stomach wit tiny butterflies an , as he was ging om , he started to reaize h love rnning through his ven , right to the heart .
The voices in hi ea kept repeating : " ichael , you should ve kissed r .
u do n't know if you ill ever have anther chance . "
On h other and , his wife , s o - so - lovel ife , always any and old as ic , s waiting fo him at home .
As ichael approached he ouse i elings dropped down .
Was h aln ?
hy is ta ar parked right at his ouse 's door ?
y ar all the ligt on ?
He took the kes from s ockt and approached carefully , lding his breath .
Michael closed the dor nd kew at ha momnt he a made a mistake .
If you ae a fan of romantic fils , you probay wo n't like thi movie . " Pleras en la niv " is a Sanih film based on a book writn by Luz Gabas whih is abu the le of a Spanish man o gs to Bik to rk and he falls in ve with a ativ woman .
The problem wit thi movie is not e story , becue the bok is fantatc an when y read it , you really ca el t etions of the characters .
So the problem f me is t wy te movie is made , it severa changes from the original script .
Furthermore , e main actors ' perfornce is t ey od because he ae not completely inside the roles .
Although thee re a lot of things whic coud be improved , nt everythin is b in his move !
An example of that is the extremy amzig soundtrack wi a realy beautiful son by Pblo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
Oher good features are t costumes and h landscapes , which ive h ovi a vey realistic image and cary h spectators to that ie .
Dear at
I 'm realy glad to ar from o !
It 's been a long me since we last contacted eah oter .
So , you do n't know what to do with ur roel , do u ?
Do n't wor , I 'll try to ake it asy o you to decide which is th option that sus y est .
On the one hand , you 've be doig srt since yo ere seven yar old and I undertand it 's vy imprant for you .
It 's an ctiviy that ou need to do every a , nce it 's a ood way to kp fit .
However , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessary to work ut that much to be healthy .
As a matt of ac , you js hve to ea a balanc diet ad do sport twic or hree times a wek .
That way , u wl be abe to do sport as wl as going to muic classes .
On he other ha , you lov playin pno ad , in my oinion , y wo n't be able to kp it up if you give up music classes , as yo do n't hav n instruments at home .
Besides , I do n't think yor parnts would bu o a piano , sice it old really nno your nighbours .
Besides , as I hae already said , you can exercise tree or fu hour a week instead of oing every day to your training session .
As I see it , you could n't live thout music evn if yu tried .
w it 's your time to choose .
I hope my avce maks sense to yu and tha it eps it your deision .
Be of lck ith your demma d do n't forget to wrte an tell me the outcome !
ov
Aiana
The majoriy of people thin of sport as a way to relax , to gt thi , or to ke fi .
However , I see sport as a physical actvit , where I cnstntly hallnge melf to achieve better results .
It 's just like a competitio when I pratise prt .
My favourite spr is swimng . I can on practise it in my free time , as schol keeps me very sy .
When I 'm bl to , I go swimming twice a we fr two hou each .
At est once a mth , usually on Sundays , my friends ad I od a competition .
It is in hee momnts that I gie it my al d realie that al the practice I d really paid off .
Swimming gies me a huge amount of satisfaction and so uch desire to kep on halenging myself .
This is why I sugges people ie swimming a try .
ea Edtor ,
I am writing to infrm you tht the package holidays to Madrid you e curently advertising in yo newspaer r apparently not wha thy caimd to be .
I believe u suld be uly infored abot the qualit of e services in h advertisements you publish , as yor readers could be negatively biasd gaist your apr du to uh incidents .
Generall , th holida as a hoe a od enough , as e os imortan -in my opinion- aspect , like the quali of he guided tous nd e accomodation , were ery high .
Neverteless , there were mny inaccuracies in the adverisemen n certain spect of h holiday wre chaotic .
The irs ay a a great shoc to me as I ralized I wuld be art of a group .
The tourist agecy made grop ookins , wch resulted in e unusally low price of h holid packae .
Spending hlidys with a group a be vry covenient and , for some people , is th nly y of travelling , u the dvertisement did not stte clearly ha it concerned his pricular type of oliay , wih made me and some othes feel deceived .
Another pot of concern a transportation .
We had sevra problems , especially with the b , which was often delye a in one cs it ve caused us to miss a schduld gided tor .
I believe there is plnty of room o improvement since , altough the rolems were nt insuperable , hey ausd gret nconvenience .
istly , a bettr trsport ageny should be found fr the former difficulties to be prevete .
Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is vey asy fr someone to miunderstad them .
But e most iportan issue is the impoement of the genel organizaton .
Much tim lt could have ben svd with a fw phone cls . r eaple , wating for half an hour in a queue could av ee prevented if a cal h been me to the museum bfre we aried ere .
I assum that th tourist agency can hik of btter solutions than me , but I ho ht my recommedatios wil be taken seriousl .
et Regards ,
There ar six mai haracers : Ross , Monc , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and oe .
The sttin is in New Yok a thy meet daily in a bar calld Cental Pek .
Ross is Mnica 's bothe and he is deely in lv wih Rachel .
On e other han , Jy nd Chander live together .
oe is an actor and he is always having auditions u without uccess .
And Chanle work in an offce , but he does n't really lke h job .
Phoee is the funniest of the group . She ings and plays e uita , but she is not vry od at it .
ache d Monica have lived together sie Rachel et r fance at th altar .
onica is h best fied !
She works in a resturant as the ha chf a she 's dating a mn twenty yes olr hn r .
The six rieds might no have h sme opinions , te iht arue , they igt gt angry wih ach thr , bt they always foive and frgt !
In my opiio , young pepl will love ts show .
To um up , I really recommnd you to see it . o 'll love it .
The last fm I saw was call " No Escp " .
It is the best movie I hae ever seen ! You will be tene while watching h whole ove an I know it .
The events e relly intense and te just kp gettin re and moe intense by h mute .
It also shows yo h oer of he amily a ho the should tick together through ll the difficulties te face .
It also shows hw you ould always thin of other beoe thinking of yourslf .
I really recomend th ovie , but if yu pla to watch it with your family , I do have to tel o that thee is a lot of blood an killing in the flm .
I can easily iv it a fiv tr rating , because all of the events tat happn seem ea in he movie , and they are events that could hapn in real lif .
Without a doubt , all parents at thi hilden to be model cizens .
Howeve , raising a chid nto a model ctien is extremely hard work .
Soe people think tt ts b should be doe by he parents ad ther tnk unfirly hat this is the tache 's responsibility .
On e and , parents should take responsblity for heir cilren 's education as they are a ild 's first ontat .
Als , parents are ike modls to olow for their children , nd as childrn do what they see , hy will copy tir parens ' actions .
Inee , schol is the fir place where a children interacts with societ .
However , they will alk or build a relationshi based on what the see thir prens doing wth other people .
Ultimatl , teache may have different values from hoe of t paren .
On the oter hd , parents may ve a lack of time to send wh their cildre de to demaning jobs and to provide everthng that hir childe need , fr eamle , pay for their cildren 's shool .
It can also be argued hat childrn spn most of eir tim at schoo and nt at home , making it te school 's responsibilit to pass on go social valus .
u it should not be forgotten , hat parents ve the most influece as they are moes to folo .
To su up , parens should ta full responsiblit r their childen 's educatio .
However , ne houd take into count tha a chool with siilar values to those of the parts wuld be a reat lp in e hild rising process .
ear Sir ,
I am writing wit egard to t advertiseet published by you , to wrk in mmer camps in the USA .
I would lie to tke par in this experience during e summer , as I wl hve my sumr break dung hat perid .
I have aen pa in a vlunteer prgramme , ookig after children 6 - 12 dung th school term , and theefre , I onsder myself as having good knowlee of children 's behaviour , which might be usful r t summer cap .
During my apprenticeship , I was in charge of organising several activities , so I think I could do well at oranisin sports and actiitie .
Cooking h always been one of my vourite hobbies , and for this reaon , I also woud like to hel in the itche activities .
I am a cheerfl , enegeic d hardworking prsn , nd I am also a ey responsible prson , ale to dal th small and medium roups of childre , an for his rason I consider myself as suitable for t position advertised .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , d enricing my CV throug particiation in hi project .
Shold yo av furer questins , do not hesate to cotac me at ny tm .
Looking forar to heaing frm you at ou earies cnveniece .
Your faithfully ,
Ana Caú
Evryhing in this movie , enri , is so siml and startling , but at the same ime ad to describe .
It tells the story of a widowed shop owner and a mentaly handicape girl .
As im passes by , the relatnship hs so many ups an downs , bt ith onsistent love ad care , it ends with a stron bond ht is n't easily rken .
In Frane , where te film s ad , they al the hadicappe , " Whit Butterfies " , hch is definitely a better nomenclatue than " Peple With ecial Needs " n so many disespectful names .
he ony rean I want to rcmmend this vie to yo is because I wnt o to forget about all h actn , thrill , mone - makn or god fighting evil .
My sole purpse is to help yu enjo he little things in your lives , appreciate life ad its simplicity with all s hidden fun and sd parts as wel .
Ulock e dor to a ne life nd kk off you journey toward a whole new group of characters .
Chase the childish dream of isiing a foreign cunry and getting to kn new aspets of ife .
Check ot ow ordinary people , just ike you and me , iv eac and every day , share their grie ad pblems , joi them in thr happy moments , e involved in ter les n be pssionat ad compassionate .
Refes you soul by getting invlvd in thei secial mmnts and t rdy to ae a chang in yu own li .
REPORT ON HE COURSE " Goo design usig DTP "
The aim of thi epor is to briefl scribe the main strengths d weaknesses of the ouse " Good desg using DT " , to give an oveal view of it .
DESCRIPTION
The cuse to plac at the Training enter in Regent Stret , London , on he 14 - 15 of May , as schedled .
All e participans , which were tn in total , ere givn a personal computer for te dratio of te ntre core , in ore to pu into pacice wh was tugt .
Futhermore , the organizers d aefully plane te hole course , ncludng eals and beverages t .
ACHEVEMETS
Te uto , Will Reeves , a lecturer of the Univerity of Cambridg , succeeed in covering te hoe progra in an extremely efectie way .
To begi with , he ocsed on design considerations with DPT , explaining wht sotware to use , an tn he went on to tl us about typography and fns , lyot a alance , as well as graphics and logs .
He concluded e couse by aking clo considerations and showing prooing ad pinting .
he higpoint , howvr , w th final practical exerses , whch gave us the opportuiy to st our copehension .
FAILURES
Despit te strenghs mentioned above , tre er also some ares that required me attention .
Not only was h venue inconvenient , but it was also rty .
The general disstisfation was perceiv by the lecturer too , who point it u to te organizers , h immediately started looking o an lterative venue .
In addition , in spite of having paid a o , h participats wer not alowed to te an maerias aay , and this resulted in otining a le effective result , as t participants d n't hve an materials to ue to revise .
FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
To sum up , e curs was genealy sucesful , as the positive feedbck received suggests .
In cncluson , we oul definitely recmend it to anybody interested in hi subject , for both th quality of the course ad the unquestionable preparation of th tutor .
Nowadys , many countries hae ruid areas of farmland , forest and wetlan with the intention of construcing housing and transport networks to cater r t needs of eople .
Thre are many problems reaed by doing large - scale building ojects , and it is e govenment 's responsibility to de with thee problems .
Thee ar sme nfavorable influences on peole 's lives .
Because of th damage to farman , forest ad wetland , it is likely to lead to te pollution of atr n air , which n caus a decrease in people 's quity of lif .
For example , in sm areas , eopl hae to wa a mas while doing utdoor activities and they miht ned to prchase atr from other towns .
As a result , their ifetyle a be negatively afeted and thus te will feel ess happy thn the pople livin in unpoluted areas .
he damage to wildlife habitats s an afct on anials in a negative way .
They ha to migae to nother pace since heir homes a destroy , an during te migration mo of them will e becuse of lack of wtr , hih temperatures or redators .
Besides , tose anims h successfully rriv in a suiable pce to live are likely to sffer from diese , ecause th haven't been exposed to such a new environment bfore .
lhough there ae ay people ad anias that ar ufering om these probls , I do believe that h governnt can take om actos to sle em .
Firstly , laws should be creted to forbid sme projects which cause massive problems fo the enironmnt .
Secondy , it is necessar for the government to warn people about th serios problems cased by consructing large - scale buildings .
To summarise , large - cale building projects create massie problem which r amful to humas and animals , ut t government n be hlpfl in sving these problems .
First of all , on the English course which I d at the HZ , I learned n mprovd my writing in many ways .
I woul like to aswr some quesions from the guidelines on oodle , to xlain how this course helped me to improve my Englsh .
So , the first two questions e :
Has my writing improved and o did this happen ?
An te other quetios : wich areas of my writing wuld I ie to improe and d t fre riting presenations help me with my writing process ?
Seondly , has my writng improved nd in what way did is ppen hen ?
From my pont of view , my writing has definitely impoed sine h beinning of ti schoo ya .
I discovered ta I know any oe wrds ha I thught ad I ca make well - structured sentenes nw , hih I could n't do so ll at the beginning of ts school year .
Ti h to do with te technical grammatcal features I eared in cla as well .
e way I see it is ht I learned to use cohsion in a corret way , which maks the paragraphs that I wte more clear .
Beides that , I use cohesion which I did n't e before tis cors .
A few examples are : from my poin of iw and it ems to me .
Subsequently , I would ie to answer the nt tw questions .
Which areas of my writig oud I like to mrove and dd the fr writng presentations elp me with my writing process ?
Athogh I beliv that I alead have improved my English since t ginning of h schol year , I 'd like to imrov my Englis vocabulary .
As I s it , te biger the vocabulary , the better the wting prcess .
Mor words n be dde to the artil , so there can be a better explanation of e subject .
It 's my elief hat the fee writing presentations eped me with my writing press .
I leaned a t of new wor during the prsentations which I used in my re witing .
To finih , I c conclude ha th Enlish ouse hs been very useful to me , beause it hs improved my English a lo
The way I e it is that e grammatical fatures learned on the English course , n always be ued later on in fe .
For example , when letters av to be et in English .
I agree wi the ivn statement .
Ti is because all peol drem of a better future .
A better fure means having good fod to ea witout worring , god lothe to er , a i proerty , a private means of transprtaton n ma re .
Among them , a pivat mans of transporation suggests that there is no future o public transport .
It is aready in ractic in th western wold .
People from other parts of te wrld are also eading for th ame dream .
Having your own car or means of transortation is the dream of every inividual , including me .
A ingle car will n be enough f a family .
n private a per ndvidual is need .
It has also bcome a vital thing o ife .
Weher to go to work or other places , trvelling in a prvate vehicle is hase ree .
It saves a lo of ur tm .
We n indulge in many tins if we an manag time poperly .
T trend of personal cr ownership is icreasing rapidly .
So , I beleve at there is no futue f public traport .
We can not ny ta there will be a time when no person will an to travel by bus or rain .
It is so lea that private transport il overshadw public vehicles .
Domestic violne
Everbdy kno about th g problem tht u society has with omesic ase .
Bt most of us just from a dstance ; we really do n imagine how tis can affect peope who suffer from it .
Unfortunate , many people are damagd , not onl physicaly ut entall , an the wos is th vlence destros families nd also involes the children in e hell it causes .
hidren ute oten fel gilt of t being be to revent ese problems or help teir mohers to escape from them a tend to thin they are doi something wrg when they obviouly r no .
Ty are just the mos sensitive an innocent vitims of mistreatment .
It is vry serious nd ar to olve , because ictims hae to be very strong d rae to recognie and fce tese situations and be ale to report their aggressor so as to manage t tter finishes .
This is so difficult due to the fa hat th usully feel stupid , miserable , hopeles a do nt fl goo about themselves .
Their gressors make them become insecr and thy think tat the are loe .
In ost cases , he even fel aamed or afrd of tese situations a prefer saying nthing to telling the truh .
ll those people who are living ith ths abuse ha to know that they re eall mportan n deserv to be hay and free and thy ar not aoe .
There are may peopl w wor aout thm n are willing to hep and suppot them .
Tre is always somne who you can cun on amog ur family , friends or associates , t yo mst s fr lp .
We nd to consder ot sides of the agment for pblic transpr use prior to reaching a conclusion .
Public transport is used fr many reasons and can be convenien for different cicmstances .
There ae man reaso for sig public transot , such as ommuting ito the cnral busnss district .
This form of transport can be used to avoid delays du to traffic conditions and arking restrictions .
It can provide an opprtunity o people to compete wr urig the journey .
Public transport m be the oy otion fr individuals who do not drive or have acces to a c .
It is or environmentll friendly becuse it ha the potentil to edce the nbers of vehicles on he road .
owver , puli tanspot use can be affected by a number of actors such as mechanical failre an envirnmenal issues .
It y be expnsive to us r some individuals and crwdd during uh ours .
Using a car ca be or flexible f se inividuas .
A car can be useful for efectve performance of many tasks .
It is easier to cange roues when circumstances cange unexectedl .
Hweve , a car cn be expensive to maintai , ar an fuel .
I thik tere is a rol for both modes of ransport after aing into account l of the abov reasons .
The reasons for use a dependent on t individual nd he circumstances .
My favorite ilm of e lat fw months is " Scet of a woman " .
It 's n of te best Al Pacio fims and it 's very dffernt from pevius oes .
ist of l , in this im y do n't ee a gangster Al Pacino . It 's about a retire army colnel who suffers from loneliness ad depression .
It 's worth seeing because a yung boy , Charlie , heps him gt thrgh his saness on a vey luxuriou trip to ew Yo .
ne proem is ta om scenes e to lng , li the o in wich hy 're having dinner with the colonel 's fail .
Hoevr , the drama is perectl achived in each scene and they keep y glu to the scree .
So , oveall , I strnly recommend it if you like redemptin stories , an if you ant to learn me piecs of dice for yor life .
It 's cetinly a good choice if yo want to wach a DD net Friday night .
The ext discusses t idea of how dvanced communication technoogies ive us the advange of creating a 24/7 internatioal working a and provides several reasons to support ths .
The professor , however , disagees wih ponts mde in t artice and explain that this system has s ow disadvantages .
e first ont th profesr addresses invlvs t text 's assertion that reating two or thee teams stuted in different geogrphicl locations ll help reuce the work urs for ach team and , at the same time , will decrea e timefme or gettng e pojct de .
he professor refutes this point of view by sayig ht , bsed on his o experience , his team work could be not so beneficial .
F instance , oe group coud have uestions , but it would ot be ble to ask te other group bcaus they woul be sleping at that tm .
Therefore , the orking rup wll ae ts n sumptions and may cuse a waste of tme .
Moreovr , the grup in California may do work in one y d a gru in India do the sme work differently , so it will be challnging to ring both of the to the ame w of geting things done .
Another point fr te article tat e rofesor opposs is the claim that telecommunication hlps to solv many pobems tt physical separation would cause for businesse .
e professor points out that holdi irtual meetings etween tem in different timeframes will be challenging .
Fr exampe , o of te team will have to stay ae in ode to talk to anoter rop , ausing inconvenience .
It is t easy to prove that thre is a reationship beten organizational culture a performance .
F a very lon time thee has not been scieific evidence tht provd te relaionship between organizatinl clture an perormane , until studies fund a crelation between these subjects .
Tese four studies are put toether in a ode aed ' Orgnizaion Cultur Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
is mdel tels us that the cultre is determined by ctul behavior of individua or grups of employees .
h culture is aued by organizational vaibles .
Thse variables ilude interna and xernal cultural aspects .
he external aspect is : external cient orientation .
The internal asects r : design of organization , commuication , HRM - orientation an leaersip .
The variables inflece the bhvior of employes .
The model distinushes three knd of expected perfrmancs : indiidual- , goup- , and rganizationa performances .
There is n't a direct relatinshi bween organizational culture and actual performances , but there is a direct relationship betee organizationa culture and expcted performances .
The researchers found tt there is a ig ifference between wha h boadroom preach ad wht h employe experience .
A shor summary of he OC- model : there r organizational variabls tha determine the visibl n invisible behavior of employees .
Thse variables and bhavior of employees determine te expectd perfrmanc and te there is the actual outcome .
Shod smokig be banned ?
Mo and moe peple nodays try to fi some ways of relaxing , e to the fast pc of life d stress .
Smokng appeals to many people of diferent generations , becaue it gives ft relief or a short prod of time . That is ao quite reasonable .
It 's a fa that tobacco s ben se as a light ru for centuries by eopl of diferet nationalities .
It 's a real issue for th governent to understan tht if t rocss of banning smoers stats , the income rat will immediaely decrease .
Moreoe , oacco cntans a vitamin , clled 1 that is eneficial for yr halh .
It ls hep to overcome om stressfl siutions , even thogh it 's temporary , it 's ill benefica fo your eat , rther than being cnstatly strssed .
inaly , oking is a peronal hoic of freedom for evrone .
On the othe hand , smokers smetimes do n't een relize that ther children or elaives come pssiv smokers to .
It 's important to understand hat yu a espnsible for your urroundings an ople around yo .
So if ou habis can be harmf for them , you eed to undstand the cost of it .
Fr h same reson , th government needs to control the situation by using a bannng strategy if peopl soe in certain fbidden ares , lk kindergartens , chool , hositals , ec .
In my inion , people need to hav freedom to ma decisons on hir own , but as soon as it starts to be a theat to others , ey should be stoppe immediately .
The urpose of th report is to conside how my town akes care of he enviroent and to explan what kind of recommendations ad ipovements yo a make if you ve in Madrid .
Madrid is a hu iy which offers a l of recycing fcilitis that ak are of e environmet .
There is a gre public transport system .
It 's very easy to recycle thins and it 's possble to chooe alternative eergy sorces .
Frstly , peple can tke the bus or the undergrund n leave is or her a at hoe .
Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glass in diffrent recycing bins .
Another ption is th possibility of hvig olar panels on the roof of se buldings in Madrid .
We could reuse and recycle househld waste .
Whn we go shopping , we hould tke u own bag insta of using plasic ags from the sho .
Old cloths , boks and toys in good condition can be passed on to charity shps .
Or aim houl be to deposit as man hings as possible in the plastic , aer an glass bins .
And if u have a garden , you cld tr your vgetable peelings ito compost .
In concluion , Madrid ofer a ot of alternatives to take re of te nvironment .
It could be an exampe f othr citie of how to help a conrve o lanet .
Discuss he risks and mpacts of climate(weate)-reled natural disters .
Over the past fw dcaes , human activies he canged e lobal climate , hence we ar facing iger isks of weather - relted disasters .
Frthermore , vaiou dstrucive disasters hve struck the whoe society with my ngtive effects , drawing the attention of citizens to catatropes .
A natural disaser sh as drouht can be generally efned as o that ha a r - reaching influence because of i long uraion nd wde scope .
Ti esa il exain globa warming ad precipitation shortage as causes of drought , followed by two mn egatve impats in terms of the econmc d social problems in agriclture .
On of e obiou reasons o weather - related atural disastrs is obal warming .
It is obiou ha globl waming can be attbuted to greenhouse gas emisions .
oeover , t wor 's uncotollable population results in the demand f cars , industries nd farmig industres , that have contribud to greenhoe gaes .
Because of uan activiie , te tmerature of the a 's surface an the atmosphere have en gradually inceasig to a new level .
van Alst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an ncrease of eath ean surace tempratre of appoximately 0.6 egres has ee xplord over h past century , with the phenomenon which has bee observed hat and tmperature h exceded tha of ses by a quicker sped ( p.6 ) .
In addition , most greenhouse gs emissions c affct t atosphere for decdes , which igt cue mrine monsoon inaccssibiity to mainland resulting in low ainall .
Anther phenomenon tat an be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coveae in relation to glaciers melng ( va Aals , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thu , it c be seen ta gobal warming has accounted for a seris of extreme weather henomena .
Undoutely , all the factors ar resposible fo e soil waer shortage d decreasing precipitain .
Generally , the increase in temeratur hs resuled in a surge in ho days , and a dcrease of old days .
Ts wl largel cause less soil water n prcipitation .
Aditionally , this even is different epening on th are .
The ara as d - continental will unquestonabl becom dri d have inufficient prcipitation , wih my mk it more vulnerable to ummer droughts ( v Aalt , 00 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimted that 75 million to 0 million eope in Africa wil be expod to ater stress e to desertification induce by climate change " , stts by PC ( as ied in Bke , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In bief , tee wll be serius cnequences as a result of ess precipitation u to extreme weather .
In the economic aspect , drought ha brougt a tremdous prolem of ild for agricltur .
As a consequence of oh direct d indirect impacts of agricultue , prolong drought cn be comonly defned as e biges factor .
he direct impact of prolonged rought is the reducin of incom for farmers resulting fro the decrease in output .
This can lead to a loss of profts upstream and downstea throughout the suply chain , wic can produce dircty negtive ipcts for produers , as reprted by Bauman , Geman , Prithet and McFadde ( 203 , p. 62 ) .
Moreer , it creates colossal economic damage when t droug ocus : live ar lo , people and animals are forced to move to a new place , resurce become unsustainable or een exict ( Brghot , 012 , p. 148 ) .
Anothr strcken ara is the social perspectiv , which ha thretened th majority of th pulation .
Frstl , dough ha caused faring in some of t ras , such as Aria whe ther is an underdeveloped infrastructure ad a lack of abilities to rect after an emrgency .
Morover , farming is o of the os crcial impacs of eather - related naural isaster , n it has caused a significant number of casualties r both manind nd anals .
Secodly , farng has also contributed to igration .
Whn h public suffers fro natural disasters nd thee e no olutions , the are rced to eave their homes in order to moe to a new place , which could affect th net generation ta might face a multicultra ociety .
Consequntly , drought has le to t severe social impacts of natra disasters .
In conclusin , catastrophes suh as drought hae had immense economic and social impacts .
o only human beings b so al rganims re confrnting t threat fr cimate - related natrl diastes .
h fact is , natural disasters hv change peole 's and animals ' lving environmnt , bringing aou a multitude of nfluences in both rect economic eveue of farmer nd indrec ffcts on ntrprise .
Additonall , clmte chage related to naral disasers as causes famine , which a caused eats a forced people as wll as aimls to leave ter homes . More seiousl , t climate is continugly changing n still cntrbuting to natural dissters .
hus , we should cnsider this kind of threat to ou ture .
Perhap I am doi a lttle wishful thinkng .
I do t blame anyone for this , cause I kn , thi her of mn seems to jus fll in lov a lttle o fast and easily .
It is too early , is n't it ?
It 's t early to talk about ov at tis ge .
Everything seems to strange when you e fften and you are talking aout love .
Wy is tht so ?
Wl , that uetion has ee gong around in my mind fo so man months .
Thi past few months ve mde my life unfathomable , making me unable to grasp t idea of we is the right ge to fall in le .
To me , to fall in love , is to accept a dire those little things that exit in tht huma bing .
After I have accepted that , I will begin to push all their fla aside , beaus their flas wil only make me fal in love it he eve oe .
I ko it is wrong to have strong feelings for seone who is deinitely older , d I know nothing will come ot of it .
So wh bother loving someone wh will ever rtrn at love ?
To me , ov is n aou having tw arties lvig and ebracig eh ther .
Their ife ill be happier wen yu cease to ext .
Yes , it hurts , but at te en of the ay , almost everything in tis rld wil make y beed .
It will make o cring , bawl like by .
It wl mke you feel vulnrale , bt ha is life .
They wi awas lo o bsed on your looks raher than yur ersonaliy .
No matr how wrong I may sod , believe me , it is so tru .
ove is not all hppy .
ove an kill o .
It can kill your sul .
Dear Dr. Geen ,
I am th chairman of the 212 Metropolitan Medcal Conference tat is bng held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 01 , and I wuld li to invite you to present yur rseach on bta blockers . We would be delighted to isten to you discussing your ork , and I hope y il alo gre to run a short quesion - and - nswr sesion ater the presentation .
Aditionlly , Mtrpolitan Medical would be plesed to ove our trel n lodging epenses wie you visit h conferee , in dition to providing you with a pr diem allowance .
Plase ely with your answer as soon as you re bl to , so that we can begin to arrane your travel .
I encourage you to contact me wth y quetons or conens .
ind rards ,
Dr. Michael Whit
My favourit spor
My favourite sport is walking .
om people do not hink of walking as a sport , they elive that a sport has to be a rough activity , o ha leaves ou overtired a sweating .
But in my pinion , a sport is ny activity that requires a certain amont of physica acivity , one ht can help you to impve your health .
I joy walking ecaue it allw yo to do phical exrcis nd lk , ok at h landscape or do other tngs at the same time .
Walking is also a spot that lmost everybody n do .
If you are young , yu could walk fs , if yu are old or t especially fit , you could tart walking at a low ace and , wi tie , improve you performance .
I uld like to give soe advice to people w an to sar alkng : take your tim , do nt try to wl en kilometers e first d . Tr shot walks first d every dy incease th distance .
You will fn yourself alkng a little fuher and faster than the day befo .
d if you do hat , thn , sooner or lae , you will become a wlking enthusast .
It w a sunny day in April .
Easer a comin .
Eveyone in he ouse as so excited aot it , u not Michae .
He kne ta son he ould have to face his mo porful emy , the Easter Buny .
He did n't kn hy verybody was in love with hi .
his character hs been i childhood nghtmae .
He use to drea about im coming into his bedroom , lughing out loud , showg f his sharp eet , threatening h wit he most horrible puishmets .
He remembered o of the wful drems he used to ae as a chld .
He a home alone bab - sitting is o - ear - old sitr .
l of a sudden , he heard smebody kocking at the front door .
Then a vice oared " I 'm go na eat y up ! " , " I 'm gon na a yu baby iter up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm te Easter Buny " .
Michael ws terrified .
He grabbd the phone to try to cl hi parnts .
But te pho was dead .
He wated to hide somewhere but he coul n't hnk staght .
In a lash , his brain sent hi a signal and he realized it a ony a dam .
So he tarted repting in h min " It 's only a dram .
It 's only a dream .
You 're gig to wke up son . "
Sudenl he fe rave n unstopabl .
He decied it a te to fe hi enemy .
He ut his hand on the hndl and , without thinking too muc , he oened he oor .
This giant sary bunny a just in frot of him .
He id n't ave ime to get scared bcaue all ta he wa thnkin was why he d n't wake up at nce .
It ca n't be ra .
t t bunny yelled at him to ht the door and bit his arm so ady that ars came out instantly rom his eyes .
He was nw puzed d fighten too .
ichael cosed the or and nw at that mmen he had made a mstake .
It is sometimes maintained tht wh manuacturers and retail companies y to persuade us to buy something , colour is a very effctiv thing wic helps tem do that .
I ink it is true ht coour does influence our dcisio hn we buy diffrent thngs .
Firsly , I am convinced that colour is vry important when people buy clothes , esecally for women .
No dobt manuacturers know wich color is oplar nd fashionable in a particulr season and , consequently , it eans that thins of this colou wl se wl .
In addition , compnie are used to coducting different survys to find out which olou is or popular in various scial classes .
r instae , I hae rcenly rd that popl o belong to h middle cla preer pk and ree lours fo some psycholoical reasons .
Furthrmore , colours which are sed in deoration of shops or restaurants are aso rather influential .
For exampl , psychologists a convinced ht red is a coour wich stimulates eope 's appetite and makes th fe hngr .
Tat is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is re . Likewise , in some othe cafes a restaurants .
Having sid tis , however , I think at thee are ay oter factors wih are ven ore important tan colr for people when they buy something .
For example , if I led a thn , I would o hink muh abou s colour or e colour of the shop where I found it .
Moreover , o ny people , the main factor is h price of a hig and ot its colour .
To s up brifly , I wul like to sa that here is a secial branch of psychlogy which investigates consumers ' aste and fators which influence their choce .
Thu , we cn conclude tha colour is a powrful tool but , in th sam wy , anfacturers and retil companies should take it considration othe factors .
Artice : My st Friend
My friendship with Jessie started on t excitig first day of kindergarten .
We were three ears d .
I wen downstairs to the plygrond for e reak .
I was walking alo around the noisy nd crowded playgound , looki or my ve firs friend , wen I aw a quie girl under a tree .
She had de blue eyes nd lookd very y .
I instantly wanted to be her friend .
We irt met at te swings . She smile n I knew we we going to be rieds forever .
I asked her if she wanted a sweet a , timidly , she odded .
Whn he break was over , we went hd in han to our classroom .
Gdually , we got to know ach othr an so we ecme best friends .
We played every day togther n , in the afternoons , we went to ach other 's huses .
Now , we do n't av a secrets between us and we always know whe we need ac other .
I love how Jese lps me with eveyting I need , like with gs or fmiy problems .
We love doig sleepovers , watching movie and going on holidays together .
fter any yea , we sill har the me kid of swet we shared t fist day we e .
It is generally accepted hat television rovides us with by far the st and easest a to stay in uch th the whole word , while rlxing on ou sofa , takn some me ff from u housework .
This is h innovatio that suh a wldwide edium rngs to o soiety .
Anywa , I wndr wethe it would be usful and able to incrase o educaio and elp us to be mr critical twads lif , ather thn impose its poer on us .
Reen research shows us why tee is aways an increasing nmbr of children h are geting used to spending most of their afternos in font of h television so as not to mss a ew crtoon or a well - knwn film : tey sem like they are unaare of te exitence of documentaries , news and all the the educative programmes whih oday 's tevisions are fl of .
It hs been sugesed by some European governments to introdce televisions in scols to gi t opportunity to dicus together current tpic d problems , in order to earn omething more about the wor we are livig in .
I am sue that , if ake up , this idea will surely be a failure .
In view of the above arguments , I woud uggest everyone uts on on teevisin in oder to have oe time to rad newspapers dai .
In my pinion , thee is a future fr pubic trnspor .
Frstl , puli traport is usfu for eopl ht can not afford a car n teir wk is far away fo wre te liv .
Pubic transport is also usefu f some children that ed to go to school b they do n't live clse to one .
The ny choice f many people is to use public trnsport .
Secodl , public transport is better for the envirnment tan using cars ecause a u has more pace than a cr and mny people c go on a bus , hus decreasing the amout of pollution and heping the envonment .
Lastly , if the se of public transort decreases drasticlly or sts , any eopl will be unemployed . Tey could not earn re mone and bu cars for going rm oe pla to anothr .
The ountries will have a cisis n ths wi probbly lead to other World War .
That ll be a complte diaster , becaue n we hv nuclear weaons ad we wld destroy the world .
In coclsion , pubi tanport is very important r evr peron in some way nd without it everything would be a isater .
Takn a year ff after fiishing school can be harmfu depending on ht yo 're planing to do in that year .
Inerruptin the momntum by takng a year off is mab he worst thing ou cn do .
nless u g a job in tha ya , to keep yo us , or do sometng that kps you focued and givs you a rutie , you should n't take a ear off at al .
Withu the routine that studyig givs you , wth all the dedline , t exams , and oter stff at force you to et things one , and , as a consequence , teach o to be a responsible person , which y ill need to be when you get a job , you will simp be wasting one ear of your life by taking a break .
One hin that I 've learned in my lif is tht you sold never take a break rm you evryday rutin unless you ealy need to , du to fatigue or for some other physical or psychologial easo , therwis you wi be , I repeat , js wsting time , tm that y cold be spendin in a useful ay , by tting somthing don , or improving yourself academically , ntellectuall or oig whaeve ou think cn nric yur ife .
So , wther you ak a year off or not , my point is that you shoud n't be wsting yr tie .
Do n't waste your tim , sped it in a ruiful a .
I 've watd so much time in my ie that even I fn it emarrssing .
I 've wasted he et yar of my le doing nothing .
N I 'm din sometig , althugh I ill proably never e the fruits of my labor .
I like to believe tha , like the d Ltin provrb sys ( and I ave already aid this ) , there will be goy at the end to h mn w ndues harhips on his pt .
aybe one ay I ill xperience te gory that awaits in gh plcs those who wl trogh the narrow paths of lfe .
Or , most probab , I wo n't .
egardlss of wt 's waiting o me at t e , I will never give up aling along those hard paths no matter how challenging n har they ma be .
This is sm intimate suf I 'm shaing with you , my teacher .
I op you do n't thnk ta sring these thoughts wih u makes y my new best budy .
our only j hee is to teach me the subject yo 're supposed to teach .
I do n't need your frienhip you bastard !
I hope I do n't t an F by saig this , but it is the trh , and I ov ing honest . I knw , as sn ou ut your creepy , wicked es on my compotion I must expect a bad grae .
Maybe I will brib y at t d of schol term to ge a good gade .
Wht do you think of ht , you rck ?
I et you lov money , especiall one obtind by illegal meas , do n't o ?
Por eacher , I can oly woder how a tache would react to see such a thing written by a student .
Dear S or Madam ,
I am writing in repy to your advertiseent published in the loal newspaper fo the vacancy of Junior Chef .
I elive I have the necessary qualifications n expriene ha yu r loking r .
As y wil se fom my attced C.V. , I hve been workng as a Junior Chef o th last two yer assistng l the cfs in e diferent aras of h itche .
Morever , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training ourse which provies me ith ot on practcal but also theoretical knowledge .
I onsider myself well quiped to tak up the halenge offered by th os e to my capaty to work undr pessue as el as my abity to rk in tes .
Frthermore , I always tr to maintain a positi attitude towards my responsibilities nd sort ou any problem that ay ccur .
My prvius mployers ar happy to be contacted should yu eed a referene .
I am available or an intview at any time hih migh be onvenent for y .
I would ve pesed to hear fro ou so .
Yours faithfully ,
Alejand
I was ave ! I a alve! ... I cold n't believ it !
Having oe hrugh all those tough imes ; tias ad tribulatons and I s alive !
I was as happy as a lark t soon it woul g drk .
My leg wa inured and it as as painfl as a thrn in he paw , afer cutless hours of crawling .
I could n't br e pn u I had to endure it to survive my odal .
Leaning forward slowly , I srted crawling slwly like a urtle along the slender hill ; I was on all fours !
I was feelg as tired as a on out shoe .
Ate a long ad tiring crawl , I needd to find a helter whre I coul se refg fro t chillng win owlig or my head uabted .
I kept my boy ery cle to h icy grnd in orde to reduce h ipct of te bone - chiseling wnd .
Suddenly I saw a small ap between two blocks of snowy hills st big enough for me to le down in .
The place was a bt gloomy and cold bt I ad no cice ; I ws to tire to mve on .
ut beor I knew it , I as aeep .
I woe up to the sund of th howlig wind on gain , in a stte of vrtigo .
Looking dw at the watch on my rist , I realied it h ben nearly a ek since I surived the fll frm the snowy lif and o I hd to go hroug this all alon wh no improvement to my dire pediament .
I cntinued cawling on a fours while wonering , ow mu longer , Smon , till we mt again .
I nver opped praying hroughout , in the hpe that somehow , somewhere , smeoe would come along to rcue me .
As I was climbing downhill , I foun myself etting lsters on my palms in a w I could have no control over .
The pai was xcruciatng ut I just had to move on if I ever hoped to survive my ordea !
As uicly as I could , I managed to get myself to th nearest leafless tree that I could nd . I laned my back ainst it to try to gain whatever support I could muster wh the lite energy tht I ha left in my boy .
I a a boken a ; bael alv !
Emphatically , I remine mysel that I wold n't have survived had it t ben f Gd 's help !
I kt praying to G to give me t ine strength to carry on lhough I wa fully aware of my o self - imposed exile frm chuch serices h last two years .
Doubts bgn to ceep in , " uld God ow s mecy ? " .
With te pin , doubts , hunger all rashing own on me , I was aut to give up my fight or survival .
A ecnd thought crosse my mind , telling me th I would is my famil d my et friends !
I ha to carry on fighting to stay aive !
he very thought of inning an accolade in rnt of a jublant row disappeed all together n all I ee wanted was to be hoe , be safe , and be wth my famy .
Dr Madam ,
My name is lexanda Knnedy .
I 'm 29 , and I have a 9-year - old augter .
I s orn in Russia , but ave lid in mny different countries around the word .
I have got a family of my wn , so I am failar with loing fter cildren n taking ca of them . I enjoy finess an can easily help organise children 's spor activities .
I do enjoy communiatin with hildren , I ike to py ges a earn something e from them !
In the evenings we wod arrang different activities , ke lays , inging , ancing .
I am alo quite experienced in the kitchen . I am really into halth nutrition a healthy oking .
It is imprant r children to g healthy meals , especily in their early teege years .
I wo n't be afraid of any sot of jobs . I am reay fr an adventure !
Wl , te prson that I most admire in today 's worl is my mote .
Becase e gave me le , wthout her I would t be hat I am today .
S is a rat woman ; hrdworking , esponsible , kn , fiendy , inteligent nd an amazing person .
h was my frs teacher who tauht me to reea my first word and took my hand to take my ist st .
Sh taught me step by step h to prepare for le .
I ave fnd mmries rom my childhood . She s always cheering me up wn I was in d or difficult times , even when she as o eelig wel .
She 's like my bst frind ; always adiing me on what is good or d .
S is ery brave , it does n't mater o difficult he problem is , th ost importan thig is to carry on .
In fact , my mother is my il , my angel .
Thre is no doubt tht he subject of keeping animls in os creates a lot of debate .
Som people say zoos ar raditionl family entertainment a good for animals .
thrs a keeing animals in zoo is cruel and inhumane .
One advante of zoos is ta tey give eopl te cance to e and learn aout nimals .
This makes people more likey to ant to ok after animals and protect their natural habitats .
Due to the interest in proecing animal , people are eagr to tke part in organizatio such as World Wd Fund for Nature ( WWF ) , which is an internatioal non - governmental organization oking on issues rgarding the oservation , esearc a restoration of th environment .
nther positive aspct of zoo is hat tey help to protect endangered species by offering them a saf place to ive .
In addition , zs lp to fin mates f endangered species .
For example , may andas would not find a mate to breed with if tey ere on thei own in the id .
On th the hn , here are may arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
Firstly , zoo animals often suffer from stress ad oredom when hy r nt in ther ntural abita .
Secondly , uwaned animals a sometimes sl to crcuses , huning aks or or met .
Consequently , they e mistreated , hit and live in an inadeqae plce whre th a not beav frel .
nothe drawba is at anmals soeimes escp rm their enclosues , which is dangerus o humans .
This is clearly se whn drving lng the road d suddeny yu se a bull or a ow in th middle of the road .
This ma case not only the animal 's death by eig u over , ut also h passengers ' dah if the drive ries to stop and loses control of t car .
To cnclude , tere are strong arguent for ad ganst keeping animals in zoos .
ersoally , I thi it is acceptable to kep animal in zoos , as og as they have nugh space n are properly looked after .
First of all , I would like to say that you peop av rse elth nowadays .
This is ot their ult , of course .
It is ur fault because we have let e companies proit from our w ins .
We are made of fles and it c be vr difficult to resit temptation .
Yo should take a ok at the things your cildren have thin hei ach .
They have computers , smartphones , clenin obots , fast food ...
And te list es on .
I am not saying we shold trel back in ime .
We have evelopd tehnolog to make ou lives eaier .
Nevertheless , we ca not allow that technology to put ou childn in danger .
On h one hnd , I am gng to sound lk my grandfather teling is wr tales .
On the other hand , can someone ll me w teir chilren c spend hours playng vdeo games ?
Wh do we all the to a hot dgs ?
h do ty need a martphoe ?
In summary , I know it is a hrd choice . I am talking about mutinational cmpnies that ry to chge our w of life to ui their needs .
I am a believer hat ay paren would do whatever it tks to protect their children .
Therefore , I issue a call to action .
Kateryna s bon in 1988 in Siberia , RF , to a amil of Ukrainian Tatars .
Kaeryna ws sent to Ukraine at t ge of 6 .
h t of wrting leters lon wt painting olorfu mandalas were taught her to by e grandmother .
A huge miror in e bdroom ma h child believe tha one wa ble to travel trouh it aywhee .
Algebra and geometry were the mst mportant subjects taugh by hr grandfathe .
Se loved watching e printer at or producig numerous resuts of psyhoogy tss , whch s had just passed .
She graduated from hih - school at t ag of 15 .
By this tie , she ad been pendng almost all r free me at the comptr .
She evote al her free tie to experiments on linking hr mth homerk wih proramming of a music equaler .
That 's how creating vsuals on e sreen becam r favoite aciviy .
She gradaed fm Kiev International University in 20 .
Kaeryna was frusratd with the classic film enr ad sared looking or possiilitie o realization of experimental thoreticl ieas in practice .
After tkng prt in numerous etivals and conerts , she finaly entered a joint Brtish - Russin prorm fo training socio - cultural mnages in the cultural sphere .
Te sport that I like most is dancing .
It may sun werd or vn wrong to some peple , because ther are many that do n't eve consider dancing as a spo ... but r me , and for everyone that has ev don dncng , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
Dancing requires a lot of tings , like coordinaton , flexbilty , ad hysical fitness , st to mentio a fw .
u depite how ha dancing can be , it is also really fun , and that 's acually at makes me ejy it most .
Yo do n't een notie how hard you body is working eause you reall are enjoyig yourself , ad I tik that 's awesome because it just makes everthng eaer .
However , I uld adise eple o wul like to start danin to ally tae it eriously , because even thogh I si it a un , it raly does reire commitment a discipline .
Dancing is not as es as everybody inks , u it is definitely wrth a try .
h influence of grown - ups : great or no so ret ?
Recently I listened to a discussion on how adults can be a good influene on young people .
This got me thinking . How do adut inlunce te behaiou of youngsters ?
And is this awas a goo infuence , or shoul dlts interfere es in te behaviour of yougr people ?
Adults an influence the behaviour of youngsters in different ways .
Frst of all , th c give ues to ynger people .
Ths can range from te rls yur parents have set r ou , to the laws cread by h government .
These rles can inluence ehaviour in a positive w , because ey prevent u from don stupid hings .
econly , adults cn offer advice to younsters .
This might be of reat influence on youngsters , bause adlt are en as wiser people .
They have more lif experience so they proably ko wat the e talking about .
Lastl , adut an set an examp for younger pepl .
Think of celebrities , for example .
Tey are a rat nfluece on younger people .
When someone greatly admires a person , thy wll t to eave like them .
So , whe adirable adults e good examples f youngsters , they can influence haviour in a positive way .
Hweer , it is n't ll that great .
Because youg people often do n't like to be belittle .
So setting ules might cae te to do te exact pposte .
Especially when te he to ive der a reat umbr of rus .
ls , advice is n't always take positvely .
Ths is because dult lvd in a compleey diffeent time , so their adice mght be outdatd .
Ts causes yong people to gnore the advice .
Lastly , whn a wrong exmpl is set , ti n influence behaviour in a eative wy , becue they 'll y to cpy this wrng exampl .
So l in all , thee re man ways in hih adults can infunce the behaviour of young people .
A whether ti is taken pitively , is completely up to the adlts and youngsters themselve .
Myths an facts aot ozen soulder
Frozen shoulder or shoulder stiffnss is an etrmely limitig and debilitatin disase .
The condition starts wit an when you ve your shoulder ont an en pogresss nt total failure d limitation of the shoulder .
Althugh ry important an riticl , tre are lo of myths surrounding it and many patint suffering the dseae do no now the ral fcts about it .
Today we wi put a spotlght on t faus facts ad yhs abot " Frozen shoulder " .
1- Mo patents beleve hy hv g rzen shoulder e to a trum or injury in the shouder oint , bu is is a yh , becaue rozen sholder c occur ftr a trauma or even wiout any taum , as in ldrly pepl , especialy tose wh hve diabetes nd ose recovering from an operation .
2- If u believ that doing exerises worsens your condtion , he that is anothe myth , because froen shoulder ocrs in people ho sto or decrease usig their should joint r a log time .
Usually , after major operations , having a strok or on fracture .
Te ignore using he full range of joint moton to avoid th pain sensation .
So an nflammatry response starts leading to the joint siffess , ovement bcomes paifu n nge of movemet is limited over ti .
3- An importan fac about fozen solder is ht no surgery is usually need .
Te first treatment tat your doctor will ugget is medication such as anlesics and paracetamol .
In addition to hi , physical therap is als an imprtnt method of treatment to maintain a full range of mvement .
Corisone injections re also hepful . hee injections can improve everything ; decrease sellig , stiffness n pain .
Surgery is our last resort if the onditio is severe and all th previou lines of treatment ailed .
4- If you belie that you can easily prevent frozen shoulder , hen of cours y are ight .
ou ca never have a frozen soulde if yu folow this advice :
- If you ha ha a srery or an injy , o shuld keep movig yu shuldr joint within a limit even if it is painfu .
- Havn physical therapy afe a srgery or trama is rcial .
Phyical therapy returns your by to it previous helty cdition befoe auma .
If not do , healing is not fuly completed an the joint remains painul .
Terefore , further avodance of mvemen ocrs a leads to frozen souldr .
- Pysiotherapy is nt only abot exercises ; some physioterapy techiques an decase your pain and sffering .
ntroduction
The i of this reort is to inform an internaioal organisation about how our ow aks cre of th environmen as wll as abou what pole do th eir rubbish and how the town is rying to ee the ar clean a attractive .
What peoe do wh their rbbish
owadays , yong cildren r well informed aout t dyamis an he compleity of he pollution cyc .
However , it is estmatd that at least 70% of youg kds do not ake ce of her peonal rubish and a the main cntrbutors to a polluted environment .
Despite the fact that adult were n as well taught as children in school , they ae h st civilized a responsible .
A stu shows ha dlts tae care of thei personal garbage ot jus becaus of their education , u because of their eagerness to hw their kid that hy are grea ad responsible parnts .
How the town tries to kep e area ean
Accordn to or mayo , hee are sevra ponts that r town really cares about to always keep r aa as cla as possible .
Evy yar , we ominate a person that is reponsible fr supervising the dustman 's wrk every single y .
As far as I am concern , tre re n a few ules in o twn legislation tha if you do o tk cr of ur garbage or if yu trow litter on h floor , you il have to pay a fine .
This fine can each betwee 1 d 0 euros .
Conclusion
To conclude this report , thre a many things that still need to be oe .
Howeve , everything stts at t evl of t educatn tha evy hma being receives .
Unfortunately , there is still a long ay to go in tems of environmental cncerns , but some of tse solutios suggested by he myor help us stop h pollution .
Environmental problems ar bcoing mo and me serius all over the orl .
here are sme kns of polltion , such as garbae and discarded bottles , but some pllutin is invisible , suh as noie and dirty a .
ir pollution is e mos serious probem among al ohr knds of llution nowadays .
It h aledy ad a get mpact on peopl 's ivs .
" A " is one of the neessites to maintain a human being 's if .
Hoever , air pollutin affects no on people 's health but also the whole environmental sysem .
hin is a big industril country , so there ae a great nube of factores an trucks .
uh dirty i is eleased ver day .
Trucks hav me the air unhealhy for peole to breath and oisonou gas is ivn f by a lot of factoris .
It lo maks oxygen lackig but mor nd more carbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
O2 can detry e ozone layr .
If we do n't start to cofront hs problm , we ll hurt this plae we live on .
Environmental prbles affect us ll .
Nt on huld the government make laws to contl the situation , u also we sould do our best nt to create more polluton .
For exampl , if yo do n't smoke , you wo n't aue air pollutin and you wo n't damage yu heath .If you se public transportation , wlk more or take a bcyce as yor transportation , you will t only he reduce the olltion , b also improve your hlth .
ls , pantig more tree instead of cutting them dn will puify or breahig air and reduce r pollution .
Whi tere are many thing to appreciate nd celebrate abou the ord in ich we lve , my resing nvironmenal problems c out for u attention .
To maintain te ony earth we live on is now th major sue for us nowaas .
It 's aso our responsibility to rotec it and to do ou best to prevent it from eig lluted .
Aliso ea the ot , smiled , and imeditely pu on er coat .
It ws 1st October .
Sh went ou to meet e frind fo nda .
They ha bee writig fo two years on h internet .
It ws da ousie , the weahr wa windy and th leavs were fling om the ees .
Aisn ran along the nocturnal streets of Frane .
ey wer to meet on the teet Boulevard Arago .
he Alison arrived , she id not e any people .
e waited or lf an hu t her friend nver ame .
When it was already 10 pm , sddeny a ar appeared in the dark .
Alion felt er , e heart was beating d h sared to run .
The c bgn to chase he .
Sh r rward but was far rm home .
ers flowed down her eeks , she could not rn any longer .
Fialy , she aw t lights of an approaching c nd ran toward he ar .
The ar stoped quickly and er friend stpped out of h cr .
Thy embraced and Alison hankd him fo savig e .
he Usual Suspects , e of h st movies in the ast t decades .
I must confess I fe like I am cheating .
They have asked me to choose a triler a it hs en so esy it ees bad .
I am gig to sart with the ctors of this ovie .
ot of thm were not stars when th mde it .
Ty becam stars ecase of ti film .
Thereore , it woul be icredily expensie to renite all of tem aga fr anter film .
he a redble , especially Kevn Sacey , Charles Palminte an Garel Byre .
he Usua Sspects is the firt movi by Bryan Singer .
I think it is h et one too .
At that moment , he semed like he w Stevn pieberg .
Nowdas , he a turned nto another diretor .
The photograhy is also good .
Th soundtak is no spetcular .
It h a cuple of go tun n they use them .
The script sepaate ti fl from the others .
The scrpt is pure gold .
It is so igtly wovn yo do o ralie it is telling you th str of a failure .
There is a cee , at h very end , her you can see a transformation .
You beoe war of hat wa gin on nd you sta to travel ack into the film sto .
hat moment is priceless .
I tik that the est way to recommend this movie to anyone one is to quote from The Usual Suspects : " e bes rik the devil ve plled w convincing the wrld he did n't xst . "
Dear Professo Findlay ,
I am exied abot appyng f the Course Mateils Writer position aailable at our comany .
It old be a gre pleasure for me to be part of hik ducation , an innovatve higher educatin istitution ha ofers hig - ality earning .
I have an Mc in Food Sienc and a hD in Biochemistry .
veall , I have nne years of experience in biomedca eseach and several years of teacing experience .
At t University of Queensland I tutored eveal subjects , icluding Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
During my caeer I hve gaind extensi experience in acadmic wring .
My scientific wrk has en published in seven scientiic atices .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer , I wrote scientific documents or lient in e pamaceutical inustry .
Furthermore , I was a writr a eitr f th rojec Food Info , a patform to inform he general ulic aut food - sciee - rlted tics .
The advertised position is very apealin to me ecause I av alwas been fascinated by nurition n natural therapies .
I would be very otivated to ontibute to he deeopment of exellnt educationa maerials for th Faculty of Health d Wellness of Think Education .
T trengths that I old bring to hi position re excellent written communication sklls n a keen eye for eail .
I am a ver dynamic , creative ad proactve peron and I have a strong work ethic .
I wold appreciat he cace to tl with you to discus the requirements and epectatins of the position .
Thnk u for yor time and onsideration and I am looing forward to hearig fo u soon .
Sincerely ,
Lra Monalvo
here is no future for pubic transportation , is in my opiion a rng assumption .
dern time have raised concern abu t envirnmnt , cimate hange d eergy .
Pblic transpotatin can help fght reenhose s emissions ad can help us potect e wrld from climae - change effects .
In recent years , there has been a great change in consumpion habs .
Nowadays , people cn choose te ost conveient way of travelling and there is no doubt hat using a private r is easy , cheap and fn .
On the ote hand , using a private car is totay gnorin the environmenal damge and effects .
In developing countries , ther is stl a low level of awrenss about the de effecs of sin ollutig private crs .
But in moer countries , t environmental effcts of on 's behavio are becoming imrtant and concerning .
In my opinion , it is just a matter of tim ntil all the transpotation options il be pubic and piate cars will be ef behind .
People 's lie wll change dramatically in the next 50 yer .
We c know this just by comparin life w and 50 yar ago .
If we do so , we can see the massve difference in our lives from t pple living 50 years back .
Although no we av vry advaced technology which h made r lives completely iffeent and more comfortble than bfoe , in th fure it wi be much ette than tis .
We will see things hapenin en which tay seem to be impossible .
The thr dierence , hopefully , ill be in medicine .
We wll dfiitely have btter drugs and also fewer incurale diseases .
However , it is possible hat along wih ew invntios d research the mght be more harmful viruses also .
Al the diferences wil make eole 's lives tranui .
There are some dwnsies to an advanced world too . For examle , pole wl be more unhealthy de to the environmental conditions and alo less self - reliant because of technological pogress .
Should bys ad gils go to the ae schoo ?
Mn pares face a dilemma whe choosig the pe of educaon they wsh to iv heir chilren nd e of the fir deisions hy mus take is wt tpe of chool they wold le thei children to attend a whether it soud be a sigle - e chool or a mixed - x e .
It cn not esape our minds that , at ths stage d age , children a expose to sexual imes from a vy arl age nd some ople oul argue at o society is hyer - sexualised , wch is a raon why many parnts se single - sx schols as a ens to protect heir offsprng fr having sexual thoght before they e ready to understand the comlexity of sex and sexual relationships .
While te hypr - sexualisation of our society may be a reality tat ma pants would wn to rotect their hldren from , it is rue to ay tat cilden nee to adat ad be reay fo the siety in whi they lv and for man parents , sendig thi cildren to a mixed - sex school is just a natural evironment , much more simar to the " outside world " in which tey will grw to adulthod .
onsdering ho much time children spend at hool , it sems to me that choosing a single - se school will ak t child , somehow , egregaed nd , in many cases , reinforce ome of te mn stereotypes that we , as a society , hve regarding nder . Therefore , if we take into consideration tht these cildren are going to be the uture leders , edators , lawyers , politicians nd so on , I wud ague that th more shols reflect r socet and te wa that we lik it to be , the better , not onl fr e child as a person , t fo the cild as a e to h uure of the county n , to an extet , to the world .
Therefore , ad to sm up , It is my view , that public mney is better spent sppoting mixed - sex schools , hich reflect the society we lie in , as opposed to single - e scools , which may reinforce tos stereotypes at ae undermnin socety .
I absolutely aee with this satement . Trvelling by car is o only mh more onvenient than publc transport , it also grats one indeendence to go wherever n henevr n might wish .
Moreover , driving grants motorists one of the most pplar feelings in Western societies : the feeling of being free .
Even if it is true that many itizens u public trnsport when their finances r tiht , it is also true ta ms of hse sam pope would u tir private cars nstead if given the chance .
he ar indusr could lo be cosiderd one of the man drivg rces of the Western conmy .
It is dificult to imagine what th future ould hold for the European economies if he car industry collapsed .
Thousands wold lose heir js , both diectly in the car fcories and indirectly in mny ohr car - related busneses , ie car pa stos , petrol sttion , garags , ad so on .
If private transport w fully replaced by public transport , he world 's econmi foundations wold hke and a globa financial risi of unprecedeted impct ould occur .
It is true that cars pollute th atmosphere , but it is alo true that he eissions fro publi transport ao contribute to olluion - some wuld a eve more than private trasprt , as Diel motor r much dirtier nd ore inefficient thn smaller , petrol driv motors like thse of private car .
All things coniderd , we might onlude ht public tansport wil eventually disppear and , in no me , veryone wl be drivng heir own clean - enrg - driven lying cars to go eveywhre .
Dar Mr Jason ,
I am writing to yo to apply fo a psiion advrtised rcenly .
rrently , I am workin as a teacher of Engish in my city of Dipropetrovk .
I am keen on communicating with dferent grou of chidren ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
During my caree I av organized a lt of facinating activities to keep my students enthusiastic but arning re .
Noadas , it is impornt to be a role mdl o your pupils - so I try to ke fit and show mode movies about staying healthy .
I consider myself to be idally suite to his job f seval reasons .
Frst of al , I hae considerable xperence of oring with teenagers ( for or th 5 yea ) , wich I find rely enjoyable .
Second , I am a ute energeti , pn , ative a educated person .
And finally , I am th kind of person wh is responsible , wll - organised and opimistc .
I old lik to work in ur umme ap .
It is a great opportunity f me to practise my skills and socialze wth children om a foreign cuntry .
d , of coure , to add an extra activty to my CV as I usually do eey summer .
If you hav y questions , feel free to eail me .
I have ttached a copy of my CV and ome cor letters .
I look forard to our reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Pasha Shubina
Recntly , geetic engineering s becme a ighly controversial issue around the wrld .
Many people think that genetic engineering has may drawback .
However , others claim that it is vtal f sciey and future generations .
Genetic engineering is e ocess of manipulating the gees of an organism .
Accorng to its supporters , hee e many benefits of geeti engineering .
As is known , it is ue to produce rop that re mor resistant to insets a dieses .
Bside , some genetically odified crops gow moe qickly .
Supporters als claim that it is vtal for some contries which are struggling th famn .
Te ter beneft rlates to human life .
With geneti engineering , han health has become better in many ways .
r instace , it may be ued by scientists to cure some diseses .
Gens could be changed befo a baby is born . Thus , inherited illnesses wold no lnge exist .
It ould alo be possible to lone human ogns so that we cold ve a chance to rpace o amaged body parts .
In spite of th benefits , here re also certain drwbacks to human genetc engneerig .
Thre are any eical concerns abu uma enetic engineing .
It is stil unacceptable in mot cultures becse of their religious belief .
They belie hat it is unnaural .
Another prblem is genetically mified food roduct .
Althouh they lok bigger or mre attractive , entically modified food products are unhealthy o people .
In conclusion , it seems the bnefits of uan gnetic nginering outweigh he drawbacks .
Terefore , enetic engineering is mprtant for humanity a the ftur .
Charles Dickens and the Brönte sisters were famous Victorian wrter .
Not only di they sar a clear interest in witig abt scial issues hat affeced contemporary life in Britain , u hey also hd smlar wys of sructring their novels .
For example , in Dickens ' " David Cpperfield " an Charlotte Brönte 's " Jane yr " , t sry is ld by their rspective protagnists wo emembr their w past experieces .
In boh novels , te wrters also dealt wt the mistreatment of childen in workhouses ( " David Coppfield " ) ad Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
Alhugh they may share thse thems , their ways of writing are quite different .
In e Bröt sisrs ' works , we n find ome Gothic elements - espeially in miy 's nly novel " Wuthring Highs"- and a deachmnt rm the figur of te Victorian dutifu woman .
In Dickens ' nols , Realism llws the radrs to kno how tough London society was in that pero .
Michael , my ver - ending love story , was walng down te street one night wh no particular thoughts in hi mn .
It was a arow tret lined by two - storey buildings on the ground floor of hih shops and bs were lashing their neon ins .
People were coming in or ou of e pb , se walking staight , others on l fours , cheerful anay .
Michael could n't ing himelf to enter ne , too proud to amit he needed peopl 's company after a long year of bng a sing guy bcuse he , on the pur of te momen , decided to split up with me .
How could this ha happened to him ?
What he dd n't know , or just old n't accept , a he was nwiling to tolerate othr eople 's viws nd jks . That 's w he packe my hngs and asked me to find another place to stay .
he reason ? I told hm I a found a job in aother city and I was considering moving hue .
I explained to him it was the chance of my ife given that go obs for wmen are difficult to in , pay is n't the same as r men , and I felt I i n't receie the satus n in my company njoed .
He just could n't tak it .
I mean it wa a oe I me , and I had no real intention of leavig him .
No on coud have anticipated what happened et .
I mus have seemed cruel to him becuse , despite our daily disagreements , he adore me and was serious about setling don son .
Bu I uess it w to i a shock , so Michael cled he door and knew at at mment he ad ade a mistae .
Dear Pul ,
Thank you for your e - mail .
It is very ce to he fr ou .
As yo know , I helped at a U2 concert lt monh ad I 'd ike to tl you something more about it .
It was , of crse , a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with boh hnds .
hn you her ou ar ake to help out at a cncert by ur favourite bd , you ca n't reuse .
I was asked to ta care of the V rm .
I w responsible for flilling al th need of these famous gest .
I must s that ot all of th r ery easy to work ih .
h things some of em wanted : unbelievable ! Luckily , I a me other students heling me ind all the curious ting for the famos .
Despite ll t hd work I d to do , I would o ha to thi twice if they asked me to do it gai .
It was , aer all , an amazing experience .
N to mention that no I av so od connections in the wrl of the rich and famous !
l te best ,
Derde
u to h ve - icreasing population coupled wih climate change , food shortages have bome a significant roblem faing many conries .
Some assert ta genetically modified food techology col be aplie to addss tis proble .
This essay will argu that genetically modified fo could be e way out of t prolem of oo defict and this will be done by focusing on its enironmental benefits and ncrased food yield .
Firtly , GM food n ave a postiv impact on the problem of foo safty .
It is well known that GM fod is inserted with variu resitance genes , sc as pes disease resistance genes .
Ths mes tha the food , eing more resistant to pss and agricultural dieases , we n minimis th use of hemical peticides and fertiizers that can oiso he wae supply n ollute he environment .
This reduction in the application of checal product n rate a sfe agricultral environment , ensuring food safet .
Furthermore , GM fo n also impove t production of crops .
Due to e various e traits rsulting rom h GM tehnology , uch as drought tolerance n salinity tolerance , GM food can esur food poduction in a period of rought .
Tis cul be important r food poducion , especially in developing countries .
However , some ay argue ha it is also questionable wheter GM food has a detrimental mact on hma helt .
Actuay , thousands of tests on GM food , before bringing it onto th marts , have prove that it is harmless to both te environmen a human halt .
In conclusin , it is evidnt hat GM food can increase food yields wt a rduced e of chemicals .
In view of tis , it is reasonabe to believe tha GM od might be an ideal statey to alleviate t robem of foo shortges .
Hever , bease hre are some diadvantags to the GM tchnolgy which is beig devlopd , it is so reommended ta governments shoul give more importance to the mangemet of GM food .
An elderl university professor a to ge s sudnts the last lson of his professional li , because he ws going to retire .
wever , only a ew sudets , just five or six , a followed his course nd , recently , only tw of hem had bn reset .
As so as t professor enteed the classroo , he was surpried to see ta it was cmpletel ull .
He thought tat many tudets hd deided to follow hi last lssn d he was plsed a oved by th kindness .
There was very littl ght in t clasroo because it had en a rain afternoon and a terrible thunderstorm had caused an electrical backout .
When a student ame in , he as lso srpised to see so ay people insde , but , after a while , he realized what was real hppening : dozens of wt rincots had been left on h chas by students of anote course .
The student did n't hav the courage to interrupt his tachr and gie him sh a strong pain d disillusion hm : he slunk away while the ol professor was still speaig enthusastically to nobd .
Studnts ' Use of Lesure ime
On d Mrch 2014 , a survey was conducted amng 60 studnt .
h purpse of the surve w to discover th popuar leisure time actvities of mal and fale students .
he suvey was carrie out by mean of a quetionnair given to the ml an female students to complete .
It consisted of hree parts .
he frst part of the qustionnaire dealt ith leisure time actvities on holidays .
e seco section ws concered ih time - u civities .
T thrd pr oched on the ays of speding free time at home .
Fom th ale of dta , the ost significnt tems re as follows .
It has bn foun in the first section tat a arge prcntage of the mae respondnts prefered to stay at he on holidays , while 90% of e female stuens lk to go to the seaside .
The mal students ould gladly go to historial places , whi 57% of t gil who flled in the questinnaire were n't inlied to spn their free tie in tat way .
In te second section , th the grs and the bs questioned claimed tha they do n't spend their free time oig to th thete or th opera .
53% of the ml students never do that ; whie 50% of he girs sated that they ry to go thatres and opas several times a year to expand ther orizons .
Te maorit of he mae and femae resondents enjo gig to ngtclubs in their pae ime .
r example , only 10% of the boys never do tt and 24% go to nightspots at least once a week .
More ha lf of h male stdents sped their spare time dng spr two or ore times a week .
nlike he boys , he emale respondents suall do n't feel like going in f sprt in tei lesur time .
In contrast to th male respondents , he girls questioned go to evening lasses in their free tie .
Whe 53% of the bos never do that .
Like e male respondents , t girls questioned go to the cinea regulary .
Fr instance , 47% of the female respondnts watch films on the g screen every week .
In th third part of te questionnaire , it was found ha the mle respondents are similar to e girl respondents in that ty both njoy liening to music at home for ore ha 2 hour a day .
In contrast to th girs questioned , wo almost never py copter ame , he majority of h ml student ply gaes for ous in their leisure time .
The femle respondents a more fond of reading book tha the me ones .
40% of e irl rea books for several hours a day , wle 13% of e me students do n't ra in their re te at a .
Th males w filld in t quetionnaire and the female alike spend may hrs surfing he Intnet .
o eampe , 53% of e female tudents are onlie for more tn 3 ors a a .
If y coclusion c be draw fr the data , they are as follows .
e leisure actiities of the male and feale students hve a lo in comm .
There is an obvous tendenc owards a dcine in active ways of spending re te .
h young people of boh sxe prefer to be onlne or plaing cmputer games in their isure tm .
Accordig to the findigs , it is clr that , nwaday , ging to nightclbs nd cinemas re ore popular ha going to theare and operas or viiing historical paes .
There is , therefore , a clea need for young ople to pree activ ad eductiona leisure tm ctiviies to pasive ones .
Dar Mr Lsi ,
First of all , we woul like to tank yo for letin us know bout yor oncens and givin us he opportunty to explain ourselves .
lease acpt ur sincere apologies ; it wa he least of our intentions to fend y wt ur releae ltte , whih is a standard fmat authoried by u legal department .
We already passed your comments abot te format on to our chie lawyer and op he c approve the necessry adjustments .
Be assured that we tk your concerns seriously .
We oud lie to thn you r makin us aware of he strog ound of te lettr .
Of course , you can sar our oiions a experiences abou your stay heever a ith whoever yu wh .
Tere h never ee any intentin of hing te ruth , as you said .
In addition , we ar sorry that your holia expeiece w affected by e fre ha ocurred on Sturay ctoer 1h , 2015 .
Our stff wred har to relocate ou guests as so as possibe in neaby hoel ad at ur Paraíso Complex , in order for the to cotinue enjoying thei holidays .
It was not an easy tak to ind nw accommoation and reocate over a thousand people .
We do knw that te incident migt ave caused some inconveniences , but h most importnt tng is hat nn of o guests or staff er ijured .
We are sorry for the tme it took to recate ou . The least we culd do a to offer y an pgraded room at aaiso ar y Beach .
Y mentioned in your email tht you oud have travelled again ih IBEROSTR if it was not for t orat of he release ltter .
We pe that r explantons d apoloies wil make yo change your mnd d that yo will give us another chance in h fture to provide yo ih a mch or delightf experience .
Gien h cirumtances , we wul like to ffr one of the followig compenaions if you decide to travel with us aain in the ftue :
Having used publc transport o so many years , as I 've lived in a big city snce I ws ut a chid , I do n't think pbli transport will dsappear .
In my opiion , many people depen on publi transport to g to their pac of wok , univesity or schoo .
In terms of money it is uh ceapr to travel by bus tan to e ou own car .
If you comare e price of prol ith the prce of a b tcke , you a clearl e how mh better it is to travl by b .
I enjoy travlling by bus or tin . On yor journey o can rea or just oo hrugh h indows .
o do n't nee to get ngy or mad if y do n't find a parkin space , yu can jt e on / ff te bus wherer you ik .
Yu n also ejy the compay of those traveles harin e same transport .
Sometimes you a eve mee new people on he bs .
However , I must agree that travelling by a can give yo more feedom , you n carry your shopping an pick up other peopl on the way .
Furtermre , ou can choose ha ime you wld like to travl ad where to .
But despit all this , there will aways be peope without a car who nd to commute every day , so there is a long future for blic transport .
As lng as people eep accepting this echnolgy or communication , social medi site wil lso keep proceeding to the net stp and affectig society .
In terms of e communication society , te will possibly change e way in whih eopl dvlop relationships with ac other , and consequently , ty will eate two types of culture : communal n agentic .
In the former , ople have almost equal ability , and value intrpesonal relationships .
In contrast , genti clture stsses the differences between inviduals , along with egotism a inequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Peppe as cte in Okazaki , & aylor , 2013 ) .
hese type of clure will exist in oppsition in t fuue as an effct of social meda sites .
ARTICLE
hee is nthing ore ha not bng le to communicte with peole hn yu 're in a foreign counry .
It might be uch a frustrating sensaton tat ou might n wnt to go bak again .
This atcle eals wih the benfits an drawbck , if there ae an , of erning anoter language .
peakng or myslf , I think that the pros outweih the cns .
On t one hand , you 'll eel more active and u 'll realise how your memory ge better n bett .
Besides , you 'll unersand te naiv pople when y go on holidy .
And furthermore , it 'll be reassrin to et by with yu bas necessites in other country .
On h other han , studying a new langage cn be a it daunting at first and you 'll hav to ep on trc on a dil basis if ou want to impve you anguage skils .
This could be a drawbck becue o al pple a up to th tak .
To wrap up th rticle , I 'd strogl recommend ht oun peope ean at least on new foreign lanuae , epecially if you 're a student .
hs wl gv you an advantage in yur utre carer .
Nowadays , famous eople , lik movie stars , poticians , odel a other ceebities suffer ro a lack of privacy .
Paparazzi and journalists e following hem everywhere they go .
They are ls the reaso fo mny probems hch ris in he private lives of soe celebritie .
It is known , that it is the job of ppaazzi to follow famou people an look for sensaio in their daily behaviour , and celebrities e aware of the ft that tey ae ecognised eveywhere , but an interest in someone 's private ife , when the prso es n't want it is basically a ynonym for trespassing .
I strongly gree with the tatemet , tha amus popl lso should hae thr ow private lives , whih no one 's foloing and tat no one knows about .
It is very hard to ead a nmal life when you have to think a day log , about ha yo say , what yu wear and , abve all , what y do .
Being a clebrty eans woking al e time . You have ot a single moment to relax d forg about or work .
On th other hand , it is obvious that people want to ko eerything they cn about clebrities they like or admire and jounalist ge hm t opportunity to fin t some informton about their lives , b they ote cross the line a litraly eprive hee famou people of a rivte life .
In my oinio , everyone deseves to have a prite fe vn if he is a publi eson .
I 'm su that no one would lke to ee their pho in a ewspapr , in whih the 're eating or making a stupi fc ad tat 's h we shuld espect others ' privacy .
Everything that goes on in a mous person 's lf , including irths , deaths , llness and ivoces is fodder o the taloids .
If the indiviua tumbles , whthr fgurtively or literally , speulatin aout him will end up on TV , on the Internet or on the front pge of the taloids .
On the n an , many faus people ike ben discusse all over h world .
They think ta , due to scandals , they ill be bl to get fame , lie in t lap of luxury and av a lot of money .
On the oher hnd , n evrybod wants to reveal th secrts of their prate if .
For these kinds of people , it is imprtant not to bng ou fmily cens and problems , as they do n't want to be discussed in pulic .
But in spte of tis , sometimes journalists ca be t insistent , trying to gt at as much nformation as posibl .
Generally , celebrities deserve to he a prvate life .
When you clo off at work , no one has te right to make you keep working .
As it sems to me , rivate infomatin about sars shld be pulished if thy approve of it by putting their signature to it .
It would be ir for celebriies .
Dear Pl ,
Thanks o you eail .
I 'm gl to hear that ou 've decidd to take pt in e oranisation of is month 's concr .
I ho you nd it seful , as I did last month .
I 'm writing to tell yo abou th eperence I gind durng preparatin for the lat concert .
It a real aesom !
As a volunteer I help make mea for VIP guests .
Y know , I hve graduated culinry school and it was a great oppotunity to ue my skills . I 've made a lot of ne rieds .
We 're still in touch .
Th bad thin abut it as that it took me a lo of time .
I fell bhind , bt it a worth it .
I ow it cld be a problem for yo since you ca n't cook , but oganisers ed olnteers in many filds : sceography , soun , IP - escort .
I 'm ur ou 'll fi something o you a ou 'll enjoy it .
So my recommendation to you would be to do something similar if y are lokng for go experiences and pleny of laughs !
Let me no h it goes .
ll he est .
Arthr
We are living in a digital a .
Noways , almost everyone in te world has ontac with computers and th geat mjorty of them have ed the ternet .
T Internet a may good points : it 's an infnit source of information nd it 's a cheaper and faster way to comuncate with ohe eople .
h nterne is also a ' om ' o any social networks .
One of thm , the mot famous and the most use , is Facook .
We n s Facebook to ge in toch wth our freds ad even to meet new people .
Sounds ice and easy , right ?
Howeve , Facbook , lie many other social netorkng sites , ha s dark side oo .
On the n hand , it 's addictive . Interet ddction represets a serious proem in r age .
It ay le to ineffciency at school - or the in workplace - or even sleep disoders .
On th othr and , lts of people usng fake accounts ar lurking on Facebook .
his means you do n't know for re who yo 're rally taling to .
Nwadays , anyone a take a photo fm t web d claim it 's theirs .
Stalkers , pedphiles , human traffickers , mderers and other crminal ; these are jst a sll rt of the trets you can come across on Fceboo .
In conclusion , I thik that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - not even onin .
The best way to ep ourselvs sf is to keep our Faceok profiles private .
An ao , e 's nt forget ht going t wt frends frm ime to tie wo n't hurt anyone .
The olapse of the Sovie Uni ha become n of e efinng vens in the orl 's history .
It influenced th futhr development of post - oviet countries as well te as geopolitical stuation in th whole wold .
It has also influnced interntional rlation not just wthi he post - Soviet area , b also in te entre orld , as the perid afte e collapse of the USSR wa mark by a crs of bolar structure in inernational elations .
Sce for fifty years h world lived under he shadow of th Cold War , feaing a fatal confrontation etween th US ad the Sovie Unio , the dissouion of the USR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - edia but also in Americn soiet .
T American press had idly covered the revolution in the Bltc States a the tension wic ad been spread across the Soviet Union afte h fall of the Brlin Wall , as well as the all of comunist govenmnts within he wol former Soviet oc .
Te tnions in the oviet Union ame to their pa in Auust 1991 . Whie Gorbachev wa on vcaton in the Cimea , a grop of right wing military nd KB leaders staed a coup in Moscow .
The " New York Times " made a series of publications ediated to the coup .
Ty er published udr te comon tite " Soviet crisis " .
T artiles headline " Soviet cris " broadly dsribed the situatio in the captl of ussia .
On Augut 20 , e " ew Yor Times " publishd an article which contained the excerts from te news coference held by Acting resident Gennadiy Yanayev ad for other members of t ate Committee for he Sta of Emrency .
The American press , summing up the era of Gorbachov , frequently highlighted h attempts to increase the penness of Soviet society .
hoe tempts ere considered as one of Gorbachov 's an merits . "
The burd ecrets of pas regimes and t foibles of the presn oe wer expsed to public cruiny by th res " - t New York Times wrote .
Te poters immeditly ecounterd strong opposition rm the leadership of h SFSR leaders under the giance of Presiden Bori Yesin .
en of thousands hit the streets in Rsia in ore to fend democracy .
Deisive actions by Yeltsin were supported by most world governments n international communiies .
Boris Yeltsin gained internaional acclaim wn he occupe he Russia hite oue and faed down th treas of he cu 's leaders .
e cop , due to lak of oanization ad suppor om the military fors , failed hre days latr .
The figure of Boris Yeltsin became th most opulr ne at th ie the in wold 's press .
Leadig artices in the mst read newppers in the ates ee deicated to h first Russian reident .
Amerian newsaers woe that Boris Ytsin cquired ne status through his diant stnd , also mentinig that the people had known litte about hm .
Te rtice in the Nw Yor Ps " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactioary Coup " refes to the igt of 18 - 19 ugust 191 , he the legaly elected President of the outry s removed from power .
e athor lays the stress on he democratic poceses in t countr wic acqired a broad and irreversible charter .
Also , it shows te attitude of the soviet people towards the changes in the couty . "
The people of Rusia are boming masters of their destiny .
The uncontrolled poers of unconstitutional rans have been considerably limited , n tis inclds arty organs . "
Tis cu had great resonance among American soiety ; consequently , the US ass - media were egr to ko the flings of US ctizens abut h stuation in e Soviet Union .
The US citzn emed the crisis a menace to the liberlisation of socey ; they asume it to be an actual barrier to th expresion of the pepl 's wil . "
In the hearts of many Americans , he cold w fnall endd ths ek " , the New York imes wrote .
The prs underlined tt many Amricans dused of fas ef over from t Cold War nd ere harshly reminded that ts was til the nuclear age .
e dissolution of th ommunist party also became oe of most popular issues in the Aerian mass - dia .
he reduction of Gorbachov 's ro an the groh of Yeltsin 's were no o of the aention in US meia urces .
The Russn Pesident , Bois Yeltsin , ropoed a rdical estructuring of t Soviet Unon that oud minimize e role of Mikhail Gorbachv ad reduce the SSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
The Communist Party , whch ha hd control for 74 years , is rapily dssolving " , t Chcago ribun wot .
The US ms - media followed te ractin to he cris isid th Communist party closely . On of h artcls in the Washington ot " Soviet Trmoil hkes Europe 's ommuists " sys that oviet Presdent Mikhail Grbachv 's al o dissolution of te Communist Prt entral Committee has cled ito question te survivl of is saellite parties in Western Europe .
The disslutin of the Communist ary a onsdered as ne of t features of he collapse of the Siet Union .
In h Washington Pt , he editoral remarks tht th faiure of th Msco oup finally broke the inluene of th Counist arty ve he pwr structures and the wol outlook of oviet people .
As a relt , th Soviet Union has been disintegrated along traditioal ethnic lne .
The upshot of the matter is that he dissolution of the oiet Union s caused th formation of new states and te folowing referendms on their indepndence .
he leaders of ssia , Ukrane ad Belarus ormally announced the dissolution of the Sovet Unin on c 8 , 199 and agred to establish a " ommonwealth of Independent Stats " instead .
The officil collpse of th Soviet Unin occurrd in December 99 .
On the 25th of ecemer 199 , Gorbachov oficilly resigned .
Te ahington Post wrote : " a soksman o Russian Preside Bois Yeltsin said tha h Soviet Union ll cese to eist by h d of 91 .
Soviet Presient Gorachev agreed to he isolution of all Sovit agecies " .
The Soviet époque , which had existed for 74 years , ae to its end and this aved t ay fo the establishment of nw independent repulics .
REPORT
" Wha are young people inteestd in ? "
INTRDUTION
As ruested , I interviewed a large umber of oung eole , trying to ndertand tei ain nterets , especially as regard music , TV programe and clothes .
MUSIC
an peope ad betwen fourteen ad eighteen said that the most listened to music aog teeaers is definitely rock msic .
However , sme of them admitted hei interest lo fr p muc d RNB .
Only a w younsers listen to classical mus and loe opera .
TV PROGRAMMES
The peope I interviewed are er ke on reality shows like " Big roher " nd simlar , but I have to say tt many of them are also interested in cooking shos and documentaries .
CLTHES
Finally , regading clohs , oug pople decare temseles to refer casual outfit like jeans , t - shirts etc .
Only a w of them like to wear fashionale clotes .
CONCLUSION
On the whle , I think hat oung peop now ave a wide variety of intrsts .
Soe of them are pety smilar to tse we a in t st ; ther e completely iferent and very interesting to explore .
This house elieves that veryone should be abe to spk Englis .
A world whre everyody is able to communiate in the sae anguae - is ht pure utpa or migt it be a ealstic idea ?
What would he ossibl avantages n disadvantages of a worldwide spoken language be ?
Establishing English as te new orldwide spoken langage mih be a good exaple sinc English is already spoken by more than 300 illion nave spkers and , therefore , the third most soken languag in e world , accrdin to Ethnoloue .
Moeover , Englsh is already a universal laguae used by any people to communicate or negtiate in the business rket .
Imagining everyone ad th opportity to learn a therefore cmmunicae with each other in a rldwide spoken languae is certainy an appaling idea n wud , without doub , have many benefits .
Firstly , as mentioned befr , it woud give everyone the oportunity to communicte with everyone .
Howeve , he relistion of Engish as a world language uld certainly ee an educational basi for eeryone , which might t be easy to acomplsh , ut it would be possible .
hil teaching everyone Enlis , it would lso be profitbe to tac basic knowlege of mathematics , physics or other relevan topics which migh be helpful .
Such a standadised educational system for every snge pern in the world wol therefore nt only bnefit the cmmuniation or exsting usiesses but also help third - worl ountries to start companie , ade ad industrialise thir countries so thy c take cae of temselves and get out of povert .
Moreover , he standardised educationa systm would also ed people who teah nd instruct others , so the wod language will be established eerywhre .
In order to acomplsh this endowment there wuld be a need for teachers wich would led to many e job opportunities .
Afte ll , a uple of prfessions might ecome xtint . Fo exampe , transltors , ut , therefre , th organisation and excuton of is big prjec wol provide a range of otr jobs wich could ke up fo the es lost .
The educional system would so prvide a valuable basis fo the world of politics , so conflicts might be prevented due to h lost laguag barrier wit its vulnerabily ad risks of misunderstanings .
In ddtion , cvl wars or catastrophes like he rab spring migt also be avoided since hee wll be an eduatinal tanard hich could ach different types of political laership .
However , thi gea improvement still a a few weaknesses .
On t oe nd , her would be a reat loss of cultures nd in sm cse e impementation of the educatioa sytm might be impossible , or instance it the aboiinal eope .
Aywa , tose tribes would not even need or ant an edcation or a world languge because it is thi way of life to ive in groups ogther wih nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecssay .
On the other hand , the suggestion of English as the worldwide spken language might be up aginst a lo of criticism , sinc the United Stes oes n ve my supporters everywhere .
Nevereless , English ws us a suggestion and other langues , li Spanish or Chnee , could certainly be used as ll .
Noaays , more n more people ar learning how to drve , as riving ne 's w ca is , as everyone kws , much or convenient than takng public transport .
Th future that ie ahead for ublic traport seems to be a bak on .
B is it really he ae ?
Is it really possible ht the ed of pubic tranport is soo to oe ?
I hd th oppose ew ; my answer is " no " , o sure .
Wthout dob , having ou own c provides us with gre convnience .
However , we ould not overloo h at that n eeryoe an afod a ar .
Sme people may are that we can u a seod - han r if we ca n't afford a and w one .
Ye , thy are rigt in sayn so and , in fact , may peope ae econd - and ca owners .
But they sem to ae fogoten the extra cot ncurrd o mainenanc nd repar , ad , of course , uying petrol .
T cos of having a ar is hence not as cha as we thi if we so take into aount thse unavidble xtra costs .
Under these circumstanes , som eople may pfer to take pubi transport to ae money for their " drea house " rather than buy a car .
t to mention that there re tourists in Hong Kon , who have no oice b to e public transport .
It is clearly sn that the is still a lot of ro for surival for public transpot .
Secondly , even if people have cars , he m also ake public transport .
As we all ow , og Kog is famous fo the scarcity of land . Ther a not ny parking spces availale , so employees m n be ranted an officil paring ace by their copny and , hece , y resr to publ transpo if they wat to avoid h fees for using e prking lot .
Havng scac an is nt he sole proble in Hong Kog .
Hong Kong is al famos or its hay raffic , whic imple te problem of tffic cogestion .
By takig MTR , one cn av all h hassle of ating precious ime eing stuck in a traffic jam .
Besides sain time , tking blic transport ca also hel rduce th mission of greenhouse gases .
Greehouse gases have aleady posed a gre thrat to huns , e.g. gobal wrmig and ozo depltin , which raised pole 's environmental awareness .
People are beomig moe nd more aware of t importance of environental protection and ant to cotibute to saving o Earth .
In this regrd , te my tak public transport instead of drivig their own car ee if they ave e .
ence , contra to man people 's perceptions , thre should be an icreasing demand , i.e. a rosy fute , for pubic transport .
Fo h reasons mntioned abve , it is obvious tt t doomsday of public tasport is definitely not soething own te lie .
u how aot the re dstant fuure ?
Mabe .
Like u ancestors would never have imagined that we could no fy in h sk by plane .
Technoogical advancment is , after all , lays something ta dros a bombshell on us , so suddenly that we c nevr redic h far it culd go .
Maybe one day we ill need neither car , nor public transport .
Simply by thinkig of a scific location , we ould go there in a lit econd .
Who kows ?
Hi Hrr
It 's good to kno that yo 'll be in the shop next Saturday whil I 'm ay in Lugo .
Tee 's not much wr you have to do on a oral da , but maybe his il be a special one , because of the match btwen Celta and Rel Madrid ta is ging to be eld hf a ilomere aa .
First , you eed to ow how to open t establishment .
I ase o my right - had employe David to come ealier e to your rrval .
He 'll be in front of he place at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earlier thn we opn the doos .
The prblem is Dvd 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be it you in the evening , when we usually ock up at 20:00 .
nc you cse it , it wold be great if you could leave the key at avid 's house , hih is in the same building .
There are about 14 workers in the shop , divided in 2 groups ith a differnt schule for ac on .
he ha smilar skils and proucivity , but , to be hoest , I prefer workig wit th morning one . I do n't tnk you 'll he any problem with either group .
If ther is any problem with the cas reister ( vey cmmon , actually ) , ou have a phone numbe under it of a good techicia .
he bil wl be id by us .
Wrte back soon ad le me kno if you he an cncens .
All the bes
Aberte
Change frequeny crtes a grat deal of suspicion and mistust in us .
However , it is ne of the ms motiting calenges in our lives .
To start with , it is an esentil feature in u lives .
We are in constant adaptation to e evens or persna xperiencs .
For examp , a clos relationship or a serious ilnes makes us look at the ord around us through diffent eyes , nd they also let us gow io moe intersting d nicer han begs .
Ev so , hang a be perceive as a disturbing isu u to h fat that it prvokes a strong feeling of uncertanty .
Ote , daing with new situations does o hl us to fel comfortable .
Futhermore , we sometimes feel scared of facing new experiences an hen we can miss a perfect oortunity to improv oursles .
In sot , I consid tht chne is alws th bet way to deelop r personaliy an to become better people in a aspect of u lives , bcase it represent a major challenge .
It is true that smetimes it is hard to acep ertain chges , but we can always larn something useful om tm .
Hi George !
Wha 's up ?
Are y OK ?
I pe ou 're great !
So , le me see .
You ai that your fight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if you go to the tin stton nr he irpor .
Wn yu gt ot of t airport , ou av to turn right ad alk r t intes and the the station is right in font of ou . It 's quite sipl my friend ! I 've just looke at te timetable n your tan rrives at 11.04 am .
Yur jurny lats abut 40 mnuts and you hv to ge ff at the station called Brighton nd I ill be hre !
et it ?
Oh , he tice !
It 's bout 6 uos .
It 's chp , is n't it ?
Then , es , te weathr .
It 's going to be sunny a warm dude !
So , do n't rry and bring t - shit a orts !
We 're gong to have a great time togher !
KIT a le me ko aout yr jorney !
e yu son ,
ih
Nowadays , the 's more to school than tting uietly at he ds and solving mathmatical eqations .
Classes ar being held much more interactively ha in previos yeas , an also subjects ae supoed to prepare ppils f adult life .
In the foloing essay , I want to dicuss the os ueful sill wich should be tght in school from an early age on .
First of all , it is esentil f oung people to learn ow to ake cre of themselves , sch as knwng how to cok .
Fa food has beoe pa of everyday life .
In odr to prevet the youger gneratio of our socie onsming it , we shoud gie em h possibility to atnd coing classes .
Not ol is it an advantage or their heath if the 're able to crae healthy meal , bu it lso stenghens reltionships amng clasmtes , as they might help and support each other while trying new ishs .
Moreover , it is a welcome distraction from te theortcal school rouine .
However , the 's still a oe importat area to have a good nowlede of - personal finance .
Som families may be ble to afor money a do n't thin bout its vaue .
Passig this attide on to thir chlden , te wo n't be be to save mony for emergencies and dal wh it reasnably , which is a neessity in order to srviv .
Tacers can take up he ole of the parents ad ve them knowledg bout finanes and the ight way to hadle the .
To conclude , here are a o of things worth cnidering eahing in shoo .
The two most usful , in my pinio , are ookig classes and persna finance .
Bot of them e skls wic help th maagin your lf later on , finances in particular .
Jake is a freelance journalist .
He usually trvels from lac to lace following th most burning news around t wor .
As a freelancer , he has to invest in his ieas , hpin tat someone il like i stores a buy tem .
Flying to diferent cntinents is ay noadys but tll expensive .
Therefore , Jake tries to arrange his tay wi one goa in ind : travelling in a comfortable way but savin as much as posble .
A few months ago , he h been spending w week in Brusels .
He was folowing an portant European ummit on environmental ssues .
Brussels , Eure 's capital , made s stay very pleasant .
Jake was abl to enoy is multicultura environment and its gret cultural initiatives .
He coud esily move fm lae to lce at ver convenin prices .
Access to differen ublc trnspor sevces ( uch as undrgrund , buses , tram , tc . )
t him awas reach his oking meeting on ti .
He so a th chance to know more bot te diverse atmosphere characterizing ea n every Brussels suub .
Durng winter , Brussels can be quite co .
However , underground rans n bues are equipped wit uc powerfu heating syems that you forget about te cd .
A e ees later , Jake had to travel to the South of Italy to fllow the ce of immgants reachi th oats of Eurp via ea fm Afra and the Middle - East .
He ws so excited about that trip .
Italy is his parents ' counry of igin and it a the first time or him to vist Italy .
He was able to eac the South by a connecting fligt fr ome .
It was sprn , the prefect time to go n visit the South of Ily .
Nevertheless , his stay w not as pleasant as he ha xpcted .
Jake 's ma challenge was to get arund an reach he plac he a planned to iit both fo is researc n for tourist purposes .
He son ca to realise o disranised public trasort is in the Sout of Ital .
Is inhabitants get aroud exclusively in their n cars .
Tons ar conested wih traffic james , esecialy during rs hours .
He was surprised by the poo quality of t a wen waking around .
The ar was pollutd by smo due to the huge nuer of cars .
Jake old oly ov aound by using h fe expnsie taxis available .
Such an eperience mae Jake reale the consierable mpact ht a good publ transport syse ha on people 's lives an teir surroundings .
In particula , an efficint publc transport impac on :
tress - it makes your lfe easier , sce you oid divin in h idde of traffic ams
Comunicatios - it eases movement fom pae to place
Environment - it educes ca on the rod , theefore air is less olluted
Yr own and your omunity 's pocets ! ?
- access to blic ransport is way cheapr than taking are of your own c ; thou nitialy it ght look like a hue investment of money fom the ommuity , in e long er it shows ielf to be the ms eficien wy to travel !
Seille is well knw for i stunning monuments .
though , I hae been struck by t ajr attractions , sc as Pza De Espana , Real Alzar and El Torr del Or , it is te elaxe n scil ay of living which has os imprsse me .
Therefore , it a ome wn in thi essay to exessing eelins about Seville and its surroundings .
Fir and forest , it is difficult to feel deep emotions we it oes to livi in a plae without real soal contct .
Therefore , I iss my close - ki family d friends .
I 'm having a vry ice time in evile though .
In fact , the more I kow about s organation nd its people , e more I feel at ase in Seville .
It is almost as if I were at hme now .
I must well admit is has ot always bee so .
To be hest , I wa not very attracte by h spirit of e cy at the very beginning of my stay .
In my opinion , Seville w raher disorganized a not very charming n is itizns rather rude .
Consequently , wha are he reasons for my change of hat ?
In my ie , gettig to know a city is quite siilar to getting to know peol .
he mo I understand it , th more I lik it .
Of ours , it may happen at times that I dislike wht I discover !
Luckily , this has no een e cse when it oms to Sevlle .
hi is prtly due to the ct I have piced up a fe wors which enable me to interact mo easi with its citizens .
For exmple , people start to alk wth me hen hey noti I ke efforts to speak in ther language .
There are een om smiles and laughs , which is vry rassurin for smeoe who is lone abroad .
Wat 's more , Sevlle is bright , colourful ad vely , which cheers me up a relaxes me .
For nstnce , I spent some time last nght eating tps on a sml street in a laid - back atmospre .
I was surrounded by jofl Spaniards who were speaking ldly .
Needless to sa , I greatly njoed hs tme as it made me ee as if I were ar of teir life a of he place .
To make matters even better , there w soe music payng a fw metes aead , whc contributed to livening up te pirits of everye present there .
In addition to tis , I really li sharing tapas dishe it pople , drinking a good resh " drf beer " and goig for a " tapas crawl " wit friens , as in Switzerlnd ah person get hei own dish we eaing out and ty only go f a " b raw " .
I am also keen on wandering f at my own pce and geing st in e winding narrow cbled streets , as I fl like an adventurer ookin for new treasurs .
Some of these ae striking secluded places , sc as chuches or Moorish - styled ouses .
Th , scourng evill is like rewinding time and bei propelled into te st .
On accunt of all this , it is ey to unersand h my perception of Seville a significantly anged oe time .
As fr as I 'm concerned , the ct is no lnge a museum isplaying sumptuous and otentatous monuents .
It turns out nw to be a very welcoming d relaxing lac wee am - hearted people live n wer I realy enjoy spendin some ie .
WHAT AN AAZING COINCIDENE !
Ha o ever witessed the cllaps of a mth and the birth of a new ta at te same time ?
This ye , in Itly , or h first time in more than 200 years , a wer coicidence happened : the political leader , Siio Berlusconi , and the singr Ligabue marked their caeer on the same d .
On he one hand , Brlusconi compromised h position when oe journalists told e orl about om wieappings of his wch wol compomise his fuur poltcal career ; on the othr , Lucino Ligabue wn the aar fo the best song of th er , bringng hi career evr forward .
nbeievable as it may em , thi is really a bizare coincdece .
ear Jo ,
It 's great to get sme news rom you .
What a lky man you are to have a year free !
If I ao had a year free , I would ly wan to travel , not wr .
Switerland is really a gret plac for travelng . You shold pn two diferent perios to visit sightseeing places , n in summer a e other one in winter .
Fmos sgtseeing paces are really different during witer an suer .
If yo decide to base yousel in Gneva , I uggest you first isit the north of Switzerland rom the west to the eat n then the sou of Swtzerlan frm e east to the west .
Switzland is a mll country , so te your te d send enough tie in each ple .
oncening our inury about workin in my counr , it 's realy dificlt to get authorisation to or , especiall fo periods oger than a wk .
Therefore , I suggest you wr urig your travellin te .
Fo instance , if you pn to tay more than one wee in Zemat in Wallis , think abo trin to id a pac where you could hep in a returant or a shop .
Bu if you prefer to work during a fu the - mont period , you shld ask you employer fo a ork ermit .
In any case , do n't hesitate to iit me an my amily in Lausanne .
I lok forward to seeing y during yo trip .
Peter looked at hi watch and ne tha he ha to do ometing immediately .
Twenty minutes ad psed , b Sarah s stil insde he hus .
He started to bite h als , restess .
he said that she would om ou in five minutes .
Wht if sh was in roubl ?
Wha if h owner of the houe has caght h ?
Five more mints went by , and he cided to go ito h bunalw .
He climbed the tree clumsily d maaged to ent through he en window .
It was a ar nght , so he old barey see .
-Thr is no need for you to climb thruh the widow , ie a thf - said a soft vie .
he shk made Peter gasp .
efre hm ere was a tal , dark oma in black .
He had n't seen her when he had gone int the room .
is ye were adjusted to th darkness now , so he old recognize er .
--Tris .
Tris ' smile became bigge .
-It as been a long ie , Peter .
May I ask you hy you are breaking ino my hous insead of knocking at the door ?
o rude of you !
There s no anger in her voice , but amusement and something ese ha Pter could not dtinguish .
-her is Sara ?
She must be here .
Tris 's smil faded away .
- You a the only persn tat ae hee in the ast fie hours , Peter .
Uness ...
The silence that folowed her wor wa oppressive .
Tey th kew wh would happen if Trs 's husbn fond a stranger in h house .
- I st fnd er efore he does .
Pase , elp me find her .
S ould be in danger .
rs sighe .
--Sory , my friend , but I 'm ot gon na ac my uband again .
This ime , u are on yu own .
First of ll , publi transport is obsete .
Tae a lok at t ighways near the big itie .
Thy are full of cars eac an every da .
If tere were a future fr public transport , that would n't happen .
Travllng by cr gives u independce .
You r nt tid to the tieable of the puic transot .
You an hose hen u would like to go .
Y a alo choos where o wul ike to go .
Finally , you can coos ho will ravel with you .
Thos are gret advantages everyone a se .
Right w we have a prbem : t oil reerve are deeting .
Tat is ing to happen soner rather tan ler .
It could seem to point owards pblic tansport , nevertheless it will push car travel en further .
The reasn is ha , once we ar free fr our oil shackles , we will say farewell to most of its problems .
There wl be no more greenhouse gasses , u can foret about escalting gas prces a , finally , ou will not reember air polutio .
Ls but not least , we are enerig a diital er .
Coputes d smartphoes are becoming moe prminent in u lives .
Why wuld I rave to a meeting in a different city when I an et through kyp ?
I can not fin the reason .
It 's a wte of time and ter resource .
In summary , public tranport is dying .
We need to embrace h vances of technlog d we ll be free of tse terribl experienc .
I enjoy watchig soap pras on TV and the best o o me is EastEnders .
This TV series is mainy based on woking - clas pope and repesets various thnic minority comuniies , including frcan nd Asa Muslims .
Ths sho is partcularl good , as it represent o peoe from diffent ethnic backgrounds an engage with ah the .
It shows hat thnic mnority people c integrate wih h majority Caucasian people wtout losin her cultural and traitional values .
In dition , it provides an oortunity for ople fom differet backgounds to peep to t culture d tradions of Bitis people .
Although this soap involves a o of cheatig and plotting between characters , it al hos he importace of fmil vaues . I uld defintly recommend his drma series to other eope .
It is important to ain awaress bout different culures ue to the ac that Britan is becoing such a multiultural soiet .
To travel around he world h always en my dem since I was a little o .
Howev , what is the st men of ransportation to see he world r yourself ?
As far as I am conrned , I would peer to trvel by oat .
A couple of good reasons ae behind my choc .
irt , to travel by oat is a very rlaxing d carefree exeriece , compred to beg confin to a very narw n lmited little pae on h seat of a plane .
Second , peoe on boats r grantd e opprtunity to see beatifu ocen wildlife , whle ting a plan does n't provide this luxury to tke a oo at th bir in th sky becse panes travel at such a hih spd .
Thr , wn it ces to trave , ht really maters is not yu destination .
From my perspective , it is t process that is or valuable .
Therefore , I oud hoos to lengte the pocess of trvelling , and a comfortable voyage on he sea wuld cetainly becom my rst hoice , sice it guaatees a long n pleasant travelling exrience .
I am wriin to complain about the suested ban on sokng in public areas .
I work in Café Ni , a ll - knwn restauran , popular wth vsitors in the cent of tow .
I am ey concerned about ths proosl for a number of reasons .
Firsty , I do t undertand why this is being implemnted so qickly n why thre ha ben no dscussion - there is no time fo nyoe to feel comfortable wh e da .
Seconly , it is unthinkabl to suggest it in outdoor bars an retaurants - such an ida is compeely nwokable .
To support my rgument agait his proposal , I would like to explain what hapend when the authorities atempted to introdc a ban on moking in my home tw .
It wa unsuccessful , and the poiticians had to reverse their dciion .
In the first ace , ew people knew about his law , and , of cuse , most businesses opposd the idea .
A non - smoking polic was intodued by some restaurats ; the consequences wr terrile : a large numer of thei cusomer vanished .
If this hapene in Cafe Noir , I could probably lo my j .
In my opinion , introducing specific non - smokn areas in hs type of establihment could be an exellent ea .
Ts woul pear to be a better solution .
Dear Margaret ,
Firstly , hak o r anwring a do n't rry bot e delyd repy !
Secondly , I 'd ke to ll you me things abot myself as well .
It 's not eay for me to talk about myself , t I 'll do my st .
I 've been liing in Augsbur for nearly two years o an am stuyng for a B.A. in Anglistik and econoics .
Beor oing to Augsburg , I studied biology f to semsters in Elngen , but soon realised that it a n't e right subject of study for me .
So I switced d I 'm happy to say that it wa the right deciion !
Biology is still a hoy of mine , ut I 've lways been god at languages and so I 'm ing soethng I 'm naturally good at o .
I can spk English and , of coure , German - nd because my gradparents e from Korea , a ttle Korean , too .
I am th ony grandchild that ca n't sea Korn properly ecaue I grew up in Bavaria n o in W , bt the taught me to cook .
It started hen I was a litl hld , and it 's what I do .
hen I 'm stressed or trying to postpone things like tdying or cleaning the flat , I ook .
harng my flat with two boys is amusing mot of the tm , but when it 's abu cleaing … oh my !
The good thg is : h est of the time , living it bs is as uncomplicated as it gets .
n we 're a pretty ood em ecause l of my cooking e to ay evnngs spent together in our kitchen .
My other big hobby is traeling .
I 've been to Jmaia , orocco , the Maldves nd Curacao .
ls , I have vsited the UA ny times : I ' ve travelled the west oast from a Dieo to an Francisco , I 've been to as Vegas , Ciago an Boston .
In lss than two weeks , I 'm gig to fly to New York Cty .
I 'm so excitd !
So , now you av a rugh summary of me .
I 'm oking oward to woking with u and wish y al e best until tn !
See you soon ,
Sarah
Dear Sir / Mdm ,
I am wriin in response to yor advrtisement in a magazine .
I wold like to apply f a vacancy as a Camp Assistant .
I am a 23-ya - old sudent doing a Sport ience egre , so I am interested in sports .
Beside , I am pn - minded , easy - ing d riendl .
I have experince of children 's Summer camps and I recent atendd a First Ai course , so I cod deal with a dfficult situation .
I am a nati speaker of Spanish d I ae pasd he Frst Certificate xm of Cambridge , so my nglish level is ite god .
In addition , I spea a little French .
I hae no prblm wit beg hired fr hre months becus I do not go to university in e ummer .
Y il fid tached w references writen by th two diectrs of he camps where I have worked .
You could ak them bot me nd they wuld answer yo immediately .
I loo forar to receiving our reply .
Your faithfull ,
Auri Bonilla
There is no sport li footbll .
It is an activity that requires many people , whih mprove yur socil skills ad your overa abiity to anag a grp .
It demans physical efrt , eig an excellent way to ke fit .
It inolves many moral virtues , which mkes fotball one of the es activties or teegers .
Sartng wi the socia skills , it is obvious that a fooall match is a ispute , a game we get involved in wh the intetion of winning .
Th kin of actio , when performed collectiely , rquirs coordinatio of efforts and an ability to work togethe , t qualities th are frequently forgtten in our indvidualistic wol .
If you pl football , you knw how to c whe in a team .
Also , football is a pysical me .
Unlie ches or bidge , football makes you jump , run , kck .
In imes of ecalatrs an cas , it is refreshing to find an atvity ta involves movemen , velocity and strength .
d if you do decide to ae it seriously , this sport will put you thruh wrkuts d sustained practices that a gog to make you ally fit .
Finally , ootbll involves relationships in moments of tensio , and this is t natul context r virtus lke justice , courage and honesty .
In fa , it n be argued at te human virtues a a by - product of coflicts an fights ; that he re tse character traits tat we acknowledge as importan fr eeryody engaged in a competition , be it o a toph or for a country .
It is a spo ht devops ot ny t ody , but also the mnd an the heart .
If you want to try it , ou should find a lb near you .
It is eay , because football is o of the ms popula sport in e western world .
In a club , yo ll fnd professioa adce and alo as many pple as ar necessary for a match .
In fact , if football a a dowsid , it is this , the fac that you need tenty - two pople to st up a match .
ut , provided you hav tht , yo wil have o of the est ninety minute of ur entire life .
Dear Hiring Manager ,
I have rad you call o marketing proessioals on your corporate website .
Please find my CV n Lettr of Reference attahed .
aving graduated fo CLMD in 2016 as an IT - baed arketing cmmunication professional with a focu on Busines Englih , I culd be a gret sset to your compa .
urin my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a Londn - ase hotel 's website , nd improvd te effectivees of thi e - mail capaign by 5% .
I did so by cleary outlining rinciples which proved to wok wi eir aret audiene and they a kep usi as a guide .
I have en volunteering f vrious similar proets .
You ca fd a lis of these wih my achievements in my CV .
I have been following your maretng activities , and I hve a umer of new , creative as on my agda . I could imprve yur brand image as rt of your tea .
I would be excited to tell you abo my plans in dtai in a uure intervie .
Yur sincerely ,
anor rzsi
I have a stron belie that beig multilingual is essential for working in the finncial industry nd Mndari is an impotnt language for wrking in sia - Pacific cntries .
To further imprv my Chinese , I nrlled for the Pot - Intermediate Mandarin lass duing my unergraduate stdies , in whih I achieved a First - Class result .
Beyond my academ subjects , I hae consistenl takn up soe active roles at university and outside school to urther evelop my interpersonal and leadersi skill .
I was raine as a PAS ( Pe Assisted Study Ssion ) eader for econometrics to provide so academc support to sme younge students durng my final er of stu at anchester .
I attende rainig sessins nd workshops to learn aout t sills to be a good facilitator beore the start of t academic year .
Te regular metngs with my goup of tudnts to dicss their qetions on econometrics have developed my empathy , wih is a cuial skil for beg a leadr .
In addition , I have undertaen an iternsip at HSBC Risk in orde to ai an insight into e banking industr d learn how to wr wth my peers in a busnes environment .
I have gained a better understanding of the ole crdt isk play in t fll picur of anking operations .
A Real acation and A Drem Vacaton
To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journ fo recreation or tourism .
n I usually sped my vacation with my family during school reak .
wever , there re two kinds of vacation , a eal vction a a deam vacatio .
O summer vaatin , I went on a trip to Paris ih my famly .
It was a 10-d trip .
A we had booked a o hotels in advance .
It seemed to be a dram vacation .
t it turned u to be totaly diffeent when I arrived there .
It was in te afternoon when we arrived .
en I wlke ou te airport , I a attracted by e beautifu scenery .
T treets , te cafés and the people fomed a beauiful pcture .
At night , I expected to have a omatic Frech dnner at a posh restaurant .
Bt no , instead of sitting in a restaurant , my mum ok us to a supermarket to get some sandwces for dinner .
In the folowing days , we mosty ha brad d sandwiche for ur meal .
An we a nly wter when we were hirty .
Drng thse 10 as , we walked a lot instead of atching a bus , bease it sav oey to .
But it mde my legs sore every nigt .
Ti is a ral vacation for me .
Even though I was in a romantic cit , I could n't ejy my vaatio in a romntic way u to e lw budget we had .
To me , a dra vacation is like oing to a beautiful island lik Pala , where I culd enjoy te sunshe and the sea .
An I would like to go tre wt my bofrind .
When I as the , I would start my day by calling ro service r a woderfl brekfas in bed .
After , I wou ed to h say beach and relax in e sun , eeling th reze .
As the da went on , I wuld as go swimming in e deep blue sea , go snokeling or just lie on the beach .
Lying on th beh is very relaxing and it is h perfec thing to do on vacation .
Once the sun ges dow , I would t the brs to have some dinks and enjoy te nightlfe .
An I woud away he my meals at some luurious restaurats .
Ts is t id of dream vacatio I want so badly .
Vacations shou be relaxing , no tiring .
There are always differences between a rl vacation and a rea vacation .
And it is al on account of e budges we have .
Once I have enough money , I wi ae my dea vacations coe tru .
From now on , I will save my mney to trn all my vacations into my deam vacions .
Wen I finished high school , I started working as an acounant in my father 's carpentry business .
He podces dor a windows in wood .
At the beginning , it s really diffiul o me ecause I was a little shy wh customers ad I a n't usd to wrking mong noiy acinery nd shouting rkers , b after a whle , I learned to ignore l of hat !
Very soo I realized that ts jb wa n't for me .
I was workg in a vry small cotry a my offi wa isolated , so I i n't have an conac with other peole n my job started to get boring .
It took me 12 years to et the courae to quit becaus it was my family cmpay a I lt really sorry , but I had to grow up and improe my proessional kill , so I beg to lok for a new job .
When I received an email fr a company aed in the etre of Mlan , I ws elly excited !
My fthr w hpp because it was a great oortunity an understood th it was wat I 'd been dreaming of fr a ong time .
Fie ers have assed nd I 'm still working for is omany , whc has given me a lot , an I 've been earing many things about accounting .
In fact , I am aministrative manager and I feel realy roud of yself .
I meet lots of people ery da n I ave the hanc to talk to sat people .
Last b nt leas , I 'm a great fason expr becaus I work na t shopping streets !
Dr Sir / adam ,
I ould like to apply for t b whch involvs working in summer mps l oer t A .
I uld lo to be the ersn to organie n do all knds of actiitis .
My name is Ay euws . I am 16 yeas old . I live in Te Netherlands at the moment nd I am really pannin on gog to the USA in h fute , so ti would definitely be a rea experience or me , esecially r my English a being away rom hme .
Unil ext ummer , I wil stil be in schoo but , hopefully , I ill gradat so I can go to college aterwads .
I lve to wrk with children and that is lso why th o wold be perfect for me .
ftn , afe scool , I abysit my parents ' riend ' cildren and I usualy really like it ! I am alo a ver athleti person , so I ould n mind entrtainig th hildren for a oner priod of ime a also doing soe hysicl exercises .
Bsides th , I alo reall enjoy ooing with my mom at home , so working in t kitchn would not be a prolem at a .
Once , I cokd a Chritmas dinner f me and my whole family a , urprisngly , everyone enjoyed it , which definitely am as a surprise to me !
I hoe to hea from you on !
Kind regards ,
Aly Meus
There a never been a biger foe r hange ha tchnology . It changes aolutely everything bot h ay we live , even h y we tlk ih each other .
Despite the rise of social media , te ide of communiy has chaged radically , ecause pople are harig interes verywhre on th planet .
Socal Media suc as Twittr , Facebook , YouTube d blogs illustrate clearl that e efnition or nfluence of digital technooges is created through the forms in which they are used a h scil relatons a associations at xand arun he .
This esay ll dscuss t implication of soial media for eveyday if , mhasizing h problems wich ae arisen from the u of Facebok and Twitter .
Fially , it will look into possbl future implications of ti ki of technology .
Socil neworking websites can be explaid as a we utiity ht allows peop to crete a plic or emi - public rofile , arage a list of other contacts wh wm it is posibl to share connections and lok at and crs their ist of connections and hse me by others wthn the yste .
ame and Kinnison ( 21 ) indicates tt " the hre types of socl interactin tt socal networking enables include ( 1 ) creton of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between usrs , nd ( 3 ) development of layered communities dfind by t list of cnections each ur estabishes " .
One of t most popular socia neworing websies is Facebok .
Another rapidly expanding socia networking tool is Twitter .
These ids of websites allow pele to interact with otes direly v smartphoe or computers .
Through Twittr , ser ot opinions or comments restricted to 4 characters .
On the otr had , on acebok , peple can share pictures , videos nd thought without restrctions .
As a esut of an ppropriat se of social networking ols in edction , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that sudnts adopt Faebok nt oly o sociaising bu also f academic pupose , for exampe , to obain benfit for their studies or to save time by disoveing learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , sme departments of poice in the SA have used acebook to shr a video of a felo ih the expectatio of identifyig the suspects , ad hir followers wee p to say somehig aout t incidet in response to th publition .
Additionally , a olitican fro Philadelphia , USA a eleted afte tking advantge of his Twiter acoun appropriatey dring h campaign .
My most mmorable learning experience to date was my marriage .
My ex - husband tugh me o to get involved with me ins of pople by analyzing his behavior eore comitment .
Durin our courtship he s very chaming d atentive .
We discussed some seis ias hat I do n't agee wth about wh society demnds of peoe an I noticed a lttle sexism in hi , bu I wa fine with that ecause hat cn hpen . B due to my profession , he cul n't be le that for so long , because I was in a man 's sos .
He was ver jealous , ut I thought it would fa aw with te ad ih e gainin of trust , but it d not and endd up making me ik as the ime assed .
I leand tha a man does anyhin to coquer a wmn . He ven dos a l of haful things for him , such as oing to her home every night to be togethe or to hang out , while atr you find out that he hate going to laes eept his house .
I learned a ma says anything jus to shut ou up ad o dscuss things , ust to have some lo moments .
He does not end an rgument and give a poition to uderstand your point , he thinks he is rght d does nt want to think abot it .
I also learned that mn think in a different wa rm women drin h d .
r example , hie wmn thin about millions of higs ik what they want to do or ha to do during the day , en just do not tin about anyting and can be like that for hours , just wit a blank mind .
But , in my opinion , hs shoud be an excuse to thin something that women shoud n't kn nthing aut .
I also arned that it is the other that gves the prncipls nd the direction of a m 's mind , nd depending on h , he is going to be a exist or o , he is oing to help and be an hnorabe an or no , he is going to be a good and cari fater or not , he is gng to be a responsible hma being or not .
A mother is abolutely fundmetal n the basi for e man 's priniples n liefs .
Wmen do not know their mporance for the ftre in heir own hms .
hey teach t same things er and over again nd do ot rethink whether tse belief and atons ar really rih to lp the world cange d be a tter world for everyon .
Onc pn a time there was a maestuous kingdom in England , suroundd by beautiful rivers , waterfalls and mountain .
Everyone lived pacefull an harmoniusly until ne day , at t welcoin al in onou of the ittle piness , a horrendous witch showed up n cursed h ltle princess name Sophie , who would die at the age of 16 ad ony a kiss of tre love would sve he .
Princes Sphe ge up , she was so unhappy because sh cud n't do anything , he was condeed to ive in a room of the castle uil omeone col fi he cure for h crs .
n day she figued out how to escape through a iden passage , h t to th twn and n a umped , she i evr ltte thn sh ha n't en allowed to do o so lng .
While she was having ome u , a hndsome boy bumed ito her n she fell to the grnd .
As on a gentlean would do , he apologid a introduced himsel to t Priess :
" I am so sorry Mdam , excuse me r my buder .
I am Mihal . "
The princes was a little scare of tlking to omone she id n't know , because she a nevr got to talk to anyone before , bu still she aswred him wih a bi smile " You are xcused , my name is Sophie . " It rul wa love at first iht .
Michael aked r to go ith i for an ice cream so he oul ae up fr hs mistake .
Sophie acceptd and they startd a strong friendship tht , with ime , became moe than ut a fiendshp ; they fell in love with ach other .
Princess Sophie use to scape so se ould meet with Michael , unt e day , en h was just aout to meet Michael to onfes to him all te truth about who she real was , a guard discovered her and e King cmmaned h to oc h up in her room .
Michael w disappointed because he thought hat Princes Sophie id n't loe im anymre .
Princess Sophie sent hm a lot of ltter eling hm e truth abot heslf , and aout her crs .
But after Mihael ad he first letter , and fund out that Sophie wa a princess , he thought he w jst a game or her .
He did n't wat to ad the next letters , in whih Princes ophie said he ws the le of her fe and als wrote but the curse .
Michael decde to leave the ingdom , when he was just abt to loe e door , he turned back to is coffee tbe d aw th lettrs , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
Michael closed the dor a new at that mome he hd mde a mitak .
I blieve th saying hat thre is no utue r pblic trasort gien that ravellng by ca is so uc mor convenient , is premature . We need to consier a lot of actrs before we can mke a udgement of this kind .
Wat hapns in the fture wil be ecided by what hapens ow .
We have aleady heard about hw pollutin is killing our panet eath , gradually .
People are advised to carpool d travel together to work places .
Vaious announements or raio and TV emhasize the ned to e the public transport sytem for travellng to save the enviroment .
e , not may pay heed to t messae .
ople may choose to igore th advice n bu , in e future , tey may not have a choice .
It is nly a attr of time before we rec a tipping oint with rspet to t liied natual rsources that we hv .
Ten we may hav no coce bt to s publc transport as much as we can for travel .
On of the lates films I hv seen is Silver Linings Playboo , plyd by Bradey Cooper ad Jennifer Lawrence .
It 's a coed with romantic features and , at the same time , ry ralisti .
The are fmiy problems , ootball madne , romantic osessions nd mentl illnesses .
The plo is abou a yon man ( Brade Cooper ) who ha just ben dschared rom a psycitric hospital and has moved to his parents home .
He was accused of mistreating h wife d that is the reason w th had been separated fo the last eight mnths .
Th problem is th he s an osesion : he wats to get ack wh his wi although he ca n't ak to hr as the police have forbiden him .
is neihbour is a young woan ( Jennifer Lawece ) o hs een wiwed for 2 years .
h has a turblent and complicated at .
he meet by chance and strt a ortous reatonship as friends .
Interstngly , they nd te w to help each other and , no surprisily , in te end tey fall in oe .
I pesonally thnk at the film show an interesting view of psyhiatic illnesses and th mportane of t family in this type of rolem .
I strongly recommend you go a see t film .
Inroduction
The a of this report is to resen young people 's interests in my coury .
It gives informtion about their tastes in msic , TV rogammes and clhes .
Msi
A revival of ro music s been se in the past 10 - 15 yars .
So , naturally , abou hlf of th teenagers and young adults pefe rok and ro , hard rock and progressve rock to other genres .
ey eny boh local bad ' output and some foregn ngs .
About one third of the et woud clai hey listen mainly to pop fo , weras the rest ould be interested in R&B , sul an jaz .
Television
lthough not many young people like spndng their free ime watching TV , I believe tt som atterns of preerence ca stl be recognized .
Aart from classics le Friends , popuar hws ilude How I M Yor Mother , The Big Bang and h n O al show Las eek Tonight . I can ay th gh certaty that realty TV is no longe in wh oun peple in my coury .
Clothes
Most teens tend to reate their own unqe style , often managing to start a fashion of the on .
Designer clothes ar nt what te look for anymore .
Conclusion
This infomaton could help t oranizrs of next er 's fstival in hooing approprite music and cateri to a variety of astes .
Hello arah !
How have you een ? I 'm writing you this eter because I think I found the perfect flat for y .
My frind Peter recetl tol me that he was mvig ou of h flat , so I asd hm if he s iling to rent it .
nd gess hat ...
He said yes .
It 's a thid floor apartmet ight in the idle of the city .
It as o bedooms , a itchen d a vy lrge bathroom .
The hoe is lreay equpped with everything you might ed and urniture so l y need to do is ack up your things d move !
Tll me what ou think out it .
e , Sofa
Dear Sr or Madam ,
I would like to express my total dissatisfaction with your laest measres .
You anged the tme of te Jaaese lssons rom h evening to te aftrnoon , wen I am actually at wk .
So if I want to oe to e lesn , I ve to poston ll my projects to a later im .
Furthrore , you will incase th course fee by 15% rm next month .
I have to a , I am reall upe about these chnges .
In e utre , u do not prode the Japanese course at a coneniet ie .
So you will proid a worse ervie for mr money from next onh .
I am very sorry , u I can n accept th !
If you do not change your policis or gi me a personal discount , I will leve you choo .
I would appreciate it if you tok these possibiliies into consideration .
I exet a qck response from u .
Yos faithfully
Vivien Alberta
ecenly I watched a film called " he Sit Sense " , and I 'd totally recommend it to anyone lder ha 13 .
The mvi is s in the nted tate around the 1990 's , so we coud s the film is tecnicaly modrn , though I 'm se th in se yars it wll be considered a lassi .
It 's abt the toy of a ittle oy ha is haunted by a ig eret ; he is vsite by ghosts .
His motr does n't know aou hs , ut she is woried abot h .
So he decde to ak m to a chld psychologist .
he by son becoms friends with te psychologist , and he star noicin penty of things about this exceptiona boy .
I 'm n normall keen on thrillers , but this is definitely a must wch .
The oy 's ctin is really somethi , uc a thng ht s ating erned him a nomnaion for he Academy wards .
I fond this movie bh exciting ad emotioal . Bo tmbs up r me !
Funing proposal
As e secretary of te English anuage Club , I am writing to propse hat r club be given fuing fo the coming year .
Outlie of the lb 's activit
Te Club has mn scial ad cutural programs .
We reguarly organie film prjectios and dscussions around a subjec related to the il .
We als nvte guest speakers nd organise fun events .
Benefits fo the studnts
ay students gain a geat ea fm our activities .
or example , wh very film en , our students have the chan to practice ter laguage and to develop tei n opinio , pariculaly as we always av discusions around a subject related to te lm .
so , u onthy speakes ar excellent . For example , lst year we invited a well - know actres , anet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Boaway .
Unforunatly , orgnising hes ids of evets is costl and th mney from membership fees is nt enough .
Bnefits f te college
We also beliee th college benefits rom ur club .
Ben fuded in 920 by our wel - knn lumnus , John Carter , the glish Language lb is t oldest club in r college .
h fact ta verone fro the community an participat in our eens elp us to dvelop a posiive relatonsip betwe the college d t communty .
We hpe you will be al to te all this into account and will ind it possble to help us contiu n impoe our cu by funding us .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjyabl .
What 's oe , shoppi is almost alws unenjoyable .
I jus hat it .
The who rocess is aduous and nerve - wrackn .
I am a omebod type .
Every tm , when something compels me to eave my " castle " , I feel under he weather .
Especaly when it comes to going shopping .
It just winds me up .
Shopping centres re lcated in th ty centes , so every oa tp lasts ages ( I lie in a subu ) . hs , hn I get to the mal , I am lrady ent u of sape .
Afterwards , h crwd of people is rmming me when I 'm trying to walk .
The lihtig in shops is unpleasant .
My eye instantaneously start to hu .
I 'm ot able to find y ice clothes .
Although , if I fid something cute , it wo n't it .
And th worst thing - he queues .
I hae them wholeheartedly .
At the en , I 'm liid and xhausted .
Thank godnes we lve in te inernet ge d I can do hpping witout aving my bed .
1 . T thor compaes Easter to a pagan srin festiva , becase ey ae associated wih happiness .
The way Eater n , specifically , Good Fridy are celebrated is gadually deprived of religious content .
Peop do n't want to conemplte Chrst 's suffering , ut they at to move direly to t ceerul part of the Ease celebration , so , to Easter Sunda .
2 .
Accrdin to the author , pple " flinch from consderation of Good Friday " due to three tabo connected with th y : sf - sacrifice , suffering ad death .
The way elf - acrifice is sen as chaned enormously - we no longer want to sacrice ourselves , beaue it 's unpopular nd it is in contradictio wth the ea of consumerism .
at is more , we are becoming inifferet to other peol 's suffeing and that 's why we are n't iling to think abou it , even on Goo Friday .
Suffering , as wl as dth , is pushed ay from ou rea life - we do n't wat to eperience them , but ould rather watch them on difeent kinds of TV hos .
3 . The L'Oreal slogan " Because ou 're worth it " proves he author 's thinking tt we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
In a consumer lifestyle , we want mre a more for ourselves , b n r other people , ecuse it wil require el - sacrifice .
Peter looke at h watch and knew ha he had to do omethig immediately .
It as a hot umer 's a , everyone was walking to their usual destiatin ; work , scol , to b some groceries , ic up t landry or tei clothes fm the cleans . veryne except Pter .
He ws swetng , looking at peoe in a onfusd wy .
" Do n't they know wh is hapening ? "
Sudenly , Peter stted to run . Wie he ran , he loked at his wath , over nd over again , as if by looking at his watch time woud stop .
t this as no te case , time ontinued to pass by , ee so slowly , maig Peter even more agitated .
He stopped at a great big builng , knowing that th asest wy to et to h o floor of t bildig w by taking the elevator , u wha if the eevator stopped ?
He decid to take the tair , d so he id .
He ran up the stairs as fast as he cud .
Hf way thogh h journey , he ripped .
To him , it felt as if time d stopped for a moment , but te , as time always de , kept going .
Petr smiled fr a brif moen as he rememered s bession with Einstein 's Theoy of enral eltivity . He ought , " finally I understa it " .
He calmly stood up , looked at is atch , then clod hs ees and ralied that there was nothin lse to do .
Noadas , it is hard f many young peple to do phyical exrcse frequently .
It is a well - known fac ta soetmes they prefer watching TV on the sof or playing copute games comfortably to doing pysica activities .
So , it is necessary to fn a oltion in rde to ake young pepl keep ft in a motivated way .
her can be no obt ta tecnoogy shoul be a ool to motive yog people .
It is cear that most of the se computrs d watch television almost vey day , but whie he are dong this , they are sitting on a cofortable sof .
I fel er strongy th omputer games could be an enjoyable way to do physicl exerci ithout leavn ome .
On he make , you can fnd a ie range of comuter games or video gams to kee fit , such as dancing to he rhythm of the latest hits , laying teni , oing arobic , running ...
Moreover , schools an play an importat role in kds ' fitness .
It is true that many young people do extra ativiies related to sprts , lk football or basketball .
Althoug some cools offer he cace of dng thes , many thers do no .
I imly believe that were the schools to offer kids a greate variet of sprts , there an be no dob tat hey wold do more eercse .
In this way , hildren cold do h spot te prefer as a route .
To s up , it is mprtant to motivate youg eople to do hysical exercise .
Schol programmes n technology coud be efective metod to achieve this goal .
It seem to me that schol programmes wod make young people be encouraged to keep f because , in is wy , they do their favurte spt in a routine wy .
It l stated with jumping oer bi black tashcans .
I was 9 years old when it happee r the first tim .
Back in h me , whn I sucesfully passed thd grade , my prnts decided to let me ik the prent hat I wanted as a rard .
Th vry first thin tha me to my mind a a pa of inle roler sates ; I used to ook out of my winw , or sit on my houe 's doorsp n see my neghbrs skating an tryng to do some tric nd jump , an ll I wanted w to jn them instad of wachig them enjoying themsevs .
My paents oo me to TOYS R US to g what I wanted .
I an to t otoor tys section and I picked the skates I liked .
I tried a cole of sizs to se wich one fitted et .
I oul nt have been me excited about joinng my frends .
After ht , I et back me , I put them on , nd I wt outside to ate .
I fell ver a hundre imes in a w dys .
With ie , I go bett , ad I start to lean h to do tricks and jump oer small itms .
While skating was a whim for my fiends ad me in he beginning , I found myself thrug it .
I knew ha sking wa he thing I wantd to do for e et of my li , the ing I wanted to tl people about whe they ased me wat my favorte hing to do was .
In a ouple of ars , I bece much bter and I arned to do ay tricks , lik skating backwards , h Snake an e Zigza .
I learned w to jum vr ay thigs , uc as char and the trhcans tht my neighbors ued to jump over .
However , tht was not nough r me .
I kp ryig to find ou or about sking .
I went to middle chol ; I et two friends wo lo loved to skate ; Moammd and Khalid .
We decided to go skating on the nxt wekend at the ar , wch h a ie path by e s .
en we met on he weekend , I noticd ta te were different ; they hd dferent skaes , and different methods of saing , they sd on edges n skated on e pk bnches .
I relize that this is what I s ookng fr ; a new additional excitement to add to skaig .
I ad to wait o two mnths to buy a new pair of sktes , but this tm it was aggressive skates .
When I stated agessive skating , I had to learn hw to aance my weight using heavy two - whel inline skae .
This kind of skating taught me how to ake rik and n to be afraid .
After a while , the grop expanded , d we used to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for great edes a rais to lide on .
In addition , we made ur on skate rai , and we ed oe help from my frien 's brother , who is in fc an Engineer .
Once , on a weeked , it was my last year in middle school , I ws at t par practicin as usual .
I found three people skating , a ain , a new kind of skates , and new mthod .
Ther moves were so smooth ; it was more like a ballet .
I a impressed .
I introdced melf , and as I ought , he were visiting from a dffrent cty .
We discussed difrent topic , t mainy satng .
Th mor we got dep into conversation , te more I want to learn this type of skaig .
It turned out tht he were weain roller hockey skates . "
Tese skates ae light , smoth , a perfect r freestyle slalom saing .
" O of them sid .
h ord " freestyle " and " slalom " caught my attention .
They showed me hat slalom skating wa .
They sarted to p mll ons in a line with a i of pace in between .
They plye some msc a started to skate with t hyhm . I a surprised , I a mied feelings , and it was indescribable .
I kep staring at the it a wide open mouth n eyes .
The utterfl eelin in my stomach tarted to appear .
I knw at tht momen that I wanted to hang my style of skating .
An , as the skars suggested , I boht a pair of hockey skates .
I did no hav the abilit to orde he cones onlin back then , so , I went to IKEA , ad boug small colore cups and sd them as coes .
I went to the me park .
Afe a coupl of hou of trying to get sd to my new skates , I pu the cs on .
I opend some tutoril vide on YouTube ad stted to practise .
In a shr ie , I bcame so good , an some of my riens changed ro aggressive to slalom skating just by seeing me prcticig .
My guess is the had the same reaction I h wen I saw the three skatrs .
r me , skting is nt jst a spt .
After almost 3 ears of practicing to do tricks , to create a prfect match between my moves n the rythm of the song I am playing , and to try to rac perection , I elized that salom skating is mr ke a performing art than a port .
A freestyle skater wo c make a perfect combo of tricks tht matches t rhythm is an artist .
Whe I stopped lookig for enthusiasm , n , and exctement and staed tryin to fufill my heart , brain , and bod 's esire by skatin , I ne for sure skating is not just a sot or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyle .
Abot one ar ago , I moved to Phladlphia , United Sate .
nike in my count , Philadelphia is always riny , w , and sloppy .
This eater s an obstacle . It s iposible to skat in these cnitions .
oever , I was not gig to ge up on skting tt easily .
I hd to find something to keep me oing , to flfil t misig part in me .
A fried suggested gving c sktin a sot , and for me , everytin is worth trying just to be able to skate again .
I went to an i ri , I rened hoky skates , d I started to skate .
I did not imagine tt it wuld be that similar to oler skaing .
Wha I learned in 10 years , I had he ability to learn on ce in e moh .
It was ust a matter of blace .
Today , Afr 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes at my life would be ithot skatin . I believe that skating is a hge part of me , Mohammed , a I am pstive that if is part was missing , my pat in li wuld have changed d I would nver be he same perso I am o .
Sinaore could be the pae wre you will fin evything y are looking fo .
This pla is a h where east and es meet , it is oe of the bigst d busiest ports in t world .
Shopping is vry poulr ang touiss .
The most well - kon shoppin entre is called Marina Bay Sans mall , locted in he south part of the island .
If you are lookig r any lxury brnds ad an extrvagant soppin experience , this is the rig place .
Vivo city in arbourfrnt nd hpping street on Orcad ad ar gd if you want to y anyhing from mid - range to high - end goods .
Bth places are extremely crowded with people on t weekend , so unless you enjoy people wating , early - bird shopping is highly recomened .
Hj Lane in Bugis a lo of ocal boutiques where you can find uniqu pieces by designers fro sia .
Graffiti on he was an sll alleyways eate a punky ambience .
Tis ple is also famous r go cofe sops .
Lastl , there are sports edicated mals , which e Velocity in Novna , Kallang mall an Quensway al .
A variety of seections fom different brands are availabl .
Icbreakrs
I was surprised whe I relized I as aling o muc .
I 'm usull not good at talkig or any soil hins .
Whenever I tak ih smeone I meet o h frst time , I often make us fall into akard ilnces .
u with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm the one h often breaks t ic .
ecaue I want him to ak .
I love to listen to him alkig - I lv s voice .
I try to recall he jokes I 've read in books or on Facebok or bog ad tell him .
I le his laughe , h smile , his chuckle .
I ca n't bar even a eond of our awkward silene .
However , we we sit in silence , I lo to stare at him , reading hi face .
Is he eling bored ?
Is smthing on his mind ?
I know it .
He 's friedly .
He always smie hn he 's taling .
I once ol a friend , " u know ?
He 's very friendly .
He cn make fiends easily .
Evn if yu eet him for h first time , hs sile cn me u feel comfortabl . " My friend replied , " Y , I a feel comfortable aoun him .
We may become friends in seconds .
B I ubt I a read his face ke you do . "
I always wan to be ith him , talking , laughin , smiling or impy sitting in ilenc reading his face .
I 'm t nd of person o ue to think ha every hour had a purpose , who h no time to ste , not en a sigle hour .
I aways had things to do .
But we I 'm wh h , they beco secondary .
He is the most important hig to me .
I am hpp wn I am with im .
I do n't ant to do anything else .
Just being wt him is enough .
Please , l me folw my heart , at leas f he frst tme in my life .
Advrtiing is a frm of commuication ta is usd to influence and persuade consumers to uy products , servces , dea .
Advrtsing is most comony aie at the manipulation of consurs ' behavio in a commercial aspt .
But at te same ime , advertisg h may fetres in commo wth ar .
Firstly , art is the exprssion of human rative skill d imaginain , typically in a visual orm .
nd advertising is a combination of sounds , iges nd wrds .
ke t , it is innded to evoke motions nd feelings .
To be sucesful , adertising often ses images from popula movies , cahy melodies , uusua grahc elemnts a fragmets of famous painting .
Oten , people ho re watching a commercial , do not remembr wt etails or eements of other viul at types they hae en before .
Therefore , advertisig sucessfully combines othe types of art to influence te subconscious and human bhavor .
Secondly , art , le advertising , is uch a large part of our everyday ies .
Someone designed a te thngs around us : a chair , shoe , cotes .
It is at .
Art is soething that is bt fnctional and aesthetically pleasing to peopl 's yes .
Hoading and billboards , which r a part of the urban landscap , e art .
Visu adertisig like painting , uses colr , value , spe and line .
These ae elemns of art .
lso , it uses balance , contrast , emphasis a proporin .
Tes e princpls of design .
Laty , adveriing , li art , originad a on time go .
Commrcial advertising can be traced as fa back as Aient Greec .
There were posrs for etertaiment , smll ads f businesses , merchants used own crers , paying for vnts .
ih th deveopmen of mas media , television and ntrnet adverisng s becme the srongest form of cmmuniction .
No , advetising is a i par of oern cultre .
Advertising shares similarities wth at n often combines other type of a to be mo successful .
Advertising is cretive combinations of sounds , iges an words .
odrn technologies d e development of ms media , hae allwe advertising to becme te greatest r of the 20th century .
Michael got out of bed on e rong sid that day or , at least , that 's what he thugh whe , on hi way to work , he as so concentrated on ooking do at his mobile phone tat he did n't see a woman approaching im and they both collided .
e as around ifty years old n rthr unattractive although smartly resed .
She did n't se Michael coming eihr cause she d just come out of a Starbuck 's cffee shop right at he oner and s uting he purse back into her massive anbag .
In hr left hand tere was a lag steaming up of ofee that anded on Michal 's ne shir when he bumped into er .
One second lat , Mchae was covere in cffee , burnt n sicky d is mobile phone sren was winking until it finally turned o with a dyig flash .
Mchael then remembred how he h overslet that mrning , how he d n't hv ime to have brakfast , how he d n't ae n clen hir ready ad d to ear h new one that he s keeping fo a pecia occasion and he amed tt woma for it al .
He screamed , shotd , waved his hands in the ir , swore n insulted tat ranger nti s ag fade awa .
An hen he rushd awa tryn no to be te for work .
A couple of hours late , aeady in s ffie , he receivd a call .
he ew human resource manager ad arrived ad wted to ee evry worker in the ompan personay .
It was his tu o .
He jumped off his hair , walked dw e cridor and stopped in frot of the HR Manage 's office .
He knocked at the oo and when he pned it , he s , sitting there , t am o lady he ha ursed a e hours earlier in the street .
Michae closed te door n knew at hat momnt he had ad a mistake .
My article is about a cls play .
In this artic a eacher reflecs on his exeiences of reatin plays and sig them to help motivate suents to develop their English .
It consists of eight art : Introduction ; w to tat ; Writing t play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The b ngh ; Reason for uttin on a play and A few fial thoghts .
The utho sas that e pros r outwgh the ons d that is the main ida of te article .
The rst ting you need to strt wt is a dadlin to get everything done by .
Writing e play : irst , you n ask learnes to invn profiles and to ll u about thir chracters ; second , learnes c ite the basic outline of he lay or you can adapt a familia sor .
en yu should take a decision aou cosing ole : sart by asking for volnteers , and always ensure tha everyone in th class has a ol or omething to do .
Studens must learn thir lines by heart .
he mot effective way is to practise every lesson o ten minutes at the beginning and end .
You cn ive them the la with gaps to red throuh d final get hm to prform a number of time without a scrip .
Some learners will no want a speaking part . u culd even k them to be promoters .
Reasons f puting on a play : learners wil learn whle chnk of nguage in a clear context d hy will lar ot only their pts .
It gives learnes te oportunit to demonstrate ther different skls in t lnguage classroom .
Also , hey cn see w much language ey n produce .
In a worl of inceasng environmental awareness , improved public transport represents the way of h future .
Athough eople do eoy the convenien a privacy of travelling in thir o pivate vehicles , in my opion , they mgh choose public tranport if it ulfiled certain conditions .
These condtions fall into three broad caegries : attitudinal , financial a logistical .
Fro an attitudina perspctive , peple must first be convined of te benefits of public transportatin .
An educationl or pulic relatins campagn must be launched to sensitize hoe h migt have disregarded this possiility before .
Peole should be amiliarized th h environmental , social a persoal benefits for pesent n utre eneration .
This is ne sep .
Fom a financial perpective , pblic transportation mt be a clear and viable benefit to consumers .
In other words , it mut be re affordable han dving to work every day .
o exampl , if people know th by using bues and suay , thy can save enouh mney to take a re holidy each year , many mr indivduals would be ersuaded to tvel in ths a .
This is anote critical step .
From a logstial perspective , public tranortation should be covenient for commuters .
City plannrs ad transport ficials must ensure tht frquent nd relabl public tranportaion is available for ach citze .
o people to mk th habi of travellin by bus or subway , ey must know th hey wi be able to ge to various places on time .
Tranpor vehicles mst be wll maintaind , subway an us drivers soud be customer - iented a service mt be puncul d efficient .
is is an additional imortant tep .
In conclusion , though a ulti - prnged appach , it is ossible to inrase th se of public transortation .
City officials n politicians a lad e wa by utilizing tee forms of tansport themselves and inging about hane though personal example .
Then , moe citizens wil follow su d we may ll pe to ive in a cleaner , lss polluted environment .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to povid you wi oe bakgrund nfomation so u can bette udge my scholarship r the MA in Business Administratio ( s attache form and résé ) .
Rerding my academic exerience , I am urretly completing my degee in rmary Teaching a Psychology at he Uivrsity of Valencia , Sain , whre my curent peciality is misbehavioral children .
So a , I ave rceivd excellen grade in l subects , ad I am on course to graduate th distinction at h nd of e semete .
Enclos you will in photocopies of all rlevant certiicates .
I believe my greatest stengths le in my abilty to wrk well an an apitde for taking on whatever challenges come my w .
For thes reasns , I strongy belee I am be to take on the demands of a full - time jb in yr fcilites .
My future career in techng woul be greatl enhnced by earning a degree at our unvesity .
Shud my applicatio be successful , I am avalable for intriew henever it is convnient .
If ou rquire any frthe details or refrences , please do no hesitt to cntact me .
I look frard to hering from you .
urs faithfully ,
Imma Díaz .
My avrite srt is cyclig .
I enjo this sport because it allows yu to take cae of yo halh by usg almost all your muscle wil you can alo njo h sceney and vii e places o come arss .
Like ever sport , it is also a oo way to meet pple and make om ew friends .
You n ide at you on pe and go inresingly far .
It makes you ee he road nd your environment differentl .
Furthermore , it is btter for h planet to ride a bk istead of driving a car because ycling de n't produce any plltion .
When you start riding a bicycle , you first nd to check if your bike complis with the safety regultion .
o insance , yu ne god baks , liht , a bl and refletive stipes on your wheels or reflectors .
o also need to know soe basic uls sch as putting out your ar to indicte wen y turn and , of crse , u need to know e highway code .
A lt of people are afrad to ri a bik in cities because thy ar the massive presence of car d hin te will be crushed .
Indeed , se places sill need to imprv the structures for bikes : sometimes hey do n't have a lot of yle pats .
Bu if you lar how to otrue in the traffic while remaining polite wi others , tee is no eason to be frid .
Let 's get on ur bike ad dscover e places !
ear au ,
How ae things ? I got your message last week .
Unfortunaely , I dd n't have time to answer .
I w studyng a lot nd o I 've got some das to rest .
Yu wrote that yo ar interested to kow something about te concert I hepe organize .
It as a gret experience .
First of al , I met a lot of peole fr l over the orld . I ee in touch with th all t tme .
During h concert , I was responsibl fo checkg ticet .
I was working with t people d we ad to hck two housad tickets !
After the concert we had to clear the concert area as here was a lo of mess arod !
We wee cleaning for ovr 8 hous !
On top of hat , eah of us got two tickets r te next concert of the bad .
It was fantastic to tak part in that nterprise .
Take care , hp to her fro you soon
Kinga
I as ane in my bedroom and a ung oo looking woman entere the om .
She siftl cae to my d and gave me a letter .
It looked quite siml , I hd no idea o could hav sen me tha lete .
When e wman left , I opned it egerly and when I read the first sentce my heart stopped .
It a fm the most dangerous and terrifying gang in he vilag .
It said hat I was ow oe of thm .
I met those bys t nt Fiday and the told me th I had to ass th initiation test .
I fet etremly neous , I was about to commit a rime n my heart s beatig uncontrollably , reay fast .
I wnt nto e tiny sh n the shopkepr ooked hough me .
" Hi " , he goaned drumming i fingers .
" Do you ave e - creams ? " I aske nervously .
Th shopkeee nodded ad inted at a grey fridge at the d of the shop .
" Tan you " , I mumbled , and en straight to the fridge .
My han ere sweating an the ther boys we iting outie , ecsttic .
A second later , a cild nteed the shp n beg to mve around quickly .
He was quite small , about even years old and he was beaming , smiling om ear to ear .
I tougt it was the erfec moment n , at th speed of igt , I ut a whole o of sweets into my ld g .
Silence .
I walked forwards and stared at he sokeeper .
I a going to leave , hn th bittr and lo voie of h man surprised me .
" Hey little boy , hat e you doing ?
He yelle angrily .
My heart nearly stopped beating . I tued d noticed tat the man was not speaking to me , but to the child .
" I do n't know " , he answered , conused .
" Whe a the swet box gone itle thif ?
He raed a crossd hs arms .
" I hae not ten anything et " , t boy whimpered .
" ear me ! H a ou be so cheeky ? " he uttered dsmissvely , tapping his feet .
The oy began to ry .
After atchig tis , I returnd to my houe hoping the a would frgive he cild .
Feing horrily guilty , I ell asleep .
That a the irst rme I committed an here I am n , in ai .
A day at te aces .
This text leads us int the ( for me unknwn ) wold of hors acig .
In a few sentences , we n get an idea of what it is .
A we ca find ifferent reasons to be interested in his typ of event .
I think that horse races r a fun entertainent if you like one of thes the tings : anmals , etting an fashin .
If u like animals , u 'll enjoy seeig those beautiful orses runnin and mping as fast as they can .
If u like to bet and u 're nt usd to oin it at horse races , ayb ou 're lookig forward to trying to bet on th nose or each way ?
And if u love fashion nd you have he chance to go to Ascot , yu my rn ito the Qeen and greet r , ad at th se ie ejoy the abulous sih of all tho extrvgant hats h ladie ar .
Menwhil , you can have a go time dinking se bubbly .
But yo can aso have a " horrible " day at th rce : if ou 're not savvy enough to know e iferences between te bets , o can end up skint , penness .
And of cour , if y 're not an it - irl , yo cn spend a ot of money an choose e wrn res to atten Ascot and perhaps yo 'll have to watch the aces fro bhind a curtain .
nyway , if you knew beforehand yor odds of winin , it wuld n't be so thrillng .
at 's t ison d'être of horse racing : lose or i money .
Ad if you wan to admire th wonderful word of hats , you 'd better uy some magazine here y 'll nd ll the htos for just 2 € .
ello ,
thaks o the letter which has just arrived . I 've red that you 're writing a term pape on te chces of devlopin countris to roit fr the electronic revolution , are n't yo ?
I think I 've so useful iformatin for u .
Because two da a I red an article by Nadine Bös aout ths opic .
e article ws about t possiblit to ansfer moy with mobl phones in developing countries .
First , y should know tht te tehnical tm for this is " mobile banig " .
Today it is a fact that there is a trgt rup r moie banking : eople who e livin in rote areas of te world .
On the one hand , there are hardly ay bnks in ese eions , so hy do n't hav aces to ank services .
B on te other hand , the number of moile phnes has rsen .
So now he mot important factor is that obile neworks are reachig e remtest aeas in the orld .
Through his , my people wold ve access to moile nking and , in addition to that , it ake money available so it ca be ue in shops .
Acoding to Hannah Dideck t largest potental is that migants can use obile banking to sn money me .
I hope I hve helpe y wih tis nformatin .
Write bac son and let me know o it oes .
Best wishes
Alexandra
For tdy 's teenagers it is hard to imagin life bore mobil hone althoh it i exist nl so decad g .
e technical invention have hd su a deep impact on o daily ie as tis itle ting .
Hoevr , tee are various advantage nd disdvantges to a mobile hoe and everyone has to ecide for h- or hesel in which wy to s this meium .
First of l , the mobile poe is a great y to " stay cnncted " all e tme . htting with your fiens , styin informed of the latest news , ordering onlne , c - ou ca do all these thig simultaneosy , wherver and whenever yo nt .
This aspect has also enabled employees to become homeworkers as tey no longe need to be present in an office to get a job done .
Furthermore , mobile phons allow ast - minute - changes ry eily .
No ed to make a fixd appointment with a frind in advance , as yu can lways ree to cal each oer one everyon is on the way .
Howver , he bgges trengh of the mobile hone is al e biggest risk , in my pinio : being connected a the tm creates a lot of stress for people , as you a always ailable r everone .
Therefore , you do n't have an tim to relax , wich is essenta , ev fr your leisur commitments .
he sae is vaid for business life : if employees are avalable all the time , hy ke the worries of the daily uiness with them to their home , whh means a lot of trss .
Last but not least , the mobile hon enables woried arent or sspicious prtner to rac t child or he loved e nearly prmanently .
This can be se as loving orry abut someoe but lo as a sig of distrust .
Finally , the mobe hone offes both disadvantages and advantages in daily ife .
However , I persnaly think tha it huld o be regarded o critically u ould onl be haned responsbly , ccording to one 's personal needs .
I recenty saw a ilm called Pasenger .
It 's about 200 people tha an to go to a nw plnet to start a ew life and their ri w ging to take approxiately 10 years .
Before the trip sated , the company who decided to ake his trip said ta everything w perfectly calculated so that it a imposible to have n nd of roblem with the spacecraft .
t he were ron .
The first 30 yea all was going well , bu suddenly something b happend .
One of the cabins brke down and the peson wo was inside it woke up .
Ts guy was called Mark nd he ws an eginee .
nc he ralied tht he w te only person awake he kw somethg was wrong .
He was going to be alone o e next 90 year .
He could n't continue lik that so he hacked oe of te bins of a wan hat he lve .
Te first 2 ears , all was perfect until da mber 734 .
She dicovered that she did n't hav any problem th he cain , it as Mark ho haced it .
After that , ty ever pke again .
It does not see ike years have passe ince I ist met her , but it was som tme ago indeed .
It w uc a hot mmer that it was ipossible to turn f th ventilator an I s a ored hil with a lato . I d signed in on t social network , Tuenti , and I liked passing all t time chatting .
O day , a girl caled Iene talked to me .
She tod me tha she ws ored as wll and tha she also had o brothers .
She was a ver riedly person and so we re chatting every day .
lthoug we were in the sme school , we had n't tlke before .
It was nealy August whn we decided to meet .
I ws really xcted .
ren was taller than me , brown - eyed nd dark - ared .
Sh piked me up an took me to he house .
And what a beautiful house it wa !
Sh a a swimming ol , a litle garden n a ovely bunny called " Suki " .
We stayed there all he afternoon , taling and lahing like we had en friends for ages .
I knew it was the beinnin of a great friedhip .
at ne meeting made it a d I will never orget .
Louis ws convinced that this new project woud be an incredible oppornity for h to try nw things and study different iels , which he ejoed . He loved to ad abou science , nventions , and keep up - to - date with the news .
But he immediaey thought - why not cotine doing wt I ve whie I do something new ?
Tha 's xatly wat he ben to do .
He sent an e - ail to th tr ompany explaining hs sitation and sden interest in is proec .
The company immediately replied telling hm tt the were sorry that they did n't repl das ealier , but te coul n't , sne the yste crahed a did n't allow hm to sen electronic mail , just to receive it .
They sid that it was alright if he was interested in oher proecs , ut he sil needed to give the sam workg performnce .
Te asked him bot this project and what hs ia as .
Louis tod them that it was relte to an instrument to explore new places .
He id trust h company , ut not enouh for them to know everyting he though .
The copny told Louis that he did n't want to bother hm , bt tat tey ee interstd in investing in this nd of prject , because it was relaed to the purose of e ompany : exlorig .
But Loi knew that the invntion needd to have a great design that implemented portability , tht is wy he nedd to refine hi ideas f this project to be ued in a large number of useful ay .
Te company told Louis that they wantd to invest in this rojct nd elp Luis .
Later that same day , Lois wet cave diving in the mainland .
He wanted to conque as mc territory don th sea levl as he culd .
He hught that it a a great way to relax and think aout things .
He ved he idea of descending to th bottm of e a wre h ideas would n't be tke away or heard .
While he was exploin he bottom of the sea , he ied to grab a roc , but jut whn he tuched it , it sattered io dut , whic vanished in th bu quantity of watr around h . That w when he knew the nex portant ing that the inventin need to have : resistance .
There 's a lot of pressr in e deep arts of the sa ad what happened to h ro was h cer roo of it .
Alhough it ao needed to be flexible , it need to be tough .
It eeded to be this way .
If t , the consumers of this product would nd up buried .
Introdutio
he purse of this reprt is to outie actions tan by the authoritis of Mińsk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preervin te environment .
What happens to the rubbih ?
The local government of Mińsk Mazowiecki a recently implemented ne laws whic oncern rubbish segregation .
It is obligaory fo he inhabitats to put their differen types of garbg int separate bi .
Although itiens usually obey those rules , in some cases , te r completely negleted .
Howeer , peopl wh have bigger houses end to compost th organic wae d that makes up for the disobedience .
e situation th household litte loks ch better th what hppens on te streets of he city .
Waste is thrwn on the goun d very few eole re concerned abut ths rblem .
wn 's actions
As not l inhabitants are sensitive but the environment , it is th local government 's reponsibility to decrase the harmfl effects of people 's ations .
Authorities make se that rubbish is ar pacd at short distaces apar since this is the most commo rason why peopl throw itter on te grund .
There r many workrs employed so ht the waste is icke up .
Not only do it give eope a job , but it also has a gd impact on e town 's apperance .
Oe of the mt challenging issues in modrn ities is transprtatin .
Cites have be planned to atisfy pole 's eeds to travel al aound the city .
o we can observe pole moving around th ci sin bies , unrground , public trasport , d cars .
Alhoug thr are may peope who sugest tt puic transport is no longer a suitale opton bcuse cars are considered a or convenient optio o transport , there e more benfits using public tansport tn traelling by ar , uh as reduction of traffic , saving money , d decrasing pollutin .
Firstly , a car c arry ly 5 pole at a time .
A b or an undergrnd train can car ro 30 to 100 people at a tim .
When reering to cars , we can considerably reduce he nuber of vehicles on te streets if we e public transport .
The es we us cars , h less traffic we will s in the roads .
Secndly , having a car means different coss ave to be aforded .
or eample , cars require petl to function .
If a person onstantly uses his / hr ca , he / sh ll need to a fr mo petrol .
Equly importantly , a ca equires maintenance and it will be anthr expense hat the owner s to cover .
Finally , if every person drives his / hr own car , pollution will nsiderably increase , ffeting ai conditions .
I ws getting really bored .
I had to stand because we wee moving ose and had just od lmot al of our urnitre on OL .
Th floor wa ve dirty a I could not ee go out bease all he pole who wanted to b or furniture were staning nea our door .
My ther sa that it wud be rude to go out at that time .
I as so annoyed that I closed my yes d wished for a chair ...
Whn I opened my es , I w a beautil chir th orange and ren strpes .
It had four red wooden legs nd it ooked vy comfortable ieed .
I immeiaely sat don nd egan to feel rlaxed .
Suddeny , the chair jerked up n nt straight t of the ndow wile I a still sittng on it .
It wervd , beautifully avoidin a tre , an anded on the ground as sotly as a buttrfly .
Then I realized that the cir had wheels alon ith a ' nitro & teleport ' buton on the armret .
I miht have resse the nitro btton by mistake hn I sat do .
I presd teleport and said , " otanical garden " .
It actally took me there !
I had a rea tie taking a stroll here whil peole watch me th their eyebrows aised .
I ated to explr moe aot the car but I kew tt I ould go ho by the .
So I prssd teleport and sa , " Hme " .
That 's were it tk me .
As soon as I reched ther the chair disappeare and I landed on he floor wit a hup !
My mother came and said , " Get up !
The loor is so dirt " and h nt .
I gues it is back to nral now so I il av to g up again .
I aned aganst the wa and thought about my adventure .
Today we ha a class discussion about taking one year ff between leaving school and startin uniersity .
Dfferent houghts ae up , t my personal opinon is tha it could be a wnerful thng .
Taking a year off mgt he people wo ar uncertain about wat to do next to mke up their minds while rying new things n having new experiences that wl be useul later in their livs .
It ould certainy be ounterproductive and a wate of time if the tm is spent doi nothig and ust passing t ie as if it wee a ong aation , bt if it is used to hae n xperiences , a ear off can change te future of a person .
It can be a ret ppotunity to tave , mee new culturs a pple , or it can be a ance to wor to sve up oney to be able to affo e cost of t unversity a pson planned on attending .
Or maybe , ring he year off , omebod could aso decid that tey do n't at to cntiue hei studies , because tey av already found ht te an to do or be .
Personally , I old ove to ak one year off , and I hin I would spend it travelling round Europe .
Sales promotion , which is the set of marktin actiitie ndertakn to boost sales of a product or ervice , has bcoe a vitl tl f mrketig an its importance a ee increasing sigificanly oer e yers .
In spie of some controersie , sales pomotion ha alead demonstrated a massive positive mpact on ot sellers and buyers .
The i of his presentation wil be to analyse th im nd aproaches of ale promotion as wl as to evaluate bo th beefits and he drawbacs sales promotion provide .
For this purpe , the presenatio wl be dividd io four sections .
Th fst sectin wll sow he deintion of sal promotion as an intrductin .
T econ part will prvie the aim of sales promotion as wel as he analysis of some ke sales promotion tecniques in tail .
Te he presentatin will focus on a specifi case study------the utilization of Flybuys oylty rerd prorm .
Finally , the will be an evaluation of ts advataes an disadvantages as ell as he resen situation .
Dear ir or Maam ,
I am witing in order to aply for he position of volunteer in a ummer ca in the US as written in e advetisement .
I am currently takng exms r my nlish gree at th Ukaine National Uniersty .
ls , I am able to work with childrn as I used to be a tutr in a sports summer amp .
Wt is more , I am uite good at sports , esecially at football , baketball and tennis .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic n hardworking person .
he say ta I am able to work under pressure .
I am encsing my CV .
I wul be gteful if you could tell me wt sports and eveig actities I would have to organise .
In addton , could you tell me ha jb in t kichns I should do ?
Please be informed that I am available for an iterview at yu conveniee , so do t hesitate to contact me .
I am looig forward to hering from you .
Yous faithfully ,
aniel Q.
ar eader ;
My nm is Ivan Lgo , I 'm 19 years old and I was born at V d'Isre , Itl , but last yer I oved to Barcelna , in Spain .
I 'm the oest of 4 sons .
I 'm studying a degree in Biotechnology at IS , here in Baclona .
In my fee im I ke to meet with my riends , go kiing , lisn to ome usic a wth films and series .
is umme I would like to come to one of your amps in h U .
Wh should o contac me ?
I 'm a very xtrovered u , with eperienc taking care of cilren , as I 've been woking as a skiing trainer for 2 years no . This winter will be e tid .
I kn ow to tat children an ho to mak hem ve fun , sometig that would he me to organise activiies an events for tem .
I 'm also vry self - confident and independent , as I live alone , which has made me a vy oo cook .
All of tse abiliie make me thnk I 'm te perfect an or yo job .
Hope to hear from o oo ,
Ivan
Wth y new course , thee are certain expectatons n will have .
At te beginning of ti oure , as a firt year postgraduate student , I was ambitos to ceate a new mechanial product or at last rt of it at he en of this cose by plying knowledge ad skills ta a provide thughout the course .
Eght months woring in the industry as an ssistan mechanical design enginr gave me he vey basic cncept of mechanil design .
Before taking pat in is oure , my concept of mecanical design was bot applying either self knwledge or wokin as a part of a team to design mechanical poducts that are easy to manufacture , durable d fnancially relable .
My thoughts aut mechanica design matched soewat ith t infmation hat s provided in e first thr weeks .
By attening the firs hre lectures , I soo realze that my general concept of mechanic design is qute simple as my thoughts about mechanical desig are purely jst creating new product .
I recogned ht mechanicl desgn is t jus about creating mechanical products .
It c be seen in many spects , ranging frm producing a aintnance process , improng performance or a specifc part of e mechaical systm , to creating he whole ew product .
This is becuse , despite having experience in industria design , I never took pt in the design process rom he initia stge .
Theefore , my knowledge of mechanical esig is rathe imited .
eig lced in a project ta wrking r Sydney War on producing a maintenance exceent standard , I srted to read h cuse outline an lecture notes more carefully to find ou wer to srt ad hat I hould do to dliver a od ouome .
The irst thing I nticed was t importnc of clarifyig l te requiremnts wth the cliets .
This was demnstrated during te pject Introductions ssson as wel as e leure notes , client interve ta and clie feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
As soon as I met my rup , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using Enish to demonstrate the ideas ad attra h attention of her grou membes .
Howver , ths is as an pportunity to eet up n wor evr week with people or om Eglih is their first langug , to improve my ol communicaon skills a persuasion .
Because in order to elver a uccessful ndustr project , I not only have to make a good product , but also hav to be good at inroduing my idea nd persuading customers .
The fin considertin is the self - calibratin , which lso is a poin th I av never considered before in a design process .
This is suc an essenia actity that allows me to gauge my perfrmance , keep pce with the group nd o to be left behind .
To sum up , at th end of week hre , my expctations for tis cure e to be bl to apply my reflective thinkig in an furthe dsig press , to be ae to delie a persuasie chnical presenaton , a to be effetve in verbal cmmunication skills and presntatio skills .
Last but not last , I hope I can ear to wr effectively under any circumstances as a team emer or a team eader by te e of this course .
1 ) What e your educational qualifications ( ex .
Bachelor Degree in Marketing and Communication )
Rspons : My edcationa qualificaions ar Bachelor of Accounting , d I have a Mster 's degree in Business Admiistration ( MBA Executive ) .
2 ) How many years of experience do you ha in Accounting ?
Reponse : I 've been in audiing and accounting sine I fnishe my studies in colleg , more ha 13 years ago .
3 ) H man yas of experience do u have in Controllig / Fnane ?
Resons : From l my experience , I hae specifically more tn 2 years of exprienc as consolidation controller in a Spani multinatial comany and th rest of my exprienc as udito , shared between Venezuela and ain .
4 ) Do you have experienc in international business ?
ave o workd for internatioal compans ?
Response : Y , I ave experience in international business and I he worked or international companies , in oth ain n Veneuela .
5 ) How would u describe your English knowledge eve on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - bsic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : On a scale frm 1 to 5 , my Engsh lev is 4 .
6 ) How woul you describe yu Excel knledge level on a scal fom 1 to 5 ( 1 - bsc ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel evel is 4 .
7 ) What r ou salary expetations ?
Response : I am seeking a salary in te € 4000 range , plus enefis .
8) h are y interested in th position ?
Respne : I 've ead about how ths copany 's growth is on t ri and lso h invved it is in the reduction h of cost of energy a how to harness the power of modern energy as he wol ove fuher ino he 21st cetur .
I am interested in ths jo because I hoe to apl my experien in a positve a , which will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilities . I woul be proud to work for a comany with su a lng hstor of leadehip in the industry .
In today 's worl , du to te great comfort of cars , pblic tranport is likely to disappear .
Firstly , is it rue ht crs are h aster mde of transport .
Aftr a , thre are ay people who ca n't afford a a .
In adtion , h r is ne of the means mt usd , not only o its speed , bt also because he cost of plic transprt is icreasing ery ya .
From my oint of view , man people use cars owing to the awful qualy of some bss , trin …
We shou also consider the fat th , nowadays , life is so bus that we ca n't waste ou time taking public trnsport .
Hoever , ars can cae sm problems lk traffic jams and acidents at could be avoidd by using public tansport .
To concue , it seems to me that it is fn to use cas sometim , t if the qualit of pubic transpot was better , te aoun of pllutio n accidents would decrease .
In recnt ear , any egios of the wold have faced an issue with atr scaity that ay afect thi develoent , especially for hoe countries uffering fr povety .
Due to the nceasing poulaton of the world , countre are likely to need more fresh wter to irrgate rops to sisfy hei opulation .
Therefore , water scrciy may pose a theat to people 's livn standards .
This essay ill anlye the prolem of water scarty in Australia and recommend some viable sluions .
It ill examine rsponses including the recyclng of watr , t devlopment of technology for purifying ocean water n mutinationa sharing of water resources .
Reycling aste water is an effective mehod to sove h wat scrcty problem .
This is becase there is a huge levl of ter us in people 's daily lives , they just need to be collected to ilter wate arts .
However , the use of recycled water o daily routines is less ommn , because many eopl are repelled by h thought of ater tht cmes fom or oiles or drais .
For example , the recycled water ca be uilized to atr plats in a grdn , t if it is clear ough , reidets only need to heat it to wash dses or even drnk it .
Thus , stats hould mk it possible to urif waste wte to a satsfactory safet lel .
In addition , develping t latst technoogy in purifying oean water an be regadd as a iabe allevatin strategy .
As is well knon , about 70 per cnt of the earth 's surace is coeed by oan water , so evey region urrounde by ocean , ie Australia , mkes th mt of th ocea wter resurc to rlease the pressure of resh wate needs .
Although , governmets are lkey to face ecomic stress initilly , whih meas hey hae to inest mo money in upradin echnology instead of oer elds uc as ducation , infastructure and medial care , thi tategy old afect inhabitants ' physical health and promote hir stadar of living .
Sharing diferet atr esouces with neighbouring cuntries cn be anothe straeg whh can help to lleviate the problem of water scarcity .
Counris with abundat resources n giv assistance to nations wth wate scrcity .
In this ay , drougt rgions will obtain enough tme and tchnial aid to overcome water problms .
Although ver - shared ate resources could ed to violen and even interntional tsion , f cunries hve suffered these problems .
In coclusion , water shortge has presete a challenge to indvidual lives nd h glbal environment .
This essay s discussed three alleiation strategs with the potential to rsolve the prolem of wte scarciy , including the ue of recycled water d ocean water nd nternational ad .
hie these approaches are likel to ole h polem partially , they igt he a positive mpat on water shortage in the log erm .
YUR FAVOURITE SPRT !
o may no ve ever thoht aout it , but yo ///would///could///might/// be ale to jump from a plne if you wnted .
If you sk me why I enjy my faourite por so much , I wud n't hesitate to answer .
Skydiving is ret !
Frst of al , the best thing aout sydivig is te excitement and th us of adrenalin .
Aditionally , you imagi ut te moment efore te jup .
Whe u a sitting in the plane next to yur intrucor , wth you legs hanging nd our rm crosd … It mks an indescribable impesion on you .
Finally , yo e around 4000 mete high ad aftr 60 seonds of free fll at 00 km / hr , yor parachute is oened and you are flng bout 5 minutes ntil u lan on te ground .
As you a magine , there is soe advice tht you shuld follow if you want to take it up .
I 'm sur y will agree that it could be e of you bt experienes if you pay attentin to ur instructor ll e tie .
Ps , ou shld wear a sweate or jacket to avoi being col beaus you ae flyin in the sky , above the clouds .
nd obviousy , you sold n't be afraid of higts to njo skydiin uly .
I ca n't describe it , yu have to do it !
Nowadays we wtch h perection of actors al ove t world .
he range of techniques they us to strike the udiece is colossal .
Facial xpression is sid to be more important f film actors , wreas oy anguage and vie intonation are paid more atntion to in stage acting .
Besides , amer wr , pros and secial effects desrve to be called silver seen features , while stage acting rqures ctors to convey thr play through body movemnts d eneg .
It is evidnt th hose type of acting are diferent d he actors soud adapt to th conditions ty work in in on a or anthr .
Bu let 's take a closer lo at what performance pabilities th hae and might use wil acin .
he stage actor is are it props , costumes ad ight le e film acr .
e only preponderance of fim acti versus stage ctig is in caer / editing work nd spial effects .
u ths a jusified by the presence effect sta actors mht reder active in compaion to ilm acor .
So , I woud say hoe types of actig ar equal in terms of external factor .
Regarding cing techniques , tag actors do use their od lanage as ch as flm actors .
The only thng tht diffes is hat the fim tor has everal takes as opposd to th tage acr o a to lay perfectly at n dah .
d controlling your oice is also important fo lm acors , in spite of haig th support of audio operators , thy still ha to deal with the same problems as stage actors , tht is keeping your vocal expessions in compliane wth the acting , resote movig , communicate he emotions and feeligs of their character .
The y point is tt te whle range of techniqes makes thse acting performances perfet .
I wuld y , it does n't matte wether u are erforing on the stage or in frnt of he cara , you huld s your facial expresion , body language , intontion and timbre of oce as if ou 're actig yur ain character , embody all tir rais and fatures appropriately to t situation .
In other words , no mttr wha knd of performance it is , the ny thing tht mttes is sing ll yo abilies to moel yourself on yu eo , get the eel of their roe .
I liv in Mosow , the aital of the Russian Fedeatin .
hee ar different yes of public transport hat people e in mor cites in my conty , inludng Moscow : bus , ran , tam and mero .
Furthermore , people actively s prvat transprt such as car , motrbikes , scooters nd bicycles .
Tourists can encounter difficulies uch as a traffi jam .
Soeimes it is very difficult to oe om in the rush our bcuse of trafic jm .
Banning cars frm th centre of h cit solves a thes probes .
There are some disadanages to banning cars .
r exmple , it is difficult for some people , inclung the ge d invalids , to use ubic transport .
I uppose that banig cars fom the centrs wou be a i prolem or the .
This ia lso wul be unpopular because it lmis freedm of choice .
me people belie that cas should be bned from he entres of ll major cities b I am aainst this idea .
In my view , te st solion to all prolem uld be e limiting of private trasport in the ente , bt o absout banning .
Recently I read two atices , ey were caled ' predicting dyslexia - ee bfore children learn to read ( Zimmeran , 20 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervetion helps babies at high rsk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
However t first rtice a oe motvatig to read , becas h author substantited important suggestions .
l I can say abou he secon article is tht it has rarely proof of e intervention .
Fistly , the aricle ' prdictng dyslexia - even before chiren larn to ead ' sos new researc , in whic it 's possible to pick up some of th sigs of dyslexa in the rain even before kids lear how to rad .
In adtion , usng this identifcation may el paents , eduatrs n clinicians to tacke he learning disorder .
Most importantly , ts arl intervention a hlp any kids ith dyslexia to ovrcome the eucaional falre .
Secondly , he arile ' ' Innovative ' Intevention Helps Babies at igh Risk of Autism ' is ased on ido - therapy ich improve t interaction beteen parns and utim - elated babie in a way tha oul hep develo he children 's communication abilities n socil engagement .
In my opinion , the fndings ee to be replicated in larger tudies bfoe oter people trn to vido - baed therap as a poentil reatmen .
hat I can el from ths text is that the research is an innovtive idea , but needs more attenio to impoe thei success .
All in al , if you wa to read about effective reserch with vr srong prpsals , I recomend radin ' predictig dyslexia - even befo childre lern to re ' .
It had been a vy log an irig day , but om fl he ha achieved sething rell good .
Tom had joined a voluntering team at St. Michael 's Hospil ad ths ws his first y .
He a assigned to a tak in the rehabilitatio center .
He ould deal ith teporaril disabled people h cme fo a rehabilitaton sesio eer oter day .
Tom 's le w to conduct a focus grp once per week to explore the eope 's experience nd perception of their lless ad e service ien to them at t rehabilitation center .
The ultimate a was to get feedback or servce - improvement prposes .
Tom had prepare a set of questins to ak .
He started with a group of sx w signed a conent to participate in the focs group .
He hele them ater they finished their session a took tem to he meeing ro .
He thn introduced himsl and made a clear tatment abut the ojctive of the focus group d assured them that tir dntity ould not be reveale .
He started wih ome jokes so ht the wud feel at ease a disclose ther experience .
In h aferoon , he analyzed the contet and wrte a report ith ome recommendations for achieving atients ' stisfaction .
He et he hd done a geat j tryg to serve the disbled tients .
Brands - pa mor for beter quality ?
We l kno h situation , we we are in the upermarket standing in front of t roduct whi re t same , u ne of the cost much or than the other .
Here we have brandd products and no - ae roducs .
ow the question is , wheher it is really justified that raned poduct ar much more expensive ha no - name produts .
Most people assocte branded products automatically ih hihr quaity or bete taste , while they thnk no - me produc ae us cheap ad wihout n quality and oo taste .
In survys , it w asked if onsumers would rather buy branded roducts or no - nam prodcts .
Mst of th consumer said the would buy branded producs .
Wen the wer aked w , ty answer wih " becaue it tastes bettr " .
Afer tha , e onsumers dd a blid taste et .
The product ithou a brand tasted better to arly everybody .
As a result , we can s it is n always justified hat braded products are me expensive than other omparable ones .
Only t bnd and te go marketing mae it that xpensive , t better qality or better taste .
Te ffct of the media on people is cealy nticeabl here .
A produ wic everybody is taling about and whc is advertised a lo is automatically cosidered to be good .
It is lie " Everybody has it . I ned it too ! "
In soe case , it may be ue that branded poduct a better than no - names . or exmple technolog products , but products like Red ll or others like that , e definitely not alays better .
rand and goo qualty a n always the same .
Here it is said , y ad find out whih is rely t better e d do not tust advertiement .
My if a I ot a nasty surpris wh we we cheking in at Vigo airport yesteday with o baby Pedro .
We d o thre free plane tickets to Re in a cmptition , nd we h bee looking forward to our ip o mnhs .
ut , unfortunately , we had forgotten to et a passpr for ou sn , so Pedro col n't f .
Lckly , we a arrved ve ery for our flight , so we til hd me to do something abo it .
We ran to the olce station in e airport to apply o an eergency passor .
My wife went with Pedro to t photo machine while I was filling in the forms .
The passport was ready in an hour , so we hurried to te gt and o on the plae .
Hi !
Firt of all , I 'm really hapy you accepted my invation .
You do n't have to worry abou geting to my house , because it 's ealy simple , an I 'm helping you ae it even moe simple by pcking you up at e train stati in my on .
Yo 'll ned to tak e undegroud fom the airport to the cental train statn .
The ndergrond is in te airport a it 's ver es to g to because you just ave to follow the signs .
You hae to take te trais oing owars the cente of the ton and when yu e on te train , jump of at h stp cald " Stazine Centale " .
Onc you 're in e train saton , go to where they sell tickets and buy one or Vterbo .
Get he tain an jump off at e " Verbo " sto - I will be right utsde of e station waiting for you !
In this period it 's mosty sny and warm , t in the evenng it ges a little col an widy , so rng me jumpers or sweater ...
I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
See y soo !
To do t sa hng in the same plc , people houd do it in an orgaised manner .
Tt 's h I think that waitig in queues is essential in y pac .
Otherwise , th place would tur int a mess , especilly crowded pces .
It may em boring and tie wasting to wait in quues , t it is n't .
ctually , it is ti saving becuse eeryon evntualy doe what he wants without asting me pushing other pple .
In addition , employees do n't gt coused by rceivng several equests at t se time .
That saves tm because they receive each request only nc a in an orgnied manner .
Ao , that makes them do their job efficinty .
Aso , some pope oud ner do ha th want thout uues .
Ol pole and ohr weak peol wol n't be able to push and fight to et their rn .
That woul make te feel disabled .
Bin crowdd in front of the employee aks eople uncomfortble .
First , they ould n't hae privacy because tere wold be an people surrounding th one dalin with he emploee .
In addition , everyo woud fel rushed to fish wt he is doing .
In conclusion , pele will do hat they want smoothly and olitely if ty wait patiently in qeue .
Hell ,
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half Itain , hl Spanis , seventen - yar - old il with a realy cherful , energetic ad arworking personality .
I sw his advertiseent on a wbite and I instantly thugt it uld be a really gat experienc for me to imrove my English , but also a great way to sw how responsibl n cring I am .
I ov chlden and it would n't be nnoying fo me to te cae of a group of ittle monsters d rganze ports n ctivities fo em . Actually , I thn I would really enjoy it and my day woud e wt a tired smile , but a vry bright smile .
I 've never had any expeiene of ts kin eore , u I ave a brother three yers younr ha me and a little cousin who 's seven years d it whom I usally ay a o when I do n't have to stud .
Ad , ine it 's a summer ap n I do n't he homewrk to do , I woud u a of myself into is jo .
I 'm onstantl rainstoming to fn everythin that cou be challengng for me and I ually try to follow what my md brngs up , so I thin I could cme up wih nice ides for those chilen .
I strted cooking whe I w forteen years d , but I 'm btter at baking , so I could help by preparin sme eets o childrn .
Thy would obvouly be as halthy as posibl ad I wol be really carul about those children w hae llegies , and t to bak somethng that th can eat too .
I speak English que fluently ad I scored 95 points u of 100 at bh KET and PET .
English has also een my avorite language since I w a child . I strted tudying it at the age of three ith a raly nie teacher named elen and I he coinued imprvin my English by watching mericn moie ad TV shows during th pa fe years .
So , I ope to be a great candidate for this o and to e on ard with u .
Best regar
is year oud be my last yar ... on Gotlad :)
First , I strted a new job . It di not rn u he way I hoped unfortunately .
My colleagues are nice t th manageent are terrible a ecently I just stoed tlking to hm .
Perhaps it is not their fault ha this entire operation is so ysfunctional .
ybe thy a , lke myself , a bi in over their heads .
But the whl expience brought a sitive surprise : working at te same school as Nra os is atually pretty ice .
While we might tal but our jbs a it too much , I do n't think it is uncomfortable to wok id by side .
Anyow . I finally conecte with se peope .
I met som roleplayrs at Wscon and lo some ive rolplayers through Gk Network . Of these , h ive roleplay looks prmisig .
It is a steampnk sory nd I am supposed to be part of a secret socity that is tring to top an evil cut .
It will be awesome !
Latly , I hope next year will bring some stbility .
Wle I do not wish to coninue to wok d live ik thi , I am not sure I an to ove again .
Moving is alays upsetting an ther is a period of adjustmet that is very stressfu .
d a ne workplace is dficult to adus to ad there is no promise tat it wl be beter than te as .
B I ca n't imagine it ca be as bad or wos than my curent j .
A thing I ould is is the connections I statd forging wth other peole .
If I move again , I know it wil take anoher yar to get to know other eole at least .
Chances are tha I wo n't meet any other peple because Visby at let h a w neds hat yu an hoo up with .
I am o sure Vastervik h that kind of peole .
So in cclusion I woul like to say : the ftre is unknown .
May I not live in interesting times .
Micael had always en a good bo : responsible , qie , always on tm d alys the op of his lss .
B recently he ad started to hin at it was im to cange .
The sumer th ear had ee exceptionally ar , and Michael had fou himsl wodering if hre were beter ay to pnd it than preparing for his University entrance test .
T truth a tht he had n't rested since hs gaduaton day and he a starting to feel tie , ut he aso kne ha he cou n't afford to al .
He closed te wndow so as no to er the luhs a yells of his iends , playing soccer in he fid in front of s house : " I eer likd soccer , anway " he kept telling hmsel , t the more he tred , he harder it got to focus on his bo .
He felt lik a character in a caroon , th an angel on n shoulder and a deil on th other , giving i ppsite pics of avce , a exacly like such a haracter , he did n't now who to lsten to .
Suddenly , the doorbel rang , distracting him fom his inner strugls , a he hear h Mother opening the door .
" Michael " she called " your fiend Tom is here looking for yu , old you pleas come down ? "
He stood up , hesitating fo a f second , then glanced at i bo once gain and inall went o of his room and sai " Plse M , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
Micha closed e door an knew at tt moment he h ae a misake .
By a broad deinitin , teacers are the people who teac you .
F any ople , parts a teachr in our ife .
However , a paren the est teachrs in our ie ?
Some people might agree wit hs statement , u I do not .
I think e best teahe is a erson who s professional nwledge and good teaching skills .
In additio , e best teacers , by their techigs , ae h peple who we mos agree ih and apreciate .
May parets y ot sasfy all of these conditions .
Frs of all , fo any parents to have professina knowledge or god teaching skills is ver difficult .
Most parents hav pecial skils , but tes slls may not be suitbl for their children .
Copard with proessional teachers , they hav specic eachin abiltes .
If arent want to e tese ablities , ty ed to spend extra tie to learn he .
ost parent are not wlling to do so bcause of limed tme .
Good teaching skills are baed on patience , training and pason .
owever , nt ll parents have ha kind of personality a mt of tem are cofuse or u th wrong ways to teach their children .
Parets undoubtedly play an imotant rol in our if .
Hower , we y no be greay influenced by their teachigs , t by other ' teachings .
Becse everyone h their own talns , alue , ad jdgments , we learn more from tose with whm we agree an who we appreciate d gt significant influence fo .
hese people can be eeed as the bet teachers in u life , even if these eopl , perhaps , are n r prents .
Although parents tah a l of thigs in our lie , because they do n't have professional traing and we may not agre with em and learn re rom tem , I hnk parents ar nt the best teachers in ou ife .
PEPARNG T REVOLUTION IN FRNCE
If I could travel back in time , udoubtely I 'd chose to take pat in the French revolution .
The reason f my choic is simple and clear : te Fnch revolutin was e turning ont in modern European hitry and , thaks to its achievements , peole in the tent - fst cenuy can njo civil rigts such as freedm of speech , assembly , worshi and , the ms important n , feedm of thought .
It is difficult to thik out Paris wthou it Eifl toe ( it s uilt several yers after the revolution ) , b I 'm ue it w a gorgeous ct , as it is nowadays .
I iagin i streets crowdd wi workers and pasants at have been called to support the revolution .
They meet at minght to listen to the speeches of t leaders .
They rust in hem , d are wlling to fight for e fredom , fraternity a solidaiy thy proclaim .
I also imgine aristocras fleein aris at their arliet convenience , leaving all their expensive dresses d ipressie huses unattended .
Tey re frightened by t social movement , and prefer to ok r a afer shelte in the cuntryside .
But , if I cou be her , I would n't waste my me aking down t streets or laughing at th ridiculou aristocrats .
I 'd try to met the poor kig Louis te sixteenth and hi wife , Mari Antoinette .
I wld do my best to ae their impisonment le hr and , aove a , I 'd ry to convnce the Parliment not to sentence them to te dah penalty .
Because no revoluion is worth more than a human life .
To : Tsa3Ik.b0@hotil.co
Fr : 6kDtys40luEC8Q3@eb.de
Subject : Concert in London
Dear Mr ,
o e y ? I hope yu 're ding well .
Tnk u vry much agan for helping me get the tickets or the conct in Loon , ut unfortunately I ha bd news for you today .
I was so excte bou gng to Lndo n seeing you agai .
Bt only until yestday ! My professor told us hat or fial exam on this course would be on July 5t .
As u know , I 'm not he best stdet n I 've already failed thi exam twe , so thr is only on more chnc and I ave to take it thi semester .
Otherwise , I ill be taen off the niversity regiter .
To be honest , I got real d at him becuse I rely wanted to go to ondo nd I aso already got tikets for my fligt .
You do n't no ow embarrased I fee now , not only because you helped me to t the tickets ( and I can imagne w ificult it ut ae be ) , but also because o he already arranged vrything to ke my sa in ondo as comfortable a enjoyable as pssible .
Do u aye have a fiend wo you would like to go to te conrt with since we ca n't go together ?
I wold let ou ve the ticket so at est you hve t chnce to enjoy ht ent even if it is n't wt me .
I 'm sure it will be lots of u going hee !
Otherwise , I cold ll bot tickets and we ca have a look and see if we want to go to e same concert here in Germany .
The band is not so well known hee a the cket sale hsn't started et .
Sorry ain f l thoe circutances !
Bes shes ,
Clauia
I ave been provng my abilities by overcoming strog competition snce I chose this aeer as a lawye and researcer copling wt my passion r peruasion and problem solvi .
In 02 , I ws ankd 11h amongst 930 candidates copetng f 40 aces at h University Federal of Paaia .
Trougout my undergraute studies , my professional skls re recognized in interships at he Feder Court of aw and e ost famus fiscal law ffice in the tte .
During this prio , I was e intern coordintr and I created a manual on e procedurs employed by he ntire ort .
At t law office , I supervise the ISO 003 procedures .
On h other hand , in recognition of my ademic performance , I graduted wit a Bachelor of Law with Great Honors in 207 .
I s placed in the to 10 , it a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
My bachelo hess , founded in Economic Law , w unanimously awarded by the jry with the maxmum score of 10 .
This irt succes as a researcher contributed to my interest in lobal regulaton of trade , hat conduces me to this LLM and th international business transactions domin .
Since my aw hool gaduation , my achievements encouraged my professional dvelopment .
irt , upon grdution , I immditely joined a hihly recgnzed frm , perormig te double role of legal consultant d su - mangr when I was ony 22 years d .
In th same ea , I passed the strenuous railian r exm wth a remarkbe sco of 9 out of 10 .
Ater almst 2 yers workig in complex litigation , I had acquired he matuity to pursue an intnational career to wo on intnal n coss - border contacs .
Therefore , in ordr to acque he excellence demanded , I speialized in Economic Law on a master 's degree at the University Prs 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 009 .
Folowing my LLM gradtion ih ana cum lad in th top five , I enroled o a PhD in International Economi L at te Unierity Paris 9 Dauphi in 2010 .
Due to my interes in law and economics , I developed a mulidisciplinary research pojec applying ecoomic nalysis in contemplation of illstating the mutua influec of rules ad conmic transtions on the legal certainty of transtional transactions .
I pofoundly grasp the theoretical ascetainment for his career , which is that international trd requirs rainal economic decisions with egally binding conseunces .
Thereby , nw regulatory orces are created in resons to th globalized leg context .
In conclson , as an interational legal profesionl , I mst be pepared for aternative ehods of dispute resolution rearding cros - border transactions , iven the icreasin requirement to look beyond omestic law to fid approprite solutions .
Furthermore , I already prfoundy understand the importan of lingistics in h international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacer .
Henceforth , I aim to cosoldate my caee by mastering the legal responses to the developments shaping international trade today .
The L in International Business Regulation , Litigation ad Arbitration at ew York University is irrefutabl h postgraduate prgram that I ne to ensure te outcome desired .
Man has evolve ov e years , from the invention of the wel , to pace craft expeditios .
Ou species a achievd ret thgs , but despite all the rat discoveries , hre is stil one problem we have no been able to solve , a problem ta s en haning us snce tie immemorial : rism .
In he 19th century , slavery d en eraicated from meria , ut soon anther proble grew up d tok t pace .
e moie " The Color Prpe " dislays a variety of situations for Ao - American eopl o suffered becaus of teir ski olr . Ts is knon as rcism , which cn be defined as e pejudic or dscrimination of one ra ainst another .
In this period of time , te Caucasian rac felt superior to h Afro - Americans . Tey h he ower and th wr in hare of he polical an economic activity , wil the Afro- Amrican did h had work ; as son in the movie , most of the men wer in care of t rps .
Tey di not have a chance to eceive ny kind of education at all . It was absolutey forbiden , a that is wh he could nt aspire to more importan js .
Afro - mercans we ompletey segregated . Caucasians foun it possible to live among them , d that is th mai eason why ac rae had ther wn church nd thir ouses we separated too .
Afro - Americans wr afraid of raisi their ices to exprss their opositin to the oppression they were sfferig , and fighting to obai eqalty ws not an otion bcause ny sign of rbellin was ruely punisd .
Moreover , women in the Afro - American sciety were threatened in the mot dengrating wys ; n were e undisputed uthority in te huse .
Woen wer in carge of the household chores , som of hem could get a j as a serva of a Caucasian family .
It makes me fe sa to relize tha aism is sil a problem frm hich soety sufers . I wond , why do we hv the need to feel superir to otr peope ?
We a l equal in o 's eyes , and I beliee we all hav the same riht to live a paceful fe based on utul espect .
It had be a ng and rainy a . om had been working all y and ws very tie and ungry .
He decided to go and have dinnr at a resaurant hih as very near is office .
He p hs raincoat on , ook s umbrella and headd to the tret .
He alkd briskly to h retaurant , and tried to be as apy as he coud .
The restaurant ws amos full .
As usual , he cided to t at the ba and rer some fish nd chips .
The waiter , Anhny , knew him and thy taked to each other about how teir day had been , while he served him the usu beer .
Tom d a first drink d loked around e plac .
He uddely recognized someone , Molly .
Surprised , he thouht he hd n't seen hr o a lon time .
Tom a Molly ere classmates at secondary school .
he seemed to be aing a dink with a fend at h bar .
She s calling t waiter , a unexpecedy sw om siing at a table alone .
They both smied at each oter , and Tm went over to her to say hlo .
It s an exciting encountr , a they er both vey happy to see each oher again .
As they talked they came to realize th they had been working in offices hih were vey near for almos a ar .
They flt really happ together , an Molly asked Tom for a date .
It had been a er long and tirig ay , t To felt he had achieved something really good .
Plic transpot is more usful ad better than traveling by ar .
Many eople would disagree , but our future depends on plic transport .
First of l , our envirnment is plluted n if we ar determined to save it , we sold efinitely stop usng ars .
Since cars roduce exhaust fumes which slwl destroy our planet , we should sar using pbic ansport re ote .
Although there re many oter polluers , such as big industries , peple shuld start wih the easiest solutions .
Altouh many countries do not offer a oo public transort ervice , once eple g i of cr , there wil be mor moy f improvements .
For intance , Copenhagen n Vienna are go examples of hs .
It sems like ars a losing the batte in th case , beuse these cites propagate te idea that riding bcycls can la to a beter futr .
As me money is being invested in the inrastrucure , eopl en to us me bikes n public transport .
Unfortunately , not mn people re prepared to renounce all he advantages a a provides .
or example , it is clamed at it is more convenen to trve by car hn by bu bcause you c take breaks whenvr you want to d they are ore spacios .
Moreover , it is ater to tave by car tan by any oter publi traport - lnes are an excepton to this le .
In conclusion , I tink that public transport huld wi is battle .
It is a fight f a beter and healthe future .
The aforemetioned rpesentative examples of Vienna a Copenhagen rov w ey it an be to remove cs fr our lives , nd I believe tha more cies shoul fllow ther examples .
Dear colleague
Abut th tak that yo ked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't av enugh knwledg of LIMS yet .
I am just beginning to ndestand t way things e dn ee .
I nderstan hat h w programme has om specific equisite lated to peservtion of analysed ampes .
Nevertheles , a te inormtion that I send to you is ase on the information that my colleagus om t et chemistry laboratory d om th microbilog laboratory gae to me .
Of course , if you have y suggestions please tell me .
I ll pass them on to them ad we wil discuss them .
Suppose we hav a stock faiure resulting om an increaing demand for a particula nalysis .
Our international supplier wo n't be able to eiver the reagents or other goods on time .
B we have a oca supplier tt could do it .
a we negotit ih them ?
ha id of de cn we do with locl suppliers ?
I thik it is important to have a local supplier tat an help us in particular situations lke a stock failu .
Internationl suppliers te at lst a week to delir an orde .
Thank ou or this conversation .
See you in a few da .
It as a cold wnter iht and the moon as fhting th clous for freedom , uch ik ay of us fightig through our life and its obstacles .
Michael , however , md a living from i fghts . At a young age , Mchael w attacked and uged in te street , so he started taking mrtial arts lsson ls he be attacked again .
With his haking has he popped th o of pills he w holdig the hole time he was waling , alkng toward is hom , the ace he lwas fe at ease in . "
T hl wit it !
If t demolition ew mp in front of my place again toorow , I 'll js show them th om ...
" he said , takig a pill . "
But tn again , wat good is a usless piee of pper ? " he aicked , putting he x on t night stand . He i n't en undrsand th passig of time !
ll ws lost to dear Mike and he wandered t house axously .
Until he had cmed down enough to go fe s dog , i e best friend , he g he an s fiancee bought beore ey broke up .
The labrador relly took him ck to his engagement ...
Beore the eah of s dearest Mona .
He a dig wll , despite his sa ife .
He fed on h frozen lagna h mo had et him a few das erlir .
He eercised and went for short jog in eween workout .
Hi anety cght up with him evry n and the , ut the go doctor had prescrbed him a good emedy !
Los in is thougts an nware of hat as going on aron him , he eatd t latic b illd with letover food for Baxtr .
Suddenly , Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , he caled Bter ad took a a wh him upstirs .
Miael uhed to h bedroom with a ftal mitue of fear a adrenaline in his systm , on to e his o of pils on the ground and h sound of mufled b hea breathing coming rom behid the oo .
Michael closed the doo , saw i dog gaspin for air , and kne at tht mmet he had me a mistake .
It is well acepted that whn y become a faus prson o lose your privay .
t ds ths mean ta te hole of our lfe beome ublic ?
Whetr o like it or nt , rit from th beginning , al yo do becomes ttractve to the o : what o a , where you go , who you date , your possble mrriage , yur holidays , etc .
I agree with the fct that as on as tei life is nt private anmore , famous people have to fa journalists with a smile they do no hae .
I ean by this that , for sue , there e some ays on which these faos people are in a b of a mood , hy have to iit e doctor , or they have to sole misps wt lwyers , and hey have to put up ih those journalists folowing them to the dor or waitin for them stationed in front of hir oses .
In ese cases , journlits themselves should realize that they are taking it to ar a th they shoud respect them a bit mor .
e m shows changes that av taken place in the wn of Eastminster sice 1999 .
During th erid , the town has sen extesie growth in resiential areas and local amenities , ad t modernisation of esure facliies .
Parks in the north - ea nd outh - east hae been redued to make way for larger housing esttes , he n in the orth drmatcally ncreasing accmmodaton in Eastminister .
As we as woodland in he north - wst beng rmodeled into an adventure pr , a htel nd golf course hae replced a histoi house d gards in he centre of h tw .
Sut of t rvr , an indstrial area has been constructed xt to the exisin railway , while residental strets ae been converted ino me mder apartment block .
With increasing hosing ha me a bigge hosital and more soping facilitie , e existing shops ein built on the site of the o school , wh a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
Thanks fo sharing !
I really enjoyed eadin yu blog aot shadowing students .
I like the w yu ge examples of hw o elt and how you would change your wn lessns .
I live in the Netherlands and at ou chool it 's the sme .
Our upil have to si for many hor a d , and ey fid it hard to st sill and to be silen .
I aso thi that a leson went wel if they d n't talk and d their work .
Hoeer , wh I was reaing your arice I fl ashame du to he fc th wen every tecer teahe th a I do it is lgial at r stuents ca n't be quiet ad ca n't t without making a movement .
Moreover , when we as teachers hve a study day , I get tired msef from ittin all d .
Your y aeaway # 3 was shoking fr me , the feeling of beng a nuisance is readul .
In my opinion , I am very pient and willing to explain difficult topis over d over gai .
I really hpe my student feel the sam , otherwise I hav to chae my attitude ! I ge ai for eig a teaer ad ,
as I see it , it is my o to clarify thigs and help my ppil to understand .
Yur experince gave me foo or thought spcially when o wrote ta ur pupils ae sitting passively and lisenng for approximately 90 per cent of thei classes .
I am going to ook at my lessons gan to ee if I cn chage those lessons ad t to make my pupils active .
I teh at Basisberoes evl an I have lreay startd to ue some activities whee they must u an Ipa a make piures or short films .
For xampe , my puls had to lean the diference between his n hat d I let them make a short film abut pintin at tings in scoo ayig : this dor , at wind , tis is my teacher , tha is a chair .
However , I in it difficult to use activities evy leson because ty re time - consumin .
Although te main reaso tha pvents me frm using thm is my colleagues .
I do n't see them dng activities , it loks as if they are just dong their lssos d wnt to se a book n that is it .
Fr instance , hen I ar that another English teache finished Unit 5 and I am stll at nit 4 , I feel incompetent .
It gives me h feelig tht th mo imortant part of teaching is doi all the exercss in he ok and getting all the ork done .
Maybe yu unerstan th discepancy betwen activating pupils and te pressure of the shol board fo the best tst results .
In other wds , w a we convce chool boa and colleagues tat it is bter for puils to learn in an acte y ?
Maybe he only one e 'll ee hav .
She was aling around e city thinking about the jo h ut got .
Yes , she shuld accept th offr .
Everything s looking erfet and it was something she njoyd oig bfor te acient ok place .
r mom woud probably want e to start to le no mater wt .
he felt butterflies in he stomach .
Sh lowly sarted to sil .
The sa uic that w playing in he erhones mde e feel even more cnfident .
She passed ext to the bar where her boyriend as getting ig wth oe , unknown to her , boys .
She antd to stop h .
She really did .
But en something went wrn nd she just walked away .
As he did when she a hurt .
He made hr fl bd , so why would s t do the same ?
He dd n't realize that sh as going to leae him o er .
But it was okay .
He never deserved h .
Se was a good person and he was an ashole .
he oo the us and went to th offi .
Te direco s waiting f hr .
A she w eady .
Ready to work .
Ready to lie .
ihael ew he as fding away , ev consue by a feeling of apathy .
He hrdl knew o he was anymore .
The dak clouds in te ky , ull of life , semd to mock his weak desire to ive .
He could hear thunder suting with rge , a ag he wished he could ee aai .
He stard at an bjec on e beside table , t bjet tha could fre him fo ths hllis eistence .
Thinking aot it relieed him , mad him fel excitd bot te unknown , the unepeted , ayb al te quesins ever askd , mabe , finally , ey would be answee .
Col bliss be found in deat ?
Hd he seen it all ?
Was it the bt thin lie could ofer ?
Its w ed ?
A tr started running dow his face as he loked at the louds .
The door a wide opn , inviting hm to take h offer .
He lane over and grabbed h bjct .
He placed a hook ovr the dor , ted the object to it and , standin on a chair , put the obect around his ne .
He looked at the clod , they were stll grey , and thn for a momt , he saw a tiy fagmen of a rainb .
Mhael cloed the oo nd knew at that moment he had mae a mistke .
The membes of my family ae my bs riend
Fmily is ny group of peopl closely related by bood .
This is an asy rd to understan , but it hides ore than t defintion sa .
Behind th wod I see my brother , pares n grandparens and fe ver warm felings .
I think he os impotant things in te faily are oe and support .
All pople ed these things and the best givers r faily members because they gie unconditionally .
My amiy member all h im exress their warm feelings with hugs , kisses and beatiful wod .
Fo example , my parns hu me eery day .
My mother mes me breakfast eery morning an my bothe brins me cookies whe I am in a ba mood .
Tese small higs gve me a lot .
Als , ty ways support me , no matt what I do or think .
h second important hing is that I can always count on my family .
Odinary riens can often y " no " or let me down , but my family never does ta .
They are always ready to help me , ty never t me down .
he third ver importat thig is trust .
My famly nows most of my serts , tey know my wories and joys , ey kno what I think about hing .
And I like to trst my toughts a secrets to them , becus I know tht my fmily is loyal to me , and thei mouths r cloed .
To m up , I cn y that the ebers of my family r my est fried .
The fulfill ll the functins at my fiens hav , n tey fulfill them en bettr .
Nowadays , ur environment is relly ffcted by te grea deal of progress th technology ha mad in te la entury .
As a esult , so sources of energy lie nclear poe are ued in our daiy life .
But , is nuclear power good o us ?
Let 's bgn by considering the arguments in favour .
Huge mouts of eergy r genrate by nuclear reactors .
Moreover , they only nee a small quaity of fuel to be produced .
Fossil fuel ar our most commo eergy ourc , even hugh hey hav a terrible effect on lbal warming on count of eleasin gases into the atmosphere .
ey wo n't lt frever and th ill incras te s of nuclear energy .
Just look at ol , nature takes millions of yars to or it a we he almt used it up .
Let 's turn to the argumns against .
Nucler power plants have a high risk of pollution in the event of an ccident .
In addion , they roduce nuclear aste , which is a major problem for e environmen an ublic hath .
All things considered , I believ th renwable negy ll be the most common eney in te futue as it does n't cause global warng alhoug it is expensive to genete .
No , it is not ratioa because accordn to economic thery , y ould spend your ney on those gods which yild the maximum utility pe olla .
MU / Px us equal MUy / Py .
If MUx / Px is lss tan MUy / Py , then it is the conume 's duty to bu more of Y. If MUy / Py is less tn Ux / Px , then the consumer must us ore of X. If you work me , yu can csume more , each addiioal ut yieing additional , mrgnal utlity , so you continually inrease e sm of your total utiiy .
Flowing h traditio of economic reasoning , mo is bettr .
Sh may be igh abot th treadill because tere is a cycle in which consumption results from work which necessitates further consumption , b theory wod indicate that ti is a potive , sel - erpetuating cye , becase increased consumption yeds increased utilty , therefre maximizng utility .
The bo says that e ule to follow is to vary cosuption unti the marginal uiliy f eery dollar o one thg ta ou ae conumin is the se as te margial utility or every dollar o another thng ht ou ar consuming .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction with he current statu in ou societ must com frm r failure to vr her consumption of a variet of material goos .
For goods , te arginl utility ma start to be le than it was before after a while , d then we ae dvsed to switch r uying to othr goods .
Ms. Luhr needs to find t goods which or for he .
Thn she would n't be talking about te egatie aspects of work because it is work which llws hr to consume and aximize h utility .
Hr utils r at their hiest h more she consumes .
In my vw , Ms. Luhr is succumbig to he eotions rather than hr logic , ecaus eveone knows ht increased work yils ncreased welth and increased tlity , and this is the ulmate goal of a rational peson wo is acing selfishly , which is how cnomists think pepl at .
If Ms. Luhr wr truly being selfih ad self - interested , sh ould btai greaer satsfaction from reaer consumption , but r stement is deying hs eet of rationality which is so important to economc resonig .
S does n't want more .
She ut be irrational .
To : whom it may concern
This reference is for Tm Bak , ho is applyin for the position of scial activties oficer at yo English Langge Collg .
I have known Tom for or than 10 years in both personal and profesional cpacities .
it referen to hi work eperience , he worked for a multinational company fr 5 years .
At ht time , he s heading te Public Relations Division and he was in hrge of a tam of 6 pple .
Aer that , he became t Dirctor of the International Trae Center bad in ondn a he as in charge of all relationhips wi internatioal companies .
om a professina point of viw , he as excellent communication an relationship skills .
Moreover , he is vry wl organised ; he is able to anae several difficut tsks at h ae time , cordnating resources efectively .
He is a team player an ha been appreciaed not only by h team bt lo by all th peple he hs dealt with .
Frtherore , he is ey friendly and et on well with everyone .
He hs ery od knowlege of Spanish , improved by taing several Spanish courses and stays abroad .
or all he above reasons , I would hghly recommend om lack for this osiion . I am se he is the right prson f your colee .
He will be able to gve u l t required support and to cooerat wit ll the mmers of staff .
Should you ed further information , do not hesiae to call me .
Best regards ,
Der Mr Beltoov ,
I am writing to apply for h position of PR nager at your ompan , as advertised on he website w.yariyshop.ru . My jo would consist in heling yr compay to reinforce the brand as eader of industry a to romte it through adertising .
I bliee I pssess enough pofessional expertise to do the job successfully .
I am extremel interested in the prosperi of yo compay and t disriution of yr oods al over te old .
As o will e fo t enclosed CV , I hold a mster 's dere in roect Management from Th Russian Presidential Academ of Natioal Economy a Pbli Administration .
Since he , I have udertaken urthe practical training in advertising and marketng communiatons at Msco International Highr Business School ( MRBS ) .
In addition to my skills as a PR - nager , I hav exensive experience of marketing and offc management .
From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manger at Lmitd Liabili Company " Creatic "- aeny on deveopment of creative advrtsing .
This work entailed managg all rocesses n procedure to nsue quality output of all materials , campaigns , programs nd qualt bnd representation through all web , diita and offline mia .
I have 5 years of eperiene of managing , PR / mrketing communications r leadi brand amd coanies : " Barbie " , " The Children 's orl " , " My Toys " . In these comaies I a engaed in te advertising of tos .
I tried to understand wich toy chlren liked mo of al .
Relying on children 's tastes an interess , I untwisted the firm 's brand thrug advertisg .
I took part in an internation marketing products abt how to crate advertising orrectly .
Tat is why I thik I am an authority on t advertsing .
Prir to my work at " Th Chldre 's World " compa , I mde oys by myself and sold them on the Intene .
As chiden liked oft tys , I sewed teddy bears .
any people iked ad bght my hand - made toys .
It tught me how to avertise your w podut , to no oe about children 's interests .
Moreover , I lov children . Tha is because I am a kind ad frindly person .
I am reaive an convincing d I can eaily communicate with othr people .
In adtion , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiing d travelling .
I am a native peaker of Russian and I am fluent in English as well as Russin .
Now I am sudying German .
Speakin different langags helps me to ommunicte wth peole in an countr without problems .
I am availabe for interview at an ie in the ext wo wees .
I lok forward to hearing fm you .
Yurs sincerely ,
aua Alexeva
ea Mr. Smith ,
I saw the advertisement for your chool in th mgazin " Speak up ! " n I 'm writing to find ou re details .
I or as an ccountant in a copany in Milan , but I wold like to have ore opportunites a I think improving my English is really imortant to be more cmpetitve at wr .
I 've been learning English for four yeas n my level is " upper intermediate " , but I thin I lack confidene in speaking and I should be more natral .
I would be interested in attending a course for one mont , possibly in Augst .
In this way , I wold have h chance to spend my hoidays in or enjoyable couty a std at he same ime .
I 'm a sociae person , so I wod n't have n oblem in a group , provied ha tere are n't any Itlias , because during that period I would n't like to ta in my mother ongue at a !
I 'm en on cultua tivities such as thare or ciem .
I 'm not a realy thltic pesn , bu sometime I eny layng volleyball or unnin .
I thak you in dvane and I 'm looking forward to reading yur proposal .
Kid rgard .
Rorta
Hn Ferr has been a mistay of fashion photography sne t ate 190 .
The ek of hi caeer ws in the ealy 0s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertsing campaign .
Feurer 's cmpagn for Kenzo was one of th ost popular and it defined him as a sucessfl photographer .
Has Feurer ws brn in Switzerland in 1939 .
fte studying art in Switzerland , he worked as a graphic esigner , illustrator and artistic director in London .
Traces of his preious career ar eidet throughout h wr in his arful compositions and precie tyling .
In 1966 , Hns Ferer traveld to Africa , during which rp he decdd to become a photographer .
He returned to London and began to compie a portfolio .
In 96 , Feurr 's areer went up like a rockt .
At the same time , he workd for te irelli calndar in 19 he also featured shots that peared in Ele , Vog , Numero , etc .
More than 30 yas ago , in the remote deserts of Nrt Americ , Hans Frer w given fr to photoraph Kenz Taedo 's 1983 advetsing campaign .
The caree of a Smli - American ashion model , Iman , ls ban after hs poneering hoot .
Tese iags beae the sbjec of Feure 's epoymous book , avishl illustrated with 5 photographs , illustrating hi fie - decade - long creer .
The book inudes eurer 's photgraps f the 194 Pirei calendar , for odak n f fashn maazines ch as Voe Itala , Elle Fnce and Nv .
Weigh lifting invoves the basic and ost natural hmn movements .
Obviouly , the wght is he resistance , which will el t individual to gain stregth and mass .
Every time I go to he ym , I feel lke I have to break my limitations n replace them wi the feeig of success .
Sucss makes me keep ging .
The bes advice I can ve fr a newie is to n go to the gym at l without knowledge .
Every wrongly eecuted p will take o closer to an inury .
Take your ie and make a pla .
Look up on the Iternet how to do te exerces properl .
Eaing heaty foods is e oer pat of that sprt .
I prefer to al that a lifestyle .
e w competition lifts in rder e the snatch n the clen and ek .
Ech weightlifter gets the attempts at ac , ad the combind tal of the highest two successful lis detrmines the overall result wthin a odyweight ctegoy .
Bodweiht categories are different for women a mn .
A lifter who ils to complete at east one successful snatch and one sccessfl clea and jerk also fails to ttl , and theefore receives an " incomplete " etr fo the competition .
e lan and press wa once a comptition if , but wa discontined due to diffculties in judging proper frm .
Dckens d te Brote siser wrote in vy diferen wa .
Dickens 's stle is ful of entimental realism : he descrbes realty with a setimental on d he ixs medy and ptho .
Conversely , t Brte siter are influenced by the prceding Romantic work , n their novels contain Gothic eements such as ghost and a dar ominous atmosphere .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clea tht Dickens uilds an extrardiary imag of Victorian society , with a wide range of character and stories whih reveal he conditions of hilren nd h po ; wherea the Brontes ' novels ctain h Byronic ro , a mal igre with a ark pat who ans to find some revenge , in the as of Hatcliff in " Wuthering Height " or forgiveness in t cs of Mr Rocester in " Jane re " .
In contrst with Dicens , the Bone sisters da wih lov a psychologically comlx wome as protaoniss .
PROPOSED MROVEMENTS TO R EGLSH CORSE
The aim of thi rport is to inform the committe about e ishes of h students who took part in the surey ta was conducted la ee in our school .
NEW FACILITIES
Generally speaking , r shol is wl equipped .
Hover , hee ae some shortcomng tat cud be xed .
Firstly , there is a great emad among our students for a compuer ro with broadband Iternt cnection .
It is ell known ta tis kin of facity elp studnt mk the ost of their ti hie learning Eglish .
Secondly , we e in nd of a confeence oom .
his will be useu to practise both speaking an listening skills .
Finally , it is also rcommended to date the books in the liray : mo of thm a qute o and outdated .
ACCOMMODATION
One surprsing outcome ro the svey was that students do not el cmforable enough in he residenta uildin .
Nt ony are he bedroom athr small , bt they ae also quite cd , bcase of the ack of a heatig system .
hi is a great rolem during t winr : almost every student a sffered om illnesses durig that time of t yer .
Thre are also numerous compaints with rgads to the quality of the food offre in the ateen .
It would be advisable to change the atring ervice .
CONLUION
We would be gratefu if ay of ese prblem we solved by t committee .
In se yu ed further nfomation rgardng n of these issues , plese contact us and I il be ld to respond to you as so as possibe .
ear John
I 've ead your leter and lt me te yo th I 'm real sorry that things ae o goin ll latel , especially because I know how mu you njoy sprs and your mui clsses .
But let me el o ti , o 're an amazing pron and I otally tik that y can handle thi d even or .
Maybe if you could just rduce h time you spend on each of your ctivitis , it could work out nd you would n't ed to drop any of them .
Organization is the e .
However , if you are til very stresed , then u shold drop one of thm . I certainly do n't know which one you shuld drop . I think I would drop t music lesson , becaus spos are god f your physical and mnal health , an alo ep o to keep fit and it 's me interesting fo me ; u aybe a list with the pros and cons of sports ad music lessons c hep yu .
Start by sking yoursel whch ne o ike e mos ?
Which ne do y njy mre ?
Yu sould totally do he lst an then wh you inish it , o can send it back to me , d we can disuss it .
You know I 'm always here to support you d your decisions .
t tell me , what else has en gong on with you ?
How 's school going ?
ou did n't mentin anything aout your best mte is me , nd you t guy aays he a lot of stoie to tell .
I ope you can alk abut it in our next lette , I really hae a ast it your stories .
Oh , and please give yu othr a ug hug from me .
Yours sncerely
na
Envionmntal problems tda ae more orrisome , if we do not do somehing for our planet , in a few ears we wil sfer t consequees .
No tm to speculae , it is time to t a implement ll ths measures we know .
Enough talk , it is tme to make a deciion : do we wat a better world , or , do we want to s it etroyed in a f yes .
We still have tim .
Smple tings like reycling garbage , walking sho distance instead of sng crs , not throwin garbae on th streets or into he oceans , can an a considerable change , because if we add the small effors of eah of us , he rsults ll be translated in millins of peopl .
I recommend imlementing a campign aled " No more blah bh bah , it 's tim to save h world " , we may not he superpowers an no be " Speran , Ironman , Cptain meria , atan , ec . " d we ca n't save te lanet rom intergalactic that , but ulie em , all together , we an ve te planet ro an even grater treat : ts ttl dstruction du to pollutio and envionmental problems ht we ourslvs hae cased .
Jus as we have the courage to ause problems , we ha to hv t courg to do something to ix them . Let us become that superhero that hangd h wrl a ad a change fr fuure generations to have a healty environmn to live in .
Just hink aou yr future and yr faily , nd whe you s ubbish lyng in h street , rmmber tt y ca become e superero ta will someda be satisfied becuse he did something to save the pane .
It 's tme to bri ou t suerheo we have side ; go luck !
Introucion
h purpose of tis report is to suggest ways hich will cntribut to incrsing th number of foegn learners in the school and to mak recomendtions for futr improveets .
Town 's enertinment
lthoug my town is not an enormous industrial enter , peple are fscinaed by h leiue activities provied here .
The varity of cafes and clubs would peal to a reat number of foreigners owing to the fast servie and e rper attitude to clients .
They woud lo enoy ou useums and glleris , which n rng them closer to r istry an tradition .
New teaching approaches
re student would be attacted if e cool governors made om changes to the laring sysem .
I recommend that a ore commo tacing ethd hold be one - to - one lesns , naely eacher with ol oe stuen , as that wl contrute to increasing e range of their kowledg n will also be beneficial for students w ed ore help in a artiular subject .
Array of acilities
Disatisfction with te scol equipmnt is occasionally expressed by the students .
Therefor , it is ncssary to rovid new facilities in the clssroms .
Cmpute - baed learning woul be a geat idea to attract mre foegn stunts because at wl maximize thr echnological capabilites , so that moe work will be iplmented .
Improvements to socalising opportunities
The schol governors should ffe more extra - urricular activities , including organsing excursions in the lcal aa and giving stdents a chance to choose he school coure which appeals to the the mt .
Reommendations
I would recommend imlemening all the suggestions listed bove ecause these improvements ill increase the nubr of forin tudents , making their accommodation in the town more plasnt .
Hi Kae ,
Thans for witing !
It w lovly to hear from you .
How e you doing ?
I oe y are well .
Yo asked me for advice and I tik I can help you .
Firstly , how much ney ould you ie to sen ?
I know plenty of amzing English ourss ut they l have differen pris .
Have you thought abot eaning English on th internet ?
It might be a ret idea ecaue most of them ae free .
I 've seen a couple of advertisements r nlish coure in or tow , b they do n't seem vey useful .
They migh nt be a good dea .
However , if yo wnt to have a look at th , they are put up in e supemrket .
I 've g a cusin h works as an English eaher nd she as an acdem right net to the city hall .
e gives lasss fom 8 o ' clock in te morning until 7 o ' clock in he evening .
u a choose te ime nd h days you wol lie to go nd she s fantastic offers if you do ot want to spend a hge amout of oney .
I leave y r mobile nber in cas you need it : 81234567 .
rte and ell me how you e getting on .
Ho to ea from u so ,
Reyes
However uch oan law , osaic la , nd rabbinical law impacted h lives of Js living in first - century Israel , may people o followed he eligon of Israel live outside of Palestn and beynd the borders of the oan Empire .
Ths , many of the law would not have played a bg rle in their lives .
At the ae time , however , anyone profssing to be a ollowe of the od of Isrel would have adhred to he Te Commandments .
he T Commandments provide Irae with e moral framewrk or mataining it .
T metaor h Bible uses to express ti reltionshp is cveant .
Whl the etaphor comes fr the sere of international w , it is wrong to understand he commandments erel as a summary of srel 's oligaions towards God . . .
.
Isal 's obediene to commandments was not a mttr of submissi to he divine will as much as it as a response to le .
I always go to have a pizza at a estarant near my hoe . "
La Terrazza " is t classic Neolitan restauant that akes iza and all te Neaplian specialties , and l the tye of fri ? .
It uses only feh ingredients fro Naples that are brought there every day .
Th pia has a raly soft base , a ot of tomato sauce an fresh leaves of basil .
T lae is reminiscent of te atmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , wt pictures of the most famous Neapolitan pepl on e wall .
You can s there and at for yor pizza ile wathin the football mat or ak yr izz ome .
The owe , trizio , is really nice and you can often fn him in h restaurant talking to me gust .
I think it cold be sutable for my class because it ha two rooms and one of thm is always used for b groups of pope , like us . Th serice is really fast and in front of e restaurant tere 's a beautful qare where we cn have a dik ile watching te typical Neapitan veing .
Obvioul , everyone oves izz , so it 's e rfect place .
Some expers say that public trnsportaion is a crucial part of the solution to the developed ations ' economic , enegy , and environmenal challenges , heling to bring a bette qualy of lie .
In increasing nmbers , people are using pubc trnportation and ocl communities ae exanding ublic transport services .
Evry segment of socety - indiiuals , failies , communitie , and busnesse - enefits rom pbli transportation .
But , in at , the c poides much beter mobility , oth in the b ties d in e countryside .
May of us iv in a rry .
Or daly ife is thoroughly planne , from moning to igt .
We ust kep doing or dy - to - y tak at work a at home , nd , at t ae ime , manain r scia le and entertainment acivitie .
Modern life orders our day n eks in a pked chedule of activities : job , hildren , husework , fun , free te ...
We ve to go quickly frm one lace to anter , just to be in im to fulil our nxt task or activit .
It 's bease of that we need to mprov ou mobili d private tansort , such as a cr , allows us to achieve u goals more effciently .
Public transport has t advntage : we can sy ht a lower ot , less pollution and more free time and rest or doing anything else durig the rp could be pulc transport 's ai psiive points .
Bt , on the other hnd , traveling by c ges us me comfort ad saves time , ad it offers a wider range of oices of departure oits d rots .
Ery d , scinc and ndustry are dveloping n materil , technologies and clean energy source .
As idusrial a technologal development progresses , pblc rasport wll os passeners and the use of rivate car will spread everywhere around the word .
Lst fr Wrd ?
Have you een studying Enlis f eas , but still ca n't sy a word ?
Do u sudenly lose confidene en u ha to speak to seone ?
I d the same probles , u I 've maaged to id some wa to overcome tem .
Frst of all , adopting a positive attitude is esential .
You should nver be afrid of making a mistake or rry tht people will laugh at you .
Onl hn can yu real stat to peak .
Most people lste f h menin of what yu are trng to say , nd do t notie yo misake .
Scondly , you soul t to t as muc speaking prctie as posibl .
In cls , answr as man questions as possie , and try to participate in cas discussins .
Wh y are on holiday , t to ae ontact wit other nglis peakes , a wo nws ?
Yu might me soe good frinds in hs way .
My problem has lays en vocabulary .
I find watching TV programmes in English nd reading icrease my exposure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in new cntexts .
I hope hat you wll id my suggetons useul .
Do n't ste any more time !
Get seking Engih now !
This is a vey common argument : tu genius snds ou so ch tht it can not be misunderstood , so if he is o recognizd , then he is nt a nius .
u this is faulty rasonin : it accepts h idea that a genius is always recgnizd on t basis hat , in history , geniuses ha alwys been rcognzed - which is ot tue , or at les , is n emonstrable .
They take fo anted tha , historically , eniuses have always be recognized , ut in reality they e only talking about geises at , in fact , have been recognized .
They knw nthing of those h av nt been eognized and tha ay have be compleey erse rm history , and therefore , can not be usd as an opposite examle .
To s up , because te geniuses that we he decided to recgize as ch hve been recgnized , they arue ta ll the geiuses are always recognized : ue self - referetial nonense .
In e 19th cntury , for me , ch as Care ombrso , genius reseles mental illness .
For Lombros , exctional people are independent , away fom h nality of life , isolate , impaient , asocial , often considered crazy .
T tie at university is t most imortan time in ur lives , becase we ler a l of hings d it prepares us f our future career .
Some may think that it is etter to he classes with discussion between professor an stden . Othr may isagree .
They preer classes wih leture an amost no iscussio .
In my opinion , classes wit disussion ar better .
Fis , classes th discussion between pofessr and stden have an dvantage for the students because they learn ow to ineract with their flow tudets .
Doubtles , such interactions with other peole will ep yu to broaden your mind a learn new ings .
This wl enrich yur persolity .
For inance , a yea back , I was at Nrt Texas universty in e SA . The wa a healh management ad plcy class with almos no lectures b with a lot of time for ope dicussons .
In the bginnin , I thought tis was a disadvantage bu this was no true .
On on y , we spoe about medical treatment costs in different countries and n of my friends , Wole , as rom igeria .
Consequently , he was able to tell us ho te cost of treatnt is les , h doctors are dedcated , and how everybody has access to primary helth are .
As a reslt , we all know at neds to be done so tat we can make little changes in t reorm to reduc the cost of treatment .
As you can see , ope discussion in class is really important snce it broadns ur horizon d lps you to ndestand different naion s ' poicies .
Seco , op discssin in cass helps yu to deveop cetan skills in order to become an inependent hinker nd speae .
It is evident at independent speaking and thinig skills are valuble fo or career .
For instance , I ws really frid of paking in rot of many eple .
However , this ealt management ad poliy class with oe discussion as helpful for me inofar as I learned w to peak in fron of others .
In ord to get oo grdes , we r force to paricipat in discussion .
As a esult , I overcame my axety and started speaking in ront of tos tudent d I found it 's not as difficul as I expected .
This experience ught me that it is bettr to participate in a clas wih oen disusson because it provies ou with speking and hining abilities wich are imperatie or your career .
All in a , though some may oppos my opiio , it is lar that classes with open dscussin nd lmos no ctures ar preferable bcause interctio with othr students wil broden your mind and yu become a better speaer an thinker .
Ta is why evry university soul offer sh class .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
th eerence to you jb announcement , I am submitting my application for e vacancy at Gen Pepper Cafe .
eng a student of economi in this tow ( expcting to aduate next ye ) , I am currently searching r a jb at weeens .
Your job dcription sunds to be a good fit o my search , nce I am ver expeienced at serving guess d have a god knowledge of various inds of foods .
Last summer I wokd at the ilton Hoel or si weeks .
My tasks included back ofice administration and serving in the hotel 's restaurant .
Bein ranked in the Michelin gid , ts restaurant provides oe than 50 different dishs .
I lov servng cstmers and dealing wit different and complx situation .
Please find my CV and reference letter attached .
Should o require furter inforation , I will be happy to proide it .
han you r yu time and considration .
I lok forard to your positie response .
Yours sincerel ,
Petra
Dr Aex ,
I 've been waiin fr ou e - mail r to days !
I op yo 're OK , by th wy .
Are you seris about the e activity center ?
It 's an excellent idea . Of crse we suld go . I e thre ae lts of things to do so we ca ha a great time .
Wll , all your sugestions sond god to me . However , I would robably hose climbing beaus o ony is it an extree sport , but it is als an exciting ativty I wold li to try .
Do o agree with me ?
If you prefer to do other thngs insted of th , lease just tel me !
About Saturday evenin . Wy do n't we us ty at ho and watch some n Dirctio videos ?
They 're awesom !
I do n't ow if my parents will be hr on Friay , I 'm afraid they wo n't , they 've been working so muc !
See o on atuday .
Le ,
Dia
Tom woe up as a beam of sunight slanted through a rac in the all of the l cabin .
He tard at the clock hagin on the wall and frowned .
It ws late , n ther a a lot of wrk to do , so he 'd better get up .
By te time he arred at the iverank , some of his cllegues ee already digging te itch .
Th river ws floig wn with grea noise , d t evel was sowly rising , as had been appening for he last few days .
Te crops might be flooded very soon if ty did n't do omething to avoid it .
Eerybody ws hee : he Smiths , with thr three broad - shouldered sons ; the Newtons , w ve brought soe of their staions to help us remove te eth n the stones ; ad the sl y wo lie in h farm in the northern hlls of the valley and wose nam nobody kne .
hey woke al y og , withut rest , til thy were breathles n ther hands were beedng .
hn , they worked a bit mor .
Finally , Tm coud ha Mtthw shouting from the other side of he ied .
Thy decided to top until the ne y , as the i was lmos finished .
He gazd at it , a bi worried about the possibility of more ran during the nigh , but rou of hvig pt h farm in shelter .
It d bee a very ong and tiring d , b To et he had achieved smthing really od .
We human beings r highly socialized creatures in e world .
Theeore , it is neitable that we have to learn to be at of soiet .
Parents , in so cases , are mentos to chldren .
However , considerin te complexity of society , I believe it is better to lean in cools rather an rom parents .
Firs of l , there is no denyin that paents ay teac thei chilre enormous fundamental life skills on which thir progny cut .
Nevertheless , the skills a not diverse enough or childe to deal with specific problems wn livg in a complex society .
For example , on of my senior hg scho clssmate encountered a communication problem in i family .
As a conseqece , they ae never taked to each other nce ten .
Folowing he previous paragrph , there will always be pole wth diferent lifestles , attitudes , ad belis in evey apect of one 's lfe .
If we ave n lived n learned the skills in a grop , especialy in school , we will not be skilled befre enterng socety .
Society as a wle is a lae where ot competion nd cooperatio tae turns to continuouly influence every member .
If we only iv in u original family , parents will probably forgive us he we make msakes .
In contrast , iving in a society is another sory : peopl might blam , compet , or even ur hers , no matter h ou are .
Laring in schools , howeve , provides a vauable opportunity or chlden to learn not only from teachrs , but also fom relationships bewen peers , n as a resul , pavs e y for bing indendent in th utur .
In a nutshell , tre is a great eal of knowege at needs to be acquired by children in ode to live in society .
Schol , a place with diverse tudents along th ivere attitudes towards life , might be better than merly learning with paents .
Th be prt in e world .
Hve you vr red unsuccessfully mre tha 5 sports in onl one ont ?
I ae .
Although it 's true tat I do n't actually lov sots , once I foun olf , it totally engaed me !
By playin golf yo can ejy a woneful journey in contact with nature and even with some friends , whe y do some healthy , constant a t oo tiring exerce !
If you ie the great views from a high ill , as wel as havin a reaxing ti by yorself or sharing it wt other people , of is the perft spt fr yo .
The ony disadvantage I could find is tha of is n't sc a cheap sport to do , as it requires a t of expense and also good mental and psychological healh , which is h firt thig I recommend you to work on if yu want to ejo golf from e beginning .
However , as og as you can afford it nd u 're provided with patience ad enthsias , you should n't mis th pportunity to ly his amazing spo .
I totally encourage you to y it at least once an I 'm sure ou wll want to repeat it !
Sometime it seems to me that here is an ocean outsid .
It slowly ustle an clatters an its pulsin aes attract so muc that yu ca n't stand sitting stil much loer d o ar eady to throw up everting and run tards it .
Hweve , at the last mment , you unerstan that the ocean is there , in eternally beloved Spain .
Lng befoe o jouney I kne that I would love thi country , I would fall in love with the ocean and se oce a for al .
I was wrong about oly ne thing : I ad loe it long ag .
I had ben adoring th ea a dreamg about it when I ha never seen it befe , ever heard it before , but definitely felt it o wh my skin t wit my heart .
We spent ten ys on h tlanti seaboard , in a smal twn - Cádiz .
h main advantage of it is th the ocen is always near to nd , no tter in what part of the town you are .
Like in all sesie towns , it 's lwys windy there .
The wind is fte strong and cold , d it blws f hats and tousles h har in suc a way that it ca n't be combed any more .
So , tha 's w I ge up te idea of doing it d decied to be a sggy - gir .
Also , I remember h sweet prfume of Spaniads ( n Spain iself ) , spreadn thoug the streets of h old town d mixing wih the smell of fre fh that is reay to be srve in numeros bars , cafes a restaurants .
I remember the wart of twilight , which lures you to the heart of this own .
I remember the aughter of people , sittin at t tbles nd chatting .
I remember children , rnnig bou te smll squares in frnt of the cathedrals ; elderly pepl in wheelchairs ...
All ese memories are lways with me , and to go trugh hem agn I do n't ev need to cse my eyes , everything in my md and hea is o vid to forget .
Tody I am writng abot lening anothr laguage .
It could see something vy useful , wit no drawbacks , but ach on hs a head and a tal .
Lrning another anguage is a wondefl way of learning abot another ontry .
Cec the languages o nw ad ompar them to the people fo those countries .
A laguage is he great thn to learn because it is te wa people communicate and organize their thoughts .
Furthermore , it gives you he cance to noy wors writen in at nguage .
That 's an incredible opportuniy .
Neverthees , we you are learning a lguage , it brings cnfusion .
You eed to hang the y you organize your houghts in orer to master it .
On th oe hand , t old one could be hard - wired io yor brin .
On the other and , the new langge needs an additional effort .
It als has anothr egatve efft : yu have imied im on this planet .
There is an incredible mount of tings to learn .
Wh would yo waste yu time learning a nw langag , when o rbably do not know enough about ur own ?
In smary , earnig a language is smethin beautfl , usfl nd entertaining .
It n be hrd and it a ts downsides .
Bu , as a learner of my thid language , I am a fi blieve tt it is the right coce .
Monre Tranng Solutions
87 , Soutend Clse
Norok AB51 8JK
Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.com
Sky : MTS Joann Little
www.monroetaining.co
26 January 012
Vitria Rosie Skye
Depatmet of Economis
Vancouver Buiness Schoo
39 Aelide od
Vancouver
BC Canada YNJ 3Q3
Dear Ms. ictori oie :
We are delighted to inform you tt the charity dinner was a success .
We aised € 44,5.00 and we r rely grateful for your attendance at ur ent .
We ll use the mone to build aother educational buding , d we are oing to invest in th progr tha we did at ar .
We would lie to say thank you for your preece at h vent . We are delighted because yo chose to romote our educational progr . We re rtty sre that your presene helped a lot to promote ths prgrm with he new students .
We re rely hapy to inform you hat we ae goig to organize soe ents in te ex three mots d we would ie to invite yu as a ublic figu to iscus more dails abo the campai .
Best Regards ,
Joanna Lttle
Director of Monro Solutons
Is chnge alays od ?
Chae is always god .
But someimes h pa of chan , the direction of change or h consquence of change can ma it no ood at all .
Life implies ange .
No change ; no life . Nature is life n death , contructio nd destruction .
No change ; no naue .
To stop t change is ipossible . That oul be aginst ntur and against ourselves .
very human action provokes a reaction .
ver ingle word causes a gesture , a though , a hang in oths .
Every ep mars a footprint in te ground .
e smalst wor changes th environent .
An decision cages the fture .
Life is chnge .
But is cang has a rhythm d it is better to respect it .
Life d chng lo hae a dirction , an aim : growth .
Everything that does n't grow is da , d death is th ppsite of life .
To hibit the growth of a liing bei is cruety , ut sometimes it happe .
Thin of hoe Chinese wmen obliged to bind their feet .
Thik of the Olympc Champion Nadia oaneci , artiiciall stopped in he physical development to preserve hr graefl childish by .
It is equally cre , in my opinion , to accelerate e pace of rowth by forcng cildren to or le adus or by inducing little girls to drs and behave like femmes fatales in ideo - clips or on magazine cover .
Nure is also hange , t in a cclical directio , an wit a natural rhythm : th movement of celestial bodies , t rotatio of Earth , the alternation of dys a niht , th seuenc of ssons … , in short , h heel of le .
We live in a time of accelerated change .
Technology allo us to do and learn in one liftime more thns hn o ancestors er able to in seera generations .
But at t same tie , we are woring against nature - let 's thn of polutin an climate change - and against our n huma ntur : distres , allergies , strokes and heart attacks r mre and more frequent nowaay .
I think we should readjust he rhythm of change in rder to be ble to reinterpret , in a psitie sese , Lampedusa wod " everythig must change so that everyhing can stay the same " .
Shopping is vey important to people .
It hes to pe wih stessful situatins .
Whil shoppig , you e doig hat you like and ejoy .
But se pele c et annoyd by hs kind of ctiviy . he ma be irtated by loud usc in the shopping ares , long queues at the cash desk , and crowds of customers evrywhere .
om peoe can be called shopaholcs , as they ca n't live without n clothes n furniture .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , becaus I am ot addite to shopping , u I do loe the process of choosing cotes , sos a accesories . I hate going hopping wth my faher as he is aways advising me to buy stupid stf .
However , I fd shopping th my mother lasant n easy , as we have the same interests and tastes .
e eps me to ke th right hoice and evr loks at te prices .
Actually , th is a bad idea , bcause I must n wste money on tings tat are n worth buyg .
Dr Sir or Madam ,
My name is Alex Yegorov and I am wrtng to equest informtion aout qaification requirements for obtaining a skills assessmet in rder to submit my Expssion of Interes to killSelect .
I would appreciate it if you could send me e necessary appications frms nd associated informatin relating to the assessment .
It wold be appreciatd if ou could provide asesment pocedure , tim frames and charg as wl .
I graduated from Unversit with a specialisation in Fiber - otc Transmision Sstes .
However , no I am working and plnnig to contine wokin as a Software Enginee ( 261313 ) .
Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be e right occupatio o me ?
Also , may I have information on whic version of the ILS xam I sould take ; e Acadec or the neral Version ?
Yurs faithfully ,
Al Yegerov
The urpean Union was craed d is meant to be an orgaiation ta hlps all of ts membes to dveop eonomically d social whie contibuting to the cmmon good of he whole union iself .
It works oward allowing all EU ciizens to travel and ok rely no matt which country ty are fro .
Migration is a factor all counris us consder in orde to move forward .
Everyon ms be accepted a ntegrate int a specfic society .
Al current 27 natios ut work both idividually an togter for t best conditions of imigrants .
Ther should be a workin etork fo providing suable obs and standards of livin f those , of course , who re lookig to ok and contrbue to society , a do t simpl pect to y on h ack of more economically developed countries .
Many no - EU citizes live and work in Europe , but or hs to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiing societ .
Thy should be ale to enjoy te sam ighs ad responsibilites as EU tizens .
uroe eeds brght young pole th an urge , with a ws to be prductie , to crea a better futu for themselves an f hei children .
Migation brigs l te cultural eath d diversity in Europe and ineration is an expresin of civic cohesion , contribtng to political taility .
First pret to realze tht church wine is nt real blood .
" T taste of my blood was completely different from the Sacred Blood " .
In 2015 , after 30 yars of servie in e Church of th Sacred Heart in eluzuchmpa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 ears o , ealzed tht t wine dnk at te momt of communion is no the rue blood of Jeus Crist , as he has hought f his ole li .
" I reaize this fact last Decmber when I cu my finger while I was cooking nd I sucked the bloo ht was fowing om the wound " .
Inocencio , surprised by thi discovery , asked i collegues in th Order of Saint Bartl about the ase of their blod . Incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all he priess fom t congreation agred that tir blod i t taste like t wne converted into holy bood at h churh .
At that time , the Odr set to he Vatican an urgent message and caled the press to make an nouncement of the discovery .
At this pes conference , Inoencio assured tha net year he will try to pove if pigeons ruly repesent the Hly prit .
Hello , Alison !
I 'm leased to hear ro you gai ! I have to say at you shol wre in ur work that t traditional Portuguese foo is delicious !
Wh can I ay ?
Usaly my eating habits are similar to mot Portguese ; I ave my breafast eteen around 7.30 n 8.00 . I a bead wh eese or j d I drink a large glass of lk with creas .
At unch , an people eat a lot ! I strt wth a small soup an then I hae the main sh and the dessrt .
If I have oe tme before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with friends - in Potual veryone drinks an espresso !
In te fternoo , I t some cookies .
Finally , I hv inne wth my faily - alway at 20.00 !
We eat a ght ma d fruit .
Wa is my favourite Portuguese mal ?
It 's pork whih is seasoed with d wine and , then , well braied .
But the most amous is uses cod .
Good luck ! Best wishes !
Andreia
He had a lg dy ead of him .
To was t kid of prso that is ways the r his friends .
He s always ding things for te or r anyne who aske hm .
He lid in Toronto , which is a cold city , but which is even colder at 5 am , t tme when Tom 's day began .
Tom had a series of hins he a to do r his rind Rob before 2 pm n had to sart as fast as he cou .
i rst stop as t garage wher he a to ay d pick up his frend Rob 's a .
The price wa supposed to be 10 pound , bt it ended up eng 25 pounds , so To d to pay money from his own pocet .
As a conequence , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty a morning .
After takng th c ou of e garae , he a to rve all e w to the airot and wa for Rob to arrive .
ut the pane ha a day of 20 minutes .
Tom was getting raly anxios , worryin that he would neve make it back to i job . At 2 pm , te flght arrived .
o doe ack to town an hn walked real fat to h wor .
It wa a quarr to two , so m lay back in his cai , oo a eep brat and waite fo his workmaes to arriv .
It ad een a very long n tiring day , b m felt he had achieved something rely go .
Welcome to Russia !
Eeybody visiting hs country wud like to se te most important sights , and I migt be helpful there .
How about Red Square ?
It is e of h most significant place in our capital , Moscow .
First of all , I woud lk to mke it lea ta " red " is n related to e colour only . Thi ord also mens " bautiful " in Rusian .
he , his is he spot where ll - nation elebrations take pace , like civil and military parades or eing the New Ye in !
lo , in Red Squae one can see te ausolem , wich is a lso be called e of t symbols of our catal and the country .
Th amazing int Basl 's Cathedral is lcaed neab .
If you vit my coutr ne ay , I il certainly be peased to show u Red Square and everything I 've told o about .
I am proud of my countr !
at is ultual literacy ?
I s researching om definitions of cultural literacy .
It sms to me tha the following defnitions sh an overall conext of hat culturl literacy is .
utural literacy is the ability to undertand and participate flently in a given culture .
Cultrl literacy is knowing about n respecting the ulture of others .
In rdr to be ulturaly litrat , you need to be familiar wi al manner of things , from Waterlo , Hamlet an " all me Ishael , " to the Wife of at , e Magna art , Tutankhamen , te ythagrean Theorem d 1066 .
To be familar with somethin is far differet fo being an expert in it , and it 's entirely ahievable .
A literate reader knws the bect - lanuage 's alphabet , grmmar , nd a suicient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person nows a given cutre 's ign an symbo , includig its languae , prticulr dialectic , stoies , entertainment , idis , idiosyncrasies , nd so on .
The culturaly literate pero is able to alk to and understand others of that culture with fluency , whil h culturall illiterate pern fails to understand culturally - conditioned allusions , refrences to as events , idiomtc expressions , joke , names , places , e .
According to UNESC , litercy is at h ear of asic education for all an rating literate nvironments ad scietis is essential for achevig the goals of eradicating povrt , reducing chil mrtalty , curbing popultion groth , achieving gnder equality and achieving susainable evelopment , pac an democry .
My personal opinn is tat cultral literacy is the way to understand , learn and know about otr cultues .
lo , yu can be understoo by other cultures .
Nowadays , t majority of teenagers are no so lose to tei amiles as the used to be and mosy tey r further apart om their parts .
The ae between 13 d 19 is the revolutionar one .
It has been sho that ty get along better wh thir iblins than their parets .
I shre this opinion ih the rvlutionary ones .
I get alg with my siblings vry el , u we do not ee each ther very much .
As a reslt , we often comunicate d we do not exchange opinions as much as oth families do . I do no conide them to be my bt frinds because I can not spea ith te as freely as it my frnds .
Not to mtion hat when I am trying to tal to them , they lway space u n then s tt they hav thei own roblems .
That realy gets on my nerves .
A ried wl stay on an isten to you with patience .
To su up , I do not consider my fmily to be my bes rends n eiher do they .
I think it is ar to say basketball is e of the most popular sorts on the planet , both in the nuber of viewers a e number of player .
There is robably an arry of rasons to explain such a phenomeno , t for me , that hapens fo o particular reaso ; e ho cock .
Te hot clock is a timer tht dictaes the amount of time during which one tm can kep possession of h bal .
e dea ehin it is to quicke h pace of the gae and peent it from becomng staled .
A criou fa is that , out of h ie mt popular spots in h ord , only basketball keeps trak of possessin time and to me that 's exactly wh set it apart frm h others .
While watchn or playig an in of sport , there 's nothing worse thn a em or a player trying to waste tie unti the clock us ut , the gae becomes dull a boring an you ca n't enjoy the exitemen that only h up - tempo style of play can provie .
e ttom ln is ; a as - acd ame is a uh more eciting experence for lyers and viers tan a low paced ne d ha mas the " shot clock " fundamental to h dynics of the gae .
An for nyone trying to become a god basketball plyer , the two mst mportnt thgs to nderstnd ( as it is fo ot spots in general ) are he values of actice and awarness .
Practice is the one thing that an increase e probability of desirable results d awareness is what gives you the aility to dap to different situation , d h combination of th two is he oly way to suces . So if you want to be a goo player , u eed to t you energy d focus on practice a sa alert and survey the cot at a ims so you ca be awr of wa is happnin around you .
Some people claim that the youth of today are es healt than they were wo ecaes go .
Although several causes of this roble can be found in the modernisation of u sociey , hs modern society n also povide solutions r t ameioration of the level of fitness of young eople .
One of e reasons o e worsenng of the helth of oung popl is the increasing use of cars .
Nowaay , parents tk their children everywhere by car , wereas hy would ve to go veryhere by bk or by foot twenty years g .
his is a result of he decreasing rie of crs de to nnovation in th cr indutry , whch enabled mor n more people to bu a car ( an se it ) .
Howee , possibilities to me young people healthir are also providd by our modern civlisation .
F exampl , commercials can be used to ncourage youngsters to tae up exercise by showing te positive effects .
In conclsion , I feel that not only the rson o the ow level of tness of today 's outh , b also the clue to etting youngster fitter , lies in moderity .
Good thrillrs have become ireasingly rare in the la few years , and to fin some among big productions casting famous actors is ven hrde , if not imposible .
Mo of hese , in fact , he very predictable plots , ae full of cliches n , nce it 's so ey to figure ou ow te wi ed , they are usualy vey boring .
Th is w I ws ery surprisd when I came out of the heter aer seeig " Loer " ad thout , " Hey , I jus saw a thriller wh Buce Wilis in it , and it ws actually a reay good oe ! "
The stoy is e in the future , abut thirty years fm n , when time tavel hs ben invented but is ued only by cimial organzations who sd thse they want killed into te past , here a roessional kiler , a loper , is witig for them and for the silver strapped to thi ody .
The ain charater is Jo , a looper who has to fc an oldr vrson of hiself sent ck in time to be kiled .
By lting his older self go , o chanes his pat , n therefre his future , leadng to a series of unexpected vens , and to an even mor unxected endng !
My expectatios re nt very high , but I have to say he movie as surprisingly od . In fact , it as not boring at l , ad ha a ew big twists which took me cpletely by surprise .
Time travelng is onl a mean to he development of the story , and the future society is quit similar to t prese ne , so even if you a t big science fiction fans , I suggt ou give this movie a chance . I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
In the cometiive orl hat we inhabit , masteing a tecniqu and having a de kwledge of a ivn fiel is essential for both academic d professinal success .
We 've eached a point her this traing starts at an early age in the form of extracurricular activities , suc as muc classs , learnin anguages a playing spors .
The inhernt tendncy to roide the best to our offsping causes parents to invest in their cildren so as to pepare them or an unreictable fuure .
The ast that results from hs poces oe n't allo parents to thin ovr some potentially harmful mts th they take or reality , regardless of he fact that it may compromise their children 's motivation and sl - cofdence , ll because of their " is tent innate or an it be acquired ? " .
Contemporarily , he most widespread elief is ht me people are born ih a talent and oe unucky os simply are n't .
This assertion may boot the confidene of parents whose chidre show a remarkabe abiliy in early infancy , as thuh this capability could be a celestial sign ht teir toddler is gftd or going to gr up as child prodigy .
The adhrents of this ea sualy mention extraodinary pepe in orde to reinforce thir own belief in her hild 's potential to become a aous gnus .
n of the most common examples is Beethoven , knw for composing high - quality pano pieces as a youn chld .
Little own is ha the rle played by mus w in s ife and what hs relationsip with it was rio to h first ded .
Admittedly , I do n't kno hs myself .
Aone who challenges th afoementoned comon - sese is n't imediately drawn to mrace n believe the es como , but still popular nd t scentific , concurrent idea .
Many do beleve tha a talt can be taught , lthoug n so aily .
h " 10,000-hours rul " is said to hae a sienific ass , in spte of h fact tat ost of its defendants have never ea te tudy tht established it .
Accorig to th rule , y rson c dveop a talent after 10,0 hours of training .
hi aout of time does n't t normal workers ' and studnts ' tigh chedules and buy dil lives , therefore eng labeled as impracica ad unachivable .
The norma respons to this coclusio is , lie I and ma people wo gave up lernng a language smly ecaus fluency is out of rach if you do n't have tis time available , is he loss of motiation .
The main problem of hing these tw persectves on talent is tht boh of tem are basically negatve .
Bot of hm p a evy burde on arents and on ter children .
One asrts tha talet is a matter of luck ; the ecod , of pe tm - consuming a presumably expensive deication .
Clearly , both ely on the common beliefs to be susined .
Like n other unscientific " truth " that circulate and cuss ha to our ociety , ths one can only be eliminated thogh the reading of scentific and secialised publications on te topic , so ta te effective ways of bcomig talented at somehig an be adopted , before th popular beliefs tak our motivaton a self - belie aw .
hi resrch project ll poide us with a better understanng ad nsights ito hi area through th EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of linial reasoning develpment in ED and ad to te scientfic discourse in clnicl reaonin .
As discussed , clinical reasonng is still poory understood and a variy of wys of ariculating n cncepualizing cliical easonng an provide rcher mes of understanding hat is invoved in clinical ncounters ( Loftus , 02 ) .
A narrtive aproac to exploring and investigatn cliica reaning developmnt can provide a vocabulary at enourage us to inegrte inights frm diffret frameworks in ys hat combine the strengths of ch .
Dear oh ,
I le in Italy and yo should know that food is ey important fo us !
Ma people have breakfast in a a th an epress or a cappucio and a croissant .
In the morning , we 're t sed to eating saty oo lke alam , eggs or cheee .
Wrkng eople usually have luc at abut 13.00 a te have smethng sile such a psta or a sandwich d a coffee becae e break is sort nd they av to go back to work and ed to be cocentrate n do n't t asleep !
During h a Italian pple drink a l of coffee d everyne s a cffee maker at hom !
oung people do o drink coffee : hey reer to drink ok ile eating junk od , which is caper and tastier than pastsiutta .
The time for innr is o the sae in all parts .
In northern Italy people a at about 19 , heres in southrn Ialy hey eat at abo 21 . I t hom late and I hav no ime to ck elaborate meals so I usually coo a steak wh vegetabes .
Sometimes I iv myself a slice of homemade cae .
Italan at also a lo of fruits ike aples , range and ohe fruit of te sesn .
On Saturdays or Sundays we do n't have to wr , so we have time to cook and we prepre typical tlian fod with two or more courses .
I really like the lasagna , ad ith a flat d lo pasta ith bechamel , tomatoes and eat a I love t pasta Amatriciana made with spagheti , fresh tomatoes , baco and a typicl Roman ches called pecorino .
Aother typical dish from te northern Italy ( it comes from the mountins ) is pizzocceri hic is a wheat pasta toppe wih abbages , butter an typical cheese .
vey region has a typical fod and a typical ceese .
I once ra tha in Itl we produce 0 difrent cheee nd I do n't think a foreignr would try them all !
I 'm talking about Grgnzola chese , wic tastes relly strong nd is n't vry nice because it as a le mould inie .
I remember hving tasted he " asu marzu " , a ypical adinian cheese hch ha ome litle wm inide !
However , eang is r us a radiion at puts the families tgether and repes are handed dow rm generation to generation .
I pe I 've hepd you !
es wises ,
Roberta Trenin
What hapened to me is t h raso for my mood t I 'm se it contributed .
My first nght ee , I was invited to a iner mainly for scientists wh are up he doing a rad show .
I 'm sat next to Brain C d something insid me wilt because I know I am sitting ne to a suerior bein and he wi sn find t I 'm a two - celed wom .
I am ext to omeoe who know what appene to cse the i ang , he ses atoms and electons d en kows what the ar .
He does n't think aout tins tat I , a mere otal , do , like whether or ot hee is fo on my tet , nd det .
To me , he is geater than ay rock sr qured .
Dear Sirs ,
I wld like to apply o the jb you advertised lt ek ecause I am quite ue I ould be perfecty suible r the po .
irt of al , t me inroduce mysel .
I am 30 years old .
I am an English teacher here in my cutry , Spain , an I hv worked wi childen aed 5 - 14 r five year ow , in different educational centes .
I am vr enthusiastic about being wth id .
I uess ht is why I am a bit a of workaolic .
I lo playing spos , singn , swimming , oig handicrafts , and cooking as wel . I eny eamork , n I always share n iea and good xpeiences wh my colleaues .
I am a sociabl nd supportive person .
I have a great prsonality .
No , in relaton to he ob tass I wld have to prorm , I fel totally capable of doing a of tem th entuiasm and fectiveness .
I am an excllen cook .
I am quite god at organising sports eent ad gas .
Moreover , I will n have trouble taking care of children -I will be a great companio for them .
Sudnts ways lov the activities I esign for tm .
They have so muh fun !
Thus , I thk I am h right person to or at any of your summer cms nd I am sure o wil be satisfied with my work .
Workin there wuld be a gra opporunity for me .
I could lear more abut American cultur and peple .
I know I oud benefit a lt from h experience .
I am looking forward to hearin fro you soon .
Dar Sr/ Madam ,
I am iting to apply fo the post of instructor at USA Summer amps .
I am 20 d currently doing a Barelona University degree in PE .
I am ls a Spanih Red Cros mp leade , as I ejy all knds of sort , ch as swmming , siling , kayaking , ock cimbing , ec .
I aso hav a hi level of spoken Engsh beaus fr 8 ear I have been attndng a ummer amp in Scotland , wher recently I was asked to carry on as an instuctor .
As a result , I have soe relevant experiece fo his job inc I he be working f tw ers as summr camp instructr for a comny in ctland whe I ave been in charge of fiftee children aged ight years .
I would be suitabe fr the j avetised ecause I am extrvert , easy - going , hardworkin , thughful , a loe children d doing odoor ctivties suc as camping , fishg ad cooking . I ao njoy teaching childrn n kills and helping them to develop thi self - confidence .
I would welcome th chance of being pat of your ompny 's team , since it is a word - renowned ir d I am availble to travel nd change residence .
Because of thi , I would be ateful if y ould send me inforation rgarding incorporation in t organization ( date , conditions , t )
If you rqire an furer inomation , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or D6hJ@gmail.com .
Looking orwar to hearing rom you .
Yors faihully ,
Laura mith .
Although educatd people in h past d the same desire to lear as ducated people today , those who ee conidered eductd in the past old be considere ess edated today .
That 's bcase many scienifc facts have bee reveed .
Furthermore , information abu these facts has bcme ch more available .
lso , people today tend to et hier dgees than eople in te pat .
he great epanson of knowledge aks peop more educated tan befr .
Toda , people ko moe abou phnomena that ere onsdered obscure in e past .
For exmple , people today know more about spa , gnetics , and diseases .
That makes tm ore educated .
Furthermor , it 's asy to find out about thes valuable dscoveies .
There re many more libraries n learng courses availabl tan before .
In addiion , information aut anytng c be found easil on the Intrnt .
In h past , grduating from high school was consideed an achievement ; ody it 's ot .
To be considered well educate , people shud gaduate fo a colle .
Also , ther are more peop ho cotine thir eucation after graduation from clleg .
In concuion , the average level of educton in the ps is n't enough toa to be considered educte .
This winter , I may be ble to travel to Corwall , UK .
Going to the UK has been a drea of mine , but going to Cornwall , howeer , ight be a bit of an esapade uring th winer , considering ha I 'm only used to t reltvely o Egyptian weahe .
I hav read hat ornwall is usuly flooded in wnte , and ta the weather might me trnsportation a pn .
Hwever , I 'm interested in & exited aot te journey because it wl allow me to ave a myriad of e exprinces .
lso , I hear people are generally convivial ad the countryside is beautifu in Cornwall .
I hope that my fortitude will hel me during this shrt sjorn .
My life h been on a boring platea o a while now ad I ae been loking for a chage as well as me peronal growth .
A historical lce of importance in my counry .
There is a place in my conry whih played a ver important rol during orld r II .
hs is a forst , crossed by th border between France ad Switzerland .
As it w ul of spruces , it was esy to id rom the Grman atrols and people rm both sids of h brde helped Jwis people , spies ad Englsh , Candian or American pilots to flee hroug Switzerlnd .
A networ develop from h South of Franc to witzerand , especially to r to sae thousands of Jewish chldren .
People wo participatd in ta " ay to reeom " never asked anythin in exchange .
They did it freely .
Tey never spoke about it till a f years ago , as ey ee considere crimnals by their countries as thy had broe the aw drng that tim .
t no , ey ave told e whole wold aout it , me of them are now considred as heroes in Israel fo what they d uring tse had times .
Ther story hs been written a people could finally discove at appned ere between the years nineteen hrty - nine ad nineten forty - iv .
Ls mnt , a mnument s eeced in teir memory so that obod forgets wha happened in at large foret where - as t people would say in ha time - Grman soldiers cold nt guard te whole wood , unless hey sood behind eac spruce ....
Nowadays , public transprt is a usefu nd convenient ay of travelling , especilly for tuents , people with a lw socioecnmic status , or anyone who wants to go to work or school by s , tin or by subway .
It 's alo tu tt re eope have cars than ayb 30 or 40 years ao .
ar ae a good wy of saving tm , especily when waiting fo public transpot , mainly buses .
t a disadvantag is that a mainteance ad ga is more expensve than paig for public tansport .
On he ter hand , ar are always the whe yu need thm and you do n't he to deed on anything wen you have a car .
Airplanes are becoing re and more useful for peole who trael for wrk or even want to get to anter place quike d more safely .
I also thin th hee will be ewr peop using public tanport in he futre , but sm will sll be availble , ecause it wo n't be possible for eveyon to afford to hv a ar or travel by plane .
As in l educational processe , sessment of the programe planning must take lac .
Tere are dfferent das to be considered as f as assesment is concened .
In the first place , we have to now why we evalute .
The function of evalution and assessment mst ot only be the recognition of th results of h larnin process iself , but al hw this process oo pace . Therefore , we wi eed to ue different instruments of asessment .
Aer the assessment and evaluation we will be le to dpt he nessary pedagogic hp to indiidual studns , know up to whh point h proposed im have be achieved , and we wil be ble to jue th programme planning as a whole .
Assessment d evaluation will provide information , for th tecer as wel as fo t students .
Th techer wil understand e student 's dificulties better ; s / he will know the level of assmilaton of the different kinds of contents ad be able to modify futu pogramme planing .
As ar as the students are concerned , they will be able to corect inadequate strategies or behaviour , know h difficulie they ecounte in the earning - teacin process and evalute their own process .
econdly , we ust be sure of hat to assess ad valate .
As to the students , we will have to consider t kowedge and skis they ve acquired , teir attitudes d their ocil behaviour .
As to h teacher , we will fin ou whther the programme planing was adequate or t and if s / he s sfficientl invove in h learning - aching process .
Thirdy , we ave to ee in mind e instruments fr ssesment a evaluation we re going to use .
r our programme planng , we ppose h following instruments or chniques :
Society is contnually changi , ever ice we reate te first cvilizations .
Hwever , it has a secia importance nowadys , in a world at moves so quickly .
Te first thing that comes to mind on this sbjet is technoloy .
It ha such a quic rwth tat it 's impossib to predic o much transformation it wil suffer .
It sold mae a lt of tsks easie nd mor fficient u , art from at , I do n't expect it to have a ep impact on ur ives , cnsiderng ther apecs that will crtainly overcm thi n .
Tt brings us to th econ pin : resources .
As th populaio grows exponentially , t sources ai to do he same .
We have jst started worying abo that , but the actions we 're tain re fr from enough .
The hard truth is that unil smone h to ace t situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain neself fm wasting eerg , oo , materials , water ...
But in the near future , most of us il ave to dea with it and , therefore , be orce to make dramatic changes in u lives in order to survive .
Finll , and on a oe positive not , we 're alkng towards a global orld .
This means borders are gettin thinner and tiner , and cultres mre and more similr .
As this y cause us to ls traditions d cultural identity , it il definitel bring more oportunities for everyone .
Dear Jo ,
It 's grat to hea from yo !
It 's really good hat yo 're oming to Urugay . I uld be pleased to hlp you .
Fis of all , there ar a lo of places to visit ee nd I oud like to ake you to Punta d Este , Pirapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma ad ohr bautful plae .
u have a lot of hotels to stay at if you wat to be there oe thn a dy and he people e eally ce . Or if y wat , ou can stay at my house , of course .
econdly , u can find a job hr in Moevideo or , if you like , in the countryside .
You coud work in a publc ofice , for exmple .
or people who come from the ontries lk you , there ae a lot of internship ad I cn asue you ta u wil fd a reat job . There ae also companie ta are hiring pepl to work o a ort period of te in thir ll centers .
inaly , tel me if o want to go to a particular place or do some activiy that you he in ind .
I 'm lookin forwa to seeing yu soon !
We will have a great time togeher re in Urugy . You will se some of the most popuar place in this betiful cunry .
ee you soon ,
Feip
The pupils hve bn taught English since their very fist meting ith te English language in sool , so they are complely famliar wi uing Engih as a classroom languag .
In this course design we have also chosen ctivities that we considr suitable to be taught about in Engli .
The ol pla where we oud imagine a chalene in stickg to Englih as e classoom language is wn the group works togeer .
Te evalaton stars by unflding the brainstor fo y 1 , and then it continues wt he puil applying all their new words and knowledge abou Amica .
Hereby we at to crate consciousness in t pupils ' ind of their ne knolege .
The end of the evaluation is that every uil wite a ps - it note tha answs the flowing quesions : What have I learned fm hs course ?
What did I ie most about thi course ?
How could t course be improved ?
Hereby we bo wnt he pupi to refect on thei learning and rig the teacher valuable informtion r he next ti .
In this cass , there ar srng wshe for certain areas regarding Aerca tat the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils wld le to lan bot American Hig School Lfe , 4 pupils old lik to lar about Nationa arks in Ameca , 4 pupils wod lie to learn out Native Ameican and 1 pupil wou like to learn bot h American Motor ndustr .
Tkin t importance of learner autonomy d the importace of th pils ' motivatio nt consieratin , we ae deied tha hey an follow ther inteests on this course .
This lo gives th pupils h possibilt of introducing the classmates to n kowledge - d th cmmuncative situation is authentic .
Kyiv is a good destination for shopaholics .
Here you ca find ll - known brands as well as locally produed items .
For those inerested in top fashion brands , I would recommend vsitin the shos in the main stree .
The est manfacturers of clothes , inen , accessories ave thei shops tere . Jewellery and watch shops can lso be found naby .
Fr those who re looking fo cheap but pratial clothes , I old recommend u to go to one of the shopping als of te capital .
as - markt clothes , bgs , comeics , chidren 's ty re available there .
Thr ar also supermarkes in each hoppig mall , where o c buy food ad everages as well as housekeeping ies .
If y r interesed in loal design , vintage clothes and remarkable souvenrs , go to the histrica center of the ci .
Different sops will offer a ide range of goods and ipress wi interesting design ideas n unique style .
The min shopping mall of the it is unr reconstructon at the momet , but in one year , it wl be open to vsitrs n will srprie hm with high - tech deig and exclusive rand .
And if you are ying to nd a oo product f a reasoable ice , visit th city 's outlet entre - collections fro t previous yar are sd ther ith ignifican discounts .
AESE has 64 years of experience in tring high - potential oung people into globally - mnded , responsible ladrs .
Presn in ovr 11 countries d teritorie d with ov 86,0 members , AESEC is the orld 's largest youth - u orgnizaton .
Focue on proviig a ltform o out leadership development , AIESEC offer youn people the oportunity to participate in international internsips , expe ...
Xm thêm
Mô tả
Present in over 13 countre and territories and with over 86,0 member , AIESEC is h world 's largest youth - r organisation .
Focusd on pviding a platform f youth leadership dvelopment , AESEC offers young eole th opportunity to be gloa citiens , to chage the world , and to get experience and sils that matte ody
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
What We Ension
Pece and flfilmet of humankind 's otental .
AIESEC 's Scope
AISEC is a global , non - political , independent , not - r - profit organization run by studets and recent graduates of intitutions of higher education .
Our membs e interested in old issues , leadership nd managemnt .
AIESEC oe not dsciminate on t basi of race , colour , ender , sexual orientation , cre , religion , ntional , ethnc or socil origi .
AIESEC 's Approach
AIESEC members go troug an integrated development experience .
This involve leadrship opporunties , inernational internsips and interating wth a global network to suprt heir deeloment .
y do eple become homels ?
n of the easns is tt they are or because tey can no get a o .
I believe we c reduce te nmber of homeless people in pan by providing them it infrmtion and kills .
Those wo bece omeless sally do no know that ther is a system to help or eple .
Fr exmle , if they do not hae enough oney to have a me nd to buy things ncessary to live , they can t fnancial support rom e ovenment .
However , those w do not nw about it can ot t such support .
Homeless peple en to be unabl to athe informtion because of lck of means to do it .
We need to let tem get information .
Skills ae also eede to gt a job .
The kils include he ability to communicate wt people and to overcoe hardsps .
I have seen a TV progra about homeless pople .
In the program , ne omeles man qut h job becaus he old not ha a good relationship in the offic .
He tried seeal jobs but he could communicate well in none of hem .
He a red of himself , lost interest in working and became homelss .
Then , he g to know th hre was a class tha provides homeless peop ith klls or cleaning oors for fre .
He decide to join te class .
Smetmes he esson ws hard , b the staff thre praised him when he d ell .
Little by litle , he developed an interest in working .
He o to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situatios .
He also learned ow to build a god relationsip with eople through talking to his colleagues .
He finaly wanted to find a b again .
If more lessons ke this r roided and mor homeless people get the kills , e problem of homelessss ll becme less seriou .
To conclude , ivin infrmation about sport th they can receve from the government and skills is a very helfl way to sove homelesnss in Japan .
At the mont , ll goverments around te wrl arge about clmate hane .
Some of the think glal wamig is the mst signifiant problem , whereas others belive deorestaion has a greatr impact on our old .
Now I wil discuss both sides .
On e one hand , goal warming is a reslt of many emitted txi gases .
These are , fo exampe , carbon dioxide and thane .
As we all kw , trees sre carbon dioxid .
So , we cn say , ith less dforstation the ould be less global warming .
Bu what are te results of global warig ?
The primary outcome is the incrasing temperature , d this leads to melting glaciers .
These glacier are habitat for par bar and an the arctic animals .
The meting glacer ll bring a higr sea evel .
Tat means coastal cities will be flodd .
This flooding leads to staratio because of lower harvst yields ad tis ceates many refugees .
On h other hand , deforestation is , as said , another part of gobal wrmng ue to fewer carbon - ixide - storing tres .
But incinerating a huge pt of the rainforest means e destction of wildlife hbitts .
Gloa warming is a primary aue of starvaton bu so is deforestation .
Because the roots do not hld th fertile il , n as a esult , it wl be blown way by e wind .
To u up , both issues have eormos impats on or world .
In oh , animals and peop are affected .
But , in my opinion , you cn tp globa aming by soppin deforetation first .
Then yu c focus on glbal warming .
Michael and Cecilia had ben married for 6 year .
Even though their relationship was of te quarelling ty , everyone around tem , friends an family aged on te fat that the pair were as solid as a rc , ad dspite the us d downs , loe had always on in he end .
Bu sometimes , Miche a a tendncy to go oo fa it his words .
n each time it happened , Ceilia ust ito tears , a Mchel ha to rk his soing ife ke a bby .
They d ke trying to have a baby f yrs , but dspite hir atempts , no chi ever ca .
Micael gre bittr .
He was torturing ecila wth reproaches .
One night he we wy slamming the door , ill cursing wile running dow the stairs .
It took him hee days to alm down an put things into pespetive .
When he finly cm ba hom , his wife as nowhere to be seen ... Michael rushed to the bedroom .
Going straight to t wardrbe , he opened its door .
It was empty ...
Michael close the door ad new at that omen he ad me a mistake .
Nwdays , expeience is mr important than acdemic knowledge to get a job .
Employers ty to find epoyees that hv practical skills rathr thn formal qualificaions .
Although xerience is extreml important , I disgre that academic qualificatns a ot iportnt .
First of all , formal ducation is ssential f employees , it is conidred as a fundamental basis of an pctical ob .
Sccess in a job dpends on e amoun of heoretical knowledge that a ersn aquird in an acdemic institution .
In adiion , every phenomeon is based on teor .
When eplyees fac any oblems or difficulties at wor , they must reer to the they that explains this phenomenon . Without kowing thi theory , employees ca n't ovecome thee ifficuties . o insnce , engineering scnce seems practical , bu ec pa of engineering scence is based on theories .
Therefor , egneers us ke demanding knolede to be successful in a caer .
Second of all , theoretic qualifications re rucial o employees , as hey help people to think nd slv al probles in a fair wy .
A scientific approach is more importn to deal with poblems , beginning th identifying problems n then studying all fators an relad infrmatio .
hen employe re abl to sgest the be slutio . Th approach is eveloed in forma eduaion .
orever , stdying at a university povides an opportunity to iterac with a wide rang of eple nd thus uild unique communiation skills at a ery important for eploees .
Finlly , knowledge could mk an pn - mned person wh hs the abilty to deal with problems in a fair wa .
To conclude , teoreical knowledge is oe impotant thn practical kils .
It is the an part that heps employees to be successful in her careers .
It is cetainly true tat markets an not abaon formal qualifications in futur .
oe people are convinced ht pblic transrt ha no future bcaue the car is so much more convenient .
There is ore than one y to lok at this statemet .
Th use of public ransport has a lot of advantages , but on the othr hand , me disadvantages cn be distinguished .
It depends on whre and hat kn of lac you ant to reach and it dpens on the tim of a .
In this article bth sie are discussed .
irst , ha re the adantages of ung the us or trai ?
We traveling to ciy ceners , choosing public transport is advised , because parking a cr in h city is realy expensive and it is very hr to nd a spce .
We in the nter and wanting to enj varios sigts , by car it is ad to get fom one place to h othr , because the trafi is hav .
IN tt way it will take a lot of your ime , whie the bus and tramway have heir own s lanes , and hence r smothly .
In hat case , the choice of ulic transport will be preferable .
Wn traveling to rural ars , it is qite dficult by public transport , because someties hre re hardly an trans or buses for the far aay paces an e tiy villages .
Another problem ight be the timable .
Because not ma people go to these places , e schedule wil be very igt n th bs il only ave once every hor .
If there is a bus or trai available , it will stop at alos every villae .
Most of these bses will mak ma ops , which mas it even moe tme - nsuming .
At the end of th a , ou shoud hooe pblic transport or car accordin to th prpoe of your trip .
A smtimes pubic transprt is better and somtimes using the ca is better .
h Jirga is a ' tradtonal system ' of justice , which is actively raciced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Balchitan as well as in stricts of Sindh bordrig with Baluchita to resolve lgl cses and dispts .
Te ystem , which hs en in practice since British rue , was modifed uner the ' Secal Provision Orinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 168 ' .
Beside dispensing justice d dealing with judicial cse , th Jir also covr ll impotnt asect of the monetary , polticl , a commal fe of tral societ .
Howevr , in its present frm , the tribal Jrg , especially in Sin province , a geerated hated ebate aout t lea position as well as cnflict of i rules and codes with the constituto of akistan , law of e land or formal justic system as well as international hman righ standards a convention .
The stongest allegaton out te Jirga ysem or ' informal jstice system ' s bee its unfairess agaist innocents urig t coure of decisions d xection of a varety of its rules and reulatins .
Tis inomal system of justice is being practiced in rua eas of Sidh and Baluchistan .
In fact , the iforma ustce sytm is directly proportionl to the Jirga tt originally has its roots in Baloch culture d ha been transferred to Sindhi ocity progressively .
" isorically , the Jirga Syste ate ba to th days of asee Khan of aat , Baluchistan .
He was the Kh of ala from 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Khan was an abl general , traind at th court of Ahmd ha Adali , the hero of the third battle of t famo Pani Pt . "
In recent years , many nations are developg their own economies raply , n it mans tht many aras of farmand a forests are eing t down to bul btte nd bigger houses a a mo convenient transportaton stem .
However , many coutries have bcom more wre of the nviromental issues each ntion fce .
In my opiio , we ed a ore convenient if but alo to maintan a certain balanc .
First of al , the biggest roblem is tat th old 's resources are extremely unequal .
For exmple , Japa is the worl 's third larges econmy ate the Unted Stes d Chia , it economy is so developed , b foo , il , and ther resources ae al iprted , a it us a lot of heavy industry into developing coutries in odr to protct i own environet .
This has led to a growing gap btween h rih d t poo , whil the environment is ao geting worse and wore .
econdly , with the inceasing of the earh 's populatin , the area of farmand are als decreasing .
ople in economically developed areas e in pursui of the perfet lfe and the people in undeeoped areas are starving .
So , I tink that the overnment mut do somethng in is respct .
h government shod find a baanc etween economic develoment and agricultural development .
I think that it will have to develo scence and tecnology ch as Yuan Logpng 's hyrid rie , or after te od a make people great nd the vigorousy deveo he eoomy .
As part of e sm plaet , protecting the gbal environment is t only the ta of te goernment , t alo te as of each of us .
Dear i or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for one of the jobs in t summer cmp at y adertised on the Internet .
I am in my fial year of high school , wih I wil eav ith a uniersity entrnce qualification in Jul of this year .
I am looking for a b in the UA to improve my English and to gai more experience working wh chlden as I want to become a primary schol teacher .
I av babysat children of diffrent ag or the lat 4 years n ae fund that very satisfyin so far .
In addition , I hve privatly coached th and 6th gde puis in Mathematics , Englh , German n French for te last 3 yea .
Te peoe I have worked or find me a rliable , communicative , well - organised d cherul person .
I ha ben od that I am quie good with hildren .
My babysitting dtes wer to put he children to e , povde lun or diner , play with them n read to the .
With regar to e tutoria . I have put together my own xrcise materials , looked at and discussed class tets and helped the pupls with their hoeork .
Snce I have worked twice as a oup instrutor at a local summer camp , I thn tat I am wel - qupped to deal with 8 - 12-yar - o children from h eerience I mentioned .
I oe ou will iite me r a job ineriew , ia Skype or in peon , and lk orwad to haring from y oo .
Yours aithully ,
Tsa Foerster
I had ner fl so nrvus beoe in my lfe ... !
I ll never fget his articula day .
It was a lovely d .
Tht is why my arents decided to go on a ike trip to the forest otsid our cy .
I had nver en there before , so I thugt - wy not ?
We t of at 6 pm and reach our destination an hr ltr .
Sudenly , it got so dk that I ould not e a thing .
I stred huting , as my parents wee out of sght , but nobody nswered .
ftr a while , I tarted shaking - I was alone in a fret !
I ted to all my mother , ut while I ws typing hr number on e keypad , t batter ran out of power ...
So there was oting ee to do but stay in e sae lce a wit o someone to hep me .
Lukily , it w qute warm , so there ws one thing less to worry about .
I did ot have to wi so long , though - after a hle , I saw our c 's lights glowing in the darkness .
I fel relieved .
ext time I go on such a ip , I nd to ae sre that I have a fully - haged bile wh me .
Eindhovensebn 32
4988 RI Sittard
2 September 2016
Recrutment
Meltwate ws
Hartoghtaat 44
2771 YJ Amsterdam
Dea Sir / Mam ,
Your adrtisement in t Garian of 31 ugus attractd my attention , because I bleve ta I have the skils y are lookng for .
Attace to is leer of application , you will find my curriculum via .
I recentl completed the four - year bachelor egee in uropean Studies at Zyd nivrsity in Mastricht .
I earned about corporate communicton , about management , organization a comunicatin and some basics of markeing , c .
Also , I have studied French and Spanish and ae participated in many group prjects .
Durn my stuies , I et abroad to the Univrsiy of Pars , wher I studied political sciences a intenational management .
Ate my studies , I did a Mster 's in cultura cinces at the Uiersity of Maastricht .
As a reul of is training , I ha excelent communication and analytical skils .
I orkd in a clthng so in h past , so I hav some sae exerence as wel .
I have de an internship at t reception in n of the best VIP dsiger hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
My dues ncluded checking uets in ad u , planing nd organizing group arrivals , assisting with cash advances , exchngig moey , checking est flios an giving commercial information to ustomer .
In hs way , I ha , to ome exent , developed strategic thnking bout individual clien needs .
I knw at cliens want and know how to dal with that .
urin my studies , I h to make portfolios several times nd had negotiation classes , so that il be no problem for me .
I am vry ntereste in this os , since it offers an excellent opportuniy to evelop my caeer in international management .
If you hav any further questions , I can be cntacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I wod welcome the opportunity of an iterview to give you additional normation on ht I ca contribute to Meltwater News .
Yus faitfuly ,
Bo ummel
Enclosure : CV
Dear ir or Madm ,
I am writing in repy to your jo advertisement tht I sw ome ay ago a I think this woul be the right opportunity fo me .
I am a 24-year - old Italian girl . I studied English drin igh chool and o this reason I travelled in different countries in ordr to improve th language .
In those places , I hd e opportnty to comunicte wh other popl fro al vr the wor .
I tudie in London or 1 month so years a an I visited different plaes , sch as Brighton an Liverpool , where I attndd some hrt sumr couse .
I woud ike to mprove my communicaion skll an I would really ov to be an ative part of your summer camps ryng to do new tins .
F these reaons , I think I oul be a suitable person fo this kind of o . I am ery open - minded nd I lve to take care of chdren because of the beutiful way of tinking and seeing things in a very simp d natural ay .
Cooking is one of the things I lie most and I am n fightened of working hard , since I believe ta if ou at to improve , yo hve to app yourself a lot .
I hoe y will conider my applicatio . Tis woud actually be a wonderul experience f me .
I old be grateful if you ould attend to this matr as on as possibl .
Regrds ,
lamiia Bruna Mancini
It was a rainy afternoon , a I had discovee the letter hat ruined my le . I wud neer be the same again . I w at home lookig ut of the window , hen the poe rang .
I could never ha guessed wt was abut to happen .
While h phone was ringig , I felt shiers down my pine .
" Hello " I said , eeling lke omethng wa wrong , while the person on the ote side kept talking .
And hen I heard thoe three ords : " He is dead . "
I rushed to h house , o believing wha I had ut een told .
I went ito his bedrom , and tere it as : te letter .
I udenly knew wa a happeed , he hd taken s n ie , an my heart broke .
I had never epected that . I hd lost my best friend , nd I could not do a hing about it .
ro at momnt on , my life changed forever .
Tee r no words to explain o much I ss i .
Cry Grandma
Grandpaents are the best .
I lve my granpa and grandma a lot .
Snce gandpa pssd away I have tarted loing my granda even more .
Granma is so sweet , bu at he ae ti crazy as well .
She des mazig tings .
I admire her very much .
That woman nows ho to put a smile on a d 's face .
Gran has straight grey hair , dep ue eyes ad a tiny nose .
e lso has a pae complexion and black ar circls unde ees .
Grndma 's rinkled ace can be horrifying at night .
hat is wy I vod gin to t bathroom at nght .
Fear of seeing granny at nht is stronger hn anything ese .
She has a eally skinny body , and her hads are long and coverd in brown spots .
Nana tlks in su a peaceful a .
Her tone of vic is so gente an so calm .
It calms me own ad freaks me out at the sme tm .
My parents tod me that gandma is a ver sick pron .
When I go to sleep sh is constatly sitting beside me .
And she is also watching me ith ee we open .
Lely I ca n't get enough sleep becaus of that .
ana give me a feeling lie I wi get killed in my sleep .
It feels ju ke a hrror mvie .
Reality is killing me .
I ve her u she scare te hel ut of me .
While sleeping I can feel h rubbing my ft n ouhing my head .
It is a creepy feeing .
She es n't wan to lee me .
I do n't know w .
aybe h is afraid of dying loe .
I know she is i .
B I never thogh at it could be tha rious .
I lo my grandma .
h might be crazy , but I ove er .
eelin scared all the time will ot st me fro ovig er .
Undertanding is h most importt thing in th wld .
We will never stop lovi ur grandprents !
My avourie TV sh is " Pretty Litt Liars " .
Tis show is abo four gil , called Aria , Emily , Spencer ad Hannah .
The girs used to han o toethr , hy spent all their free tie togthe and th were abolutel es frinds .
Allso was te girl h ept the group together : all of the grls led r and she was always th ctre of attention .
O igh , they wer sleeping in a barn a he Aria woke up , Spencer an Allison were gone !
Suddenly pener came to the ban gain nd ld he friends that she d n't seen Alison , t she though sh 'd eard er sceam .
Fr th day on , h girls dift art .
ri oves to Iceland and the oth girs lose contact , and Allison is still missing .
Wen Aria come home from Iceland , again , he girls get mystrious messages only signed with e ettr " A " .
Al of t mssages inude the girls ' secrets only Allison kne .
And then , Allison 's body is found .
In t show , te fiens ry to find out who " A " is an shw Allison as murdered , while " A " turns their live int hell .
I lve the how , because it is completely thrlling an scr .
If you ar a famous person , people believe o have a wondefu lfe .
Neverthless , being famous h bot its benefits and drawbacks .
Fir of al , elebrities ar usually wealhy , so they have an easier life tha other people .
Luurious homes , crs , expensive cothes d other pleasures of ife a then available whe ople becme faou .
Moreover , they travel all around the wol and spend their holidays in xpensive resorts , g t bet hotel room n th mo efficient sevie .
On th other ha , lck of privay is a major isadvantage in a famous person 's life , as their personal lfe 's boundaries a constantly crsed by paparazzi nd jounalists .
Besides , the more they succeed , the more tei fs expct hm to achieve .
Owng to this state of costat stress , many of hem are bound to have acoholim prbles , drug - addiction ad epression .
In cncluion , fme may be nice , but it 's nt an sy pat to wak on .
You have money but yu do nt fe sae . u hve frends but you can nevr be sure if they ike you or or money .
Helo John ,
I 'm really happy to sed i month in h UK , but it 's really important to ln my days in order to have a goo tie .
First of all , I would like to wor for at least thee months in a language scol in London as an Italia teacher .
In ths w , I 'd he the chance to ge to know differet pple from al oer the world ad , at the am time , I 'd ean sme money to visit the cty and te castles of Englad , whee my historc ttles were fought .
I was wonering if u would mind asking around if a school is looin r a pat - me teacer ?
After leaving London , I 'd ove to do tw months of volnteeing at a chidren 's ospital in York .
I red in an ad on the iternet ta young people re asked to entertain sk children and I 'd be really ppy to make tem smile !
Will you help me to writ a strikg CV ?
My say is gin to conclude it a ip I 've alwas reamed of : Cornwall .
I 'm meeting two friends of ne in Bisol where we 're rening a lite car and we 're going to tave without a destination !
What do you thik of my plan ?
I 'm loking forward to hearing rom you !
Tha you for you dvce . Kises !
It had been a hot sumer 's a .
Michel 's parnts were t so it was the perfect xcuse to ave an amazing party in he iing ro , eve thugh they forbade him meeting wth friends .
When ight fell and all the gests h arrived , Mchael started to lose contro of te siuation .
uddnly , a deafening noise comi rm te ding oo stope te party , u obdy knw what had hppene .
Almost immediatey , the hue s mpty , and the msc turned off , ettin Michae alise ha s grandmother 's vase , valud at £ 2000 was boen .
His arents finally cm back after hree days but it was obviou th something s wrog .
ichal decided to blame h o for the unfortunate inident and when he tld his fther ht hd happened , he autoaticaly pu the dog up for adoption as it was n't te firt ti , dspite Michel 's ttempts to avoid him doing it .
nc he had arved at he shelter , the aily starte to say odbye to the dog , crying louly .
Without looking ck a getng no th c , ichael closed t oor a knw at that mont he had made a mistke .
I would like to appl for h 12-month Internsip Prormme ( Mareting and Client Reltons team ) at CG as avertise on e Cambide Carers ebsite .
This positon ll low me to gain an insight nt the asset management ndustry .
e reptation fo stablty and cnsisteny a the goal leadership in mezzanin finance are my ma reasons for apping to C .
Big awarded the " Private Euit Aards : Debt Fir of the ea 2013 " by Financial ew has further confirmed my esire to wr fr ti leading asset mnage .
I am ery nterested in working in the inacial markets .
Hvng lived in four differnt cities ( Brgton , Londn , Manchester ad Cmbridge ) in the UK , I have becme mor adatale to w environents a keen to accep e challenges .
In addition , I believ my internationa exposure a fuency in Englsh , Mndarin and antones will be an invaluble set to th company .
Given my strong acadic background and my adership experiences at university , including th cmpletion of the Manchester eadership Programme , I blieve I am a strng candidate or th position . I enclose a copy of my CV ad ho vy muh to be nvited for inrview .
Of course she was rall afad , because if she acceped ta job , she would have to ov to New ork City .
She a dreae of living there sce she as a little girl , but she also ealied that she woul leave l e people that s aed about .
At this poin , no one knew ta she a a the interview a t intervier told her tt e job as hers .
Not eve her boyfriend nw bou is , ad se felt ashame beaus , deep insd her , she knew hat he wuld fe betrayed nd he probly would n't wan to be with her nyore .
u if h id n't take this job , she would regre it r hoe lif , nd living it tat was something sh s n willing to do .
So , she picked up al r stuff , left a noe , n tearfully clod h door .
Se thought hat she oud he done things differently , bu it wa t late to change th .
I am iting to yu regarding yur jo advertisement .
I woul ke to apply for a posion in a of yor summer camps in he UA .
I am a vr energetic , hadworing , caring , lerant , u - to - be - th 30-yea - od woman wh ves pnding tim with children .
Furthermore , as a former cout , I have he necessary kills fr organizig iferent sports games an I am familiar wth a wide range of evening activities .
In addition , as a moth of 8-and-12-yr - ol boys , I ave a vast knowledge of children 's psycholog and am an ecellent ok .
Besides , wile being an exhnge student in h SA dring my school years , I iroved my Englh peking and communcation slls .
egardin the living arrangements , as I understand it , food and accommodation re provided by th sumer camp .
I will be more hn happy to py for my air ticet .
It wuld be my pleasure to visit the States again nd take part in activities I enjoyd doing as a tenaer .
And I am confident tha I uld be a ueful member of your summer camp team .
Loong frwar to your rpy . Please feel free to s me a questions .
Best regads ,
Mrs Kashubina
ery often pepe a " Fmiy is the most importnt hing in life " or " My mily is my biges sppot " , d I agee .
Whe something iporant happens , the fis erson I wil call is a memr of my family .
But ten , eer once in a hile , one can also hear stories of brothers fightng over the ihritance , or a parent not speaking to thei child fo making a wrong life decison .
In th majriy of cases , members of a famiy have th same blood and genes and thy also share living pace .
This results in commn opinions , support when here 's a problem a mtul understanding witout any wds .
On th othe hd , we ten to hae higher epectations and less ptince hen it comes to o led ns .
Th members of your fmly inded a ou be fiends , t onl if ou do n't ake them fr granted , if yu respect hem a their spc and inion .
Oe shou ls ar in mind ta sometimes it 's necessary to compromse , epecally when it oes to materia or finanial isses .
Oe y accept tat yu sbling , although similar , is n't h same as you , or that our child has a diferent view on thi future , it 's esie to embrace e differences a be a supporive amil member .
And at the en of the day , nothing c bat homemade cofrt food and a lauh wt your amil .
I wa asked last week to rit a report about the bet plaes f ung people in my area .
These are my indings and my recommendations .
1- Facts n Finding .
- The unrivaled plac for young peole is the municipal center o yout .
hs nnovative center h a o of first - class fcilites for oung peole .
It has a professional rehersal studio that local music grps an ju rent o ockt one , they an also rent nstrument by paying a small refundable deposit .
A small cinema , a ibary , ames oos , a TV - oom th an enormous lat screen TV ere teenagers ually watch fotball matches , a basic ym , and a little rena .
- e seond bst plce is a privae disco for youngsters .
It was renovated as year an regulars like it a lot .
The mi problem is the hgh pri of the tckes .
Kids ave to pay 10 euro just or entrance before getting anything else .
- There is another place were local youts spend a lo of hours ; h new and magnifcent mall .
It has 5 stores ad bot 40 fast - food restaurants .
he especially ie h music store ad e manificent t - hirt store owned by two local signers . Tere ou an dsgn your ow itm and collect it te fllowig week .
These ae the man places wher young peple usual go .
Dear Sir / Mdm ,
My name is Susanne White d I wld like to aly for the position as a camp assstat adverised in the Crash Magazine .
I ill be on vacation om Jy to Spember a I would be gld to rk wi children again .
Two ers go , I developed a project call : Our talent for Poetry a Painting , ithn an association for orientation of children d tenagers .
Apart from my experience in t Ats , I als hav been doin gymnastis f ten year ; thrfore , I am a porty girl .
In aditio , I belive I am uitabl for ts position ecause I have h ability to speak wih people of different nationalities in Engish and French , and I am enthusiastic about amping .
Enclosed I lso send the referne lettr writen by the director and supervisor of the alent Proof Association , where I worked ith hldren , in order to support my socl skills and cisis management competence .
I ok forward to haing from you .
ours faithfully ,
Susnne White
The imporance of clenlines around us is n undersoo till it takes a to on u health .
An inividual ms be aware of t result of his actios on te environment , be it ue to personal or rofessional actions , in rder to maintain it in a healthy state .
In Clyto , my homown , pepl are fond of mintining the environment and ty actively participate in encouraging people who y to work towads i prores as well as in protesting aginst tose wo ted to cause arm to it .
The unicipal oard of Clayton cnducts meetings fortnightly to info pepe abot th improvements at hav ben ma a hat ave been planned to be implemented in future in te tow .
Representatives elected by respctve communities attend e meing .
It is then their responsibility to communicate e messa to l members of hei comunity .
These eetngs e orgaized according to ter plned schedule and the results er surprising .
Erlir , regrdless of whethe h rubbish a recyclable or o , it was disposed of in the ae bin .
Latr , pople wee educated rgarding reyclale , non - recyclable and ornic wte and were ao normed ta h rubbish a to be dispsed of in ifferent bn .
Ts rubish was collected by t municpal board on a ail ais a poper disposal methods re employed .
Deelopment was also happening at h ae tie which was good o u town , t , lots of trees wr also cu dow as a reslt .
People srted roesting gains them to avoid y further damage to he environment .
Hence , th municipal board deied to invite th developers to t eting that wa scheduled fr a week ' time .
In te eeing , it ws decided tha on h following Sunday evryne old pant a tree that wou be povide by th municipal ard for fe .
On the following Sunday , as disussed , tes were platd and before we ealized it , hey tarted addg beay to ou town .
aing care of he envroment is everyone 's duty n it must be done reponibly .
The unicipal oard of Clayton doe an excelnt job of eduatig it eople to keep the evironment in a helthy state .
I pe pole will ta hem as an exaple d introduce similar ideas in their own twns or villes .
After al , it is t place we all live in .
ne a Michael ke up fro a srange dream , the deam s foused on a camera ht was following a shadow in front of it .
Everythng as dark except for a ra of light tat probably started at the end of tha .
The hadow ket walkg and runing from what Mhael supsed was a threat .
Michael ws confused , he d n't now why he h dreamed that . He thought it wold be bette to fogt about it , so he spped thinking out his dream .
That da ichael d to go to wok , so he got up rm h bed and went to his bathroom .
When he was ready , he took his key d everything he needed , he locked the door n went to his ob .
He took is car ad drove to th fa .
When he arrved at t building where he worked , he took the levaor and wnt to hi floor .
Sce he had entered he builin he had had a srang felin . Whe he arrived at h ofce , Michael cosed h door a knew at tht momet he had mde a mistake .
Hi Joe ,
Further to our phone conversatio of last week , I woul first like to thank yo or giving me his chance to alk to you , and fllowng up on ur iscusion , peae oe that we have been approached by t purchasing depatment at the hospita to give them our maximum discount to seure the al as a lot of brors were qutig wt a vey competitive prie which w very lose to our cost .
In light of t aboe , and as agreed , I ek yor kn help in apprving the price of $ 30.00 ac to coe this el in a safe ay .
Thank ou and bet regars ,
Moamd
Peter ooke at is watch an knew ht he h to do soething imediatey .
He as in a deep fost n a young wan he had ust met was abo to give irth to her hid .
Peter had already called an ambulance 30 inutes ago u it seemed that tey coud n't find them .
He knew he h to do somethng in th moment ecaus otherwise something bad may happen ...
" Pleas , do something . I 'm sard " ighe the woman whs nme was Mindy .
Peter took out h mbile , ialed 12 and told the dispatcher but that ole ituation .
T dispatche told Petr to calm dow n check if he h scissors , towels and water in hs c .
Then she tied to cal Mid down ad hped eer to delvr te bay .
The dispacher told him evry lttl thing he had to do .
After an hour Mindy wa holdi her baby- girl n Peter s tryg to relize wh had ju hapened .
" eve woul I hae thought th I 'd go out of my houe nd come ack as almost a midwfe ... " hougt Peter wen he s drivng ac om .
Computers hae become an essential par of our lives in h as few dcaes .
They have replaced any thns , like ooks .
It is tr tt because of compters , we do man things fast d easily .
However , they have soped us from doing many f things as ll . What r those things ? Do we raly need computers ? e he really elpin us ?
We us computers to hep us ith so many diffent typ of things .
To begin with , they hel us olve really cmple mahematial equations .
They were nvented to help us caculte tings in the first place , anyway .
Computers r an essential part of NASA , ince they t to calculate reall comex euaions to elp them solve the mysteri of space .
But we , ordinry popl , do n't use computers to solve equations , we use them to tye things , print thng , design thngs , make games nd to do much more ...
We have mde rograms ht ak computers do very intesting tins , lke graphics .
d we use graphics to ake l inds of things , like games or 3D huse mdes that help engineers .
Futhemore , te maor thng tha comters made easier fo us is communicion .
Humans re scial animas , we cmunicate because communication is in r genes . If we do n't ommunicate we go insane .
So computers el us do that . They hp us share our thoughts and feelings wt ote popl easily .
Finaly , while din ts they actlly ave us om using a lot of pae .
So computs help us wth so an things and alo save trees .
On te other hand , comuers ae vy bad effects on th us , n the evironent .
F example , research h shown tt ot computers themselves , b th things we use or ay on them are addictive , like social networks or gaes .
As , looking at a scren is tirn or your yes d if our eyes e to tired hey c et damaged forever .
Despite the fact tha cmputes deceased te s of pae , tey 're sill harmful to th environment since he consume tonnes of electriity .
Computers have mad ur lives asir withut doubt , so it is normal ta they have me b effects .
There is a ying in Turki saying ' If you love a roe , o hae to withstand its thorns ' .
So it is normal that computes ave bad effes on us an h environment .
In my pinin , computrs might be te bet invention ever mad , ice they 've become an essential part of our dily lives an since we rely on them so much .
To whm it may concern ,
Lucila Marcelo
Lucila arcel and I met at secnday shool and we hv been frends r seven years .
We hv also worked together at a kindergarten f som tme n this year we started our studies at an institute in order to beoe primar techers .
As a rsul of havi shared man exprience togther , I have com to kw er and h abilties vey ell .
Lucila h proved ersef to be an xtremely sincere and riable pron since I met her .
As a studet , she is persistent and hardwoking as wel as respected by teachers a studets becae of her warmth and kindness .
Lula is the elet of ix siblings , so she is used to bbyitting chilren .
In the past , s a some ificulty keeping her room neat , but , as he hs grw up , she has become a far more disciplined an iy erso .
Whe we orke at the indergaten , se as ve patient and caring ith the chilren and she w als lling to help them whenever they had a roblem , ven if hat implied hard wor f her .
I c confirm hat she had a special connection with h ki : se s admired by hoe wo d a great ie with her .
ucia ha been sudying English for fie years , and se is quite flnt .
Moreover , e s ee to a cp in Austrli in wch she was a coordinator of a grop of twty kids .
As a resut of er experince , ucila has developed an incredible ability to solve a problem that ma arise .
Lucila has always wnte to work ith children d she is interested in a job that wuld lso help her develop er English skil .
She would undoubtedly do an excellent b ad , for t rasons I have given , I ve no hesitation in supporting her application .
Yors faithull ,
Sools and working lie : a report
To the Ialan education ahorities
In th eprt , I will describe th school ysem in my couty , pint out ts flaws and coclud giving suggestions about how hey coul be addrssed .
The current ituatio
In Iay , students hav to decide bteen gmmar schools d tchncal institutes as their secondary school ype .
Most pople think th choosing a gamar scoo is th best option , becase it opens h door to unversiy , whe technal institutes ae pu in a rner .
That is actualy a miste , because h scoos o et prare students for workig life are tehnial insitues , wh emphasize the al - world applications of h studied subjects through laboratories and indutr expiences .
Conversely , gramm schols ocus extremey on thery .
In ac , students lern los of ormulas a principes without actual lining he th on anoter in rde to e the in rel lf .
I think tht probem ould be address .
Suggestion
hat I oul sggest in rer to deal wt this problem is to integrte re laboratory experiences in gramma schools ls , like chemistry experiets or bactria observatio with microscoes .
Furthermore , schools shou offe a yar in industry for students in t last two yars , whch would not only teach them a lot mre ta sool ony wold , t it would as attrct mr peop to the schol itsl .
Concluion
eople shold et use to the fact that st compies will alo care abot ou prvious wo experience , a the dea of ainng that hough school wol be really ppealng .
Dear Si or Mam ,
I am ritng to appl o a position working in a ummr cam in the A .
I am a naive Spnis speer ho has a very gd evel of Eglis an I hav also pent 5 ears lvig in the nite Kindom .
I am a friendly , hay , ardworking peron with a ot of energy .
I have had 5 yars ' experience working wh childrn as a laguage teacher .
I am used to organising sorting events d fun ctivitie for chilren and teenagrs ged 6 - 19 .
In addton , I ave xperiene working in resturants duig e sumer , so I am used to ll types of kitch duie inclung cooking and washng up .
I believe I wol be e perfect candidate for thi position nd I would be happy to attend a Skype nteview whenever is convnient f you .
I am sue tt it wod be a very interesting and chalengig osition and I uld really enjoy t opportunity to work at yor ca is summr .
I lok foward to hearing fro you in h ea future .
Yors faithfully ,
Miss Thres Anderson
Subjects tt shou be tugt at shool .
Nobody an argue th the fact tht education is a crucial eriod in he development of a chld .
Learning n nguages is very important , u alo stuying subjects reltd to compuers ad technology , lke comuer programming , is becoming or d more eful than anciet languags ie Greek or Lati .
This is bcause technology hs becoe a relevant tol o work n sudy , in particular , and an important tool in fe in general .
It is quite event that lernng ancint languges toy is not as levant as it is ud to be in th past .
On the one han , it allows students to understand ad translate ancin texs an helps te to learn abot ulures ro te past .
On h otr hnd , this dos no bring very many emploment oportnities .
Reent sures pred that the std of tee languag does not d much to h studnts ' fuue success .
Learnng compter programming , guarantees a go liig .
It is a knwn fact that tere ar ve few computer progamers .
Furtermore , as techology changes more and more , thee will be a reater demand or these sills in the future .
It is vient that technolgy is important in vry aspect of o lives .
In cncluion , there ae a lot of subjets tht might be tauh at chool , bu here is no doubt that Computer Programmig shuld be included as a hghlightd sbjec in t syllabus of any serious school 's prgramme .
Ok , so I 'm goig to alk about n Direcion .
I have cosdered he my avorit band since 2010 , beaus I had the chan to get to meet he watching The X Factor episoe where they auditied .
When I was in midle - shoo , ack in 20 , I noticed that they had already released their first single called What Makes You Beautiful , so I listeed to it nd obviusly fell in love with it , ad wth thr first album o , named Up ll Night .
hn thy released their second album , I was so ecited aot it and I waited like 2 hou in the line at a music shop to et it . Years psed by , and I was til a fan of hem , as I am now .
I have been following them almost 6 year in a row !
I ca n't wait for tem to go bck to all he taes and reas to sing , bcaue I 'm going to her 20 or 2018 tr no mter wht , as I did back in 12 an 20 .
robn : A tt echoe
' l tht chos ' , by Josh Grob , is te sixth tudio album of this American sier and songwriter .
It ncudes twelve trac to njy th u wait impatiently for t next ong .
Th fascinting album surpries no only wit the ariety of sujects , u lso wi the strength of the instrumental sound .
The first single , ' Brave ' , is a chart - topping sog about emotions uch as fear and fight .
The arrangements ae impl nd effective and th owerfu voice lays harmoniously with he rich sound .
It is boud to be at the top of my list . '
False lrm ' , which is h second track , is totally different and sterious bcause of e wealh of musical instrmnts .
roban sings the ell - nown from he film ' Once " song called ' Falli slowl ' in his own fantastic way , ut listeners ued to t firs verson miht be dispointed .
Musically satisfying , ' Happ in my hartche ' , tls e story of traic ov .
Once gai , Grob ascintes audiences ro all ovr th old with i matur voice nd catchy tues .
I dfinitely reomend tat album fr yor collecion .
It 's a mus !
Once upon a time , in a large own there lived a ung man who woked at a post ofice .
His main tsk w to ollect letters from aoad d to hand thm to TE postmen W WERE in charg of DELIVERING tm to T addressees .
Thus , every day he ha a chance to se were th lettes ca ro .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FREGN COUNIES .
Besides , he also cme to be keen on learning freig anguages , so mch so that he dcidd to enroll in courss in French n eman .
He becme HIGHLY skilled at wriing in ese langags and thi ability turned OUT to be useful in s job .
One a , he tok part in a copetition innded for te selection of e ad of h pot offie where he ws still working .
T LARGE NUBER OF pricipants DID VARIOUS EXEISES , INCLUING a TRANSLTION ito German .
Wen th ea s nished , he went t of th room where the cometition a been held .
Michael cosed h door and new at that moment he had made a mistake .
Da i / Mdam ,
The rason I am writin to u is the poor quality of a fo processor which I bought in yur store o wees ago .
After using it to times , problem strtd to appear .
I notice tht the first malfunction was he aety ock , whch demanded applying great force .
My wife ad to ask me for help , becas sh a n't strg eoug to psh he safty lock though .
We discovered anoher problem when we ried to ue e blender .
I u soe e cre nd il in the ender d pushed th " start " buton .
It sartd working , bt suddenly gt stuck and we have been unable to s it ine .
I was very surprised to discover at man problems in quite an expensive model .
Nturlly , I reured he blender to you to be replaced wi a n e .
Your assistnt aid that I would hav to wait only a we .
fter two weeks , h foo procsor had stl not arrived .
Finally , fo weeks later , I wa contacted by yu reprentative .
Imagine my feelings when I earne fr him tt I ca n't receiv the same model of ood procsor as I bought .
As a soluion , he oferd to upgae my moel to a better o and this , too , would ak two weeks .
I am very dispointed with bth te equipment a the ervice I hv received .
Therefore , I expect a refund of e full aount , $ 180 , as oo as posibe .
our faithfully ,
Smit
Dea Mr nningham ,
I am writing to apply r the st of camp monitor whic I aw advertised on t univerit weite .
I am vy inereste in it ecause I would lke to broaden my experiene in activities with chldren .
Not nl do I have a bi nuclear family wic is mae up of ur siblings , but I also hav a big extended family .
Besides , as I am h ldest brher , I am sd to dealin with children .
egarding my experien , on the one hand , I blon to a ocer cb at uiversty . Consequently , I have oe experience working in a team .
On the other han , I hve jus finished my fit year of a Physical Education degree , where we payed a lot of difeent sport .
It is true ha wae pors are not h most usul ther , u , I enjoy doi hem every ummer at the beach .
Altogh I am Spanish ad English is t my first language , I can pek luently because my mothr is Irish and he always used to speak English to us .
I el I am the rson you are looking fr because I am paient n alert .
These are t most mportat skis when you deal wi children , due to the fct hat you need to ke on t lookout for tir behiour .
Moreover , from my point of view , hidren nd to fcu thir aention on cosant activity . My sense of humo n creativity allow me to chage activities qckly in rer to keep their attention .
If you ffe me te chanc to join your tea , o wl not be disppointed .
I would appeciat a reply at your earliest convenience .
Plee ontact me regaring any querie y may have .
Yours increly ,
These da , travellig by car is becoming more popular among ran peple .
is kind of transport is regarded as a convenient a to travel .
Governmens ild or roads an more families r able to affr cs .
As a result , som pople hld the opinon ha in e futue , there will be no pulic transport .
However , I disagree wth ths dea .
Instead , I think tat public trnsprt ill pay an essential art in future life .
here ar tre advantages of public ranspot ovr riate cars that I want to describe .
On t on ha , it is environmentally friendly to s public ransport rather than cars .
Noadays , ues sing electronic powe instead of perol ave appeae in citis .
They emt no gas into the ai , leading to litte ar pollution .
In te eantime , if peopl prefer to te buses or subways , there will be less nois in the streets .
On the thr had , buses an subways can accommodate mre psengers , wile a car can only hold 4 to 5 people in total .
Compared wih cars , plic trasport has a larger capacity , whih saves space and csts les .
Last bu nt least , fewer cr aidents will happn if people hose to use public transpor , so traffic jas wl be voidd especial in rush hours .
Tus , it will be more soot and pleasat fo pasengrs to tave on the road .
In conlusio , publi ransport is a cost - effctive way f people to travel wih as contributes to e sustainable development of soiety .
" Educainal institutions hve a responsibility to dissuade studns rom prsung fields of std in which they re uliely to succeed . "
The statemn caims tht the edcational institutions r responsible o convincing stdents t to ut too uch effort into elds or subjects that they a o god at , which I a not aree th .
This statement fals to cnsider t main function of education , which is no triing superstars or perfect robot but teaching studens o to ce d solve the problems they a onfroned wi instead of running aw .
h responbility of ducational istitutions should be helping and guiding students to mak their own deisins , o makin decisions o students .
Amng the various pupoes of educato , in my pnion , the mot important one is teaching studet to solve problms .
Confrting h hallenging insted of turning aside , trying to tink of possible sutions instead of gving up at the beginning , alwys being positv about e unknown instead of negative a etrating . All the are e main reasons h humankind can keep mproving .
Transferring tis noledge and experience to oung people is the meaning of educaion .
If the educational institutions always soppd studts frm trying jst because they have es chnce of big successful , we 'll nevr have people ik Thms Edson or Albert Eintein , who were conidered as stupid kids in sool but dd n't ive up trying .
Coincing stuent to ake a mr comfotable road by giving up h possible risk is defintel n the proper atiude the educatonal institution shod hav .
One ay suggest that veryone needs to len to assess the risk beore investing , however , teaching students hw to sses , not sessing for stdnts , is the responsiblty of educational insitutions .
Tul , knwing n 's liit is the fist te to brngig ou the maimum valu of o 's talent .
It 's n mart to encourage people to do what exceeds tir biity .
Nevertheless , te ability to dentify one 's limits can be best learned from eperience .
One would nevr kn he / he can wim or no wthout jumping nto the swimmng po .
The responsibility of eduational institutions is to make sue at he / h wo n't be in danger in e swiming pool instead of dsuading him / he from ettng close to the water .
Educational institutions hould guide sudens to have bettr elf - understanding and self - assessment , not persae he to follow a pre - decided pat .
Last but t east , ht is the definition of " success " ?
o do the educational nsitutions udge a student being likely to uccee or t ?
What if a student would raher to do omethin he / she les insead of somethg he / h is good at ?
Not eeryon is living for the knd of uccss which most peple gree with , such as wealth , fame or powe .
F some peopl , living a life whi enables them do what ty lik and like wha the are doin is nough to be consiered as a successful lfe .
They mght not be th es , u thy ae self - actualized ad tisfied , and ol in suc a situation can they provide most to e world , just like Alert Eisein si , " Tr not to become a man of sccess but rathe to become a man of value . "
Consiering all t abve , I can o aree ith the statemnt ht persadng studens o to purse felds of study in whc they have less posbility to be successful is e reponsbility of educational istituions .
In my opiion , the purpose of edction is to eac an guide students how to fce problems a ake tei w eisions properly , t fce thm to accept ht hs already been arrange for hem .
Contribution
The mt ppulr TV programme in Germa is definitely he nws programme " Tagesschau " , which airs abo three tms a day on the channel " Das Erste / ARD " .
It is a nes rogramme based on wl - researched fct and offers a wide range of al the impornt information ou ned .
Every now and hen , they eve ar an ext report on a certai field , ike h European election or h crisis in the Ukraine .
The main reson r its populariy is its accuacy nd funded research , wich me it moe reliable than other news programmes .
oreover , they try to be interesting to all ae , so they pst on Faceboo ad witte as well , wich raw e atentio of te younge generation to the programme .
Neerteless , they always infom abu the late ws on eir wbsite n in their TV sh as soo as psible and , in adiion , the give a grea overview of the necessary bckground information you need .
I strongl believe tt this TV programme deservs is popuaity .
The w ey rsent thmselves in the meia nd the wel - founded rearch are ruly unique in Germa news progames .
Ahough I rarely watch the show on TV , I lke he a te are tyin to kep up with mdern tehnology nd hat hy are always making boing news so vivid ad interesting through shor vdo clps , picture n their choice of wors .
If you ever get to watch TV in Germany , you should definitely check out tis interesting news progrmme .
er Emma ,
I as so glad to read your eter about our ne job .
ow is it ?
Have you got friendy cleagues ?
Do yu get long wt your os ?
as sumr , I final managed to change my boring job and that tiny clothes job for a beer on .
I worked at e local ciema where re was also working .
It was amazin !
We 'd get the at about hal past eght evry da an sart cleaning the min room poceeding with h smler roms in te inema .
It was a lot of fu , maily beause it was jt us two .
We 'd ak joes and chase eah other it bros , trig to smack ec other on t hed .
The an advantage of working at the local iema was the fe popcorn a getting to enjoy th laes film .
We got to se the new Bod movie and also e blockbster Spiderman 3 there .
My job was cleaning h cema , but Fe 's main responsibliy w to play te mves for the clients , so I 'd mk sre I fnised cleanng erier , so I could enoy wathin the movies wh im .
But eough abou me ! Tll me abo y !
He you finally asked Mak out ?
I ca n't wit for you to answe .
I 'll write soon !
Love ,
r the las ten years , Mihael had been wrking or a ll - knwn company in London as an accountant .
He di ke hs ob b , as we al kow , sometimes people suddenly feel hy ve to change something .
They do n't know ectly what they hould do , at to change - buy a new pair of shoes or abe do something or - move to a different cty or ev to a foreign country .
Michael d exactly the am problem .
One ay , he woke up mu earlier than uua .
He made a coffee f himself an turned th TV on to watch the ws .
He sat on he soa in ron of te television and , sudenly , he realised that eery morning wa xacty the same , ohing ad changed f so many ars ! "
I ca n't sand it any longer " - he tought .
Bt ha to do ?
A crazy idea me to h mind .
Sine Michae was a child he had always eamt of moving to Australia , where he cod go kitesurfing all day log , me pn - minded people , chill on a sandy each ad drn go Australian alcohol .
" Why should n't I gie myself a chace to make my dreams come true ?
Peope hav only on life , not more ! "
At tat moment , he was pretty sure what to do o .
He tok a sheet of paper d a pen and stated to writ .
fte 10 minutes , a resignaton letter s ready to take to Michael 's os .
He arrived at e copay as quicky as e crowdd London seets allowed h .
" I need to tk to the boss " - he said to Ja , he main secretary of e company .
Without waiting or her answer , he just ent into the ffice , ave Me , his boss for 10 ers , an envepe th the resignation ettr d left .
It a ook aot 3 minutes .
icael cosed h or and kew at tht moment he had made a mistake .
Sometims we do tings we do n't want to f no ppaent reason but som oer tmes we now xactl what we ae getting io .
Michael had cheated on he and he did it consciously .
There was no way to shine a differet lgh on that ac .
He tried in i mind to go bck to that ment , when hs li wre getting cloe to Jn , to that lst ok befr the embre , to te preious ile .
There as no one else to blame but h .
Regret d been filling up hs sou since lt Friday .
He cou not kep is betrayal insid ny loger , so he went into the living room and told her .
The words coming o of h outh lke a litany , almost mechanicaly , as he realzed that ther was no urning back .
Tears ran don Rachel 's face .
No wrd , not a inle commnt .
She just stood up , tk her pue , nd eft .
The relief of telling her a inantly replaced by a bitter hollowness .
He no realized .
He did n't do it for her , he only did it or hislf , to get id of s budn , but it s fa too le .
ichel closed the oor a knew at hat moent he h mae a mstak .
h eautful Game
Glitz , gamou ad popularty ; three wod which e often linked to t old of ootbal , n this sprt is no doub ne of e finest ht mn has ceted .
The strs playing this ame a to e aready amassed recognition of e spo .
Weknds wld be a dr if match dys were t on televison .
T 90 minutes is the mot enjoyed time of the week thoug , because of the adrenalin rush tha is assoated with erything that is done on te ich .
As a fa , suportng a tem is jut ne part of the ort .
Rivalries , arguments about whic tem is the be team d watching match in a group just dd to he excitemen .
These a jus some of th many tings th mak me ove ti sport so ch .
In the 21 century , adice is somehig that is onl gvn nd that given adie is nevr tke .
ith regard to this spo , y advice , in my oinio , is od advice and I hav just a single piece of advice for someone starting his sport , and that avice would be to enjoy everything relatd to he port .
Nowdys studens need to learn both languae and mathematic until they go to university , even se of the sil need to sty them at university .
A rge number of exaple proe tt some of them are good at nguage wheras oters are skilled at mathematic .
This essay will discus te differeces and imilaritie between eaning a lanuge and leaing mathatics .
The ways of learnng a language and mathematics r different .
For tudyig a language , people need to communicate ith thers to imrove hei paking and listening levels nd ead a varity of foren - language boks to increase teir reading an writing skls .
Furthermore , people ed to hav a gd memory to rmmber a large number of words .
In general , sudyin a language focuses more on a large amot of individul effrt and little talent .
Howeve , for earning mathematics , students need to listen carully in h clas nd nd om ule to sove qestios . Instead of rt leanin , they should rememr different type of formulas by practicing a mass of exampes .
To su up , eachers , skills d tlent e more important for laning mathematics .
Hwever , there re some simlarities betwe ose t subjets .
Firstly , bh those courss need to do a mass of practis , en toug he methods are different .
People need to snd a ue amount of ime on dog exercises fter lss .
Sendly , associabilty is important r both langges nd mhematics .
For exape , whn peop learn a new word or a ormula , the need to think about hw to e it in rl sentenes or xercises .
In conclusion , people need to in te righ way wich can sve a lt of time nd ergy to tudy thse two ubjecs .
It is the most important tin at they should think about carefully before th start thei studies .
Shenzhen - Cina 's lagest migrant city an a eighbor of Hng Kong - is a remarkable place tht I cal hoe .
Most Shnzhen residents come fm diffrent cultral backgrunds ad speak various rgiona ilects .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superdinate Shenzhen identity , hic is haracterized by a culture of openes , tolerance , and creativity .
Our dierences , it eems , do not mk a diffrence .
Howee , when I a young I soon discovered that some dimensions of differee do carry scia significace .
As a cild ho did not play wth " boys ' tos " and idntifie as gy lae , I was ofen subcted to disdain and hotility from peers a adults .
Ironicall , h marginalization comes not ny from society at large , but so om within e gay community .
A feminie ga man is cnsidered as le ta his masculine conterpart , becau eminiity is regarde as eak , unatractiv , an seond - class .
This expriene of aplfied minority stress promte me to hink aout intergroup ad ntragrop iteraction eary in life .
It has ed me to believe tht msculinity hould not be an indicator of inividua worth .
Nr shold sexuality , skin cor , an ther identity markers - whter isibl or inviible .
Anna knew that as going to be a vr peial y f her .
Tha morning she wk up in a vry oo mood .
It was th day of her birthday , so she dided to go t wth fries .
e chose a cosy little restaurant near her house .
Sh did not suspect that it woud be uc a wonderful eving .
As so as Anna and her friends went ito the restaurant , everythng started to go perfecly .
They had al go special clothes and dressed up in olouful , l - shioned drees .
The momn the oo opened s e mst xciing in nna 's ie .
e jumped for joy .
S sid to her frins : ' Tis is the best party ver !
Thank you so uch ! ' .
S tarted to dnce with an lis ok - like , lau n enjy every single minut .
As it uned u latr , to An 's surprise , it ws r boyfriend dreed as Evis .
he was embarrassed that s did t recognise him .
But immeiatey e ralzed that it was oe of e friends ' tricky plans an sh started to auh with hm .
After a few exciin hus of the par s aid thn you to her finds and oyriend d promied se wold never frgt wa the had ne for he .
She went to sleep with he blief tat he was th happiest rl in the worl .
Te Alhambra
The Alhambra is a beautiful palae whi is situated in Grada , in the soth of Spain .
Its historia importance lies in e fact that this place repesents the al of t Muslm kingdom in my country .
h Catholic Monrchs , Isabella d Ferdinad , ad tied f several years to defeat the Musms , h at that tie , only eained seated in t cy of Granada .
The Alhambra Palae w the rsidene of Boabdl , e last Muslim king , who was dfeated in 1492 after delivering Granada to e Cathlic Monarchs .
owadays , his place is one of the mot visitd place here in Spain because of it beauty nd s impessive courtyards .
You ca see te story of te Reconquets in its alls and towers .
ts surroundings a also wnerful , nd the ci invie you to spend more time in h Alhamr , oe of he last uslm alces in the wold .
Hi Paul ,
How e you doin ?
I aven't sen you for almot two onth but , as you kw , in November I had a uniqu opportunity to help at a concert that took lace on an aiport runway d it was a smpl azing experence !
I 'm sr yu nw ha I 'm obsessed with rk music ad tha is wy I could n't ss the boat .
The eent startd at 7 p.m. but a the volunteers who had signed a conrat h to wo fo 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfect duig such events , so we had no tie to relax or eve e a dcent el !
The wle prcess of selling the tickts s fascinating becas of the eman or them .
People looked like aggressive mostes n I realised that thy are clos to kilng their ever single ' rival ' .
Secrity guars ha a lot of work to do but , tank to them , we std a chae of dealing with other robles , such as , for example , regulating e quality of e sound .
I was incredibly overjoyed we te culmination came .
The bn was playin , we were enjoying te music and it seemed ht there would be no more cmplcations .
What you actually think at such an etraordinary momet is tt life col n't be or bautifl .
Tae care , Paul .
When u come to my town , we 'll go out to a rock cncert togther ! Ca n't ait !
Wam rgards
Adam
Hi Pul ,
ust a uick answ you request .
I do n't have muh time , because I 'm taing off in 10 minutes to elp at another concert .
So , te deal is , I met is uy , Ron , in the a and we started talking .
After a few drinks , I to h tht I 'm currently looking r a o , nothng big , jus a coup of hur during weekens to make some money fo my journey to th Netherlands .
Remebr , I told yu about it last time , wen we met Jenny .
Anyway , it turned o that e guy orks in this agency , they rgnise ncerts , parties a stuff like that , and he offred me h j !
The perfet n !
It 's literally 10 - 15 hus on Friday nights and Saturdays , stuff ike carrying intrument ( which mns hnging out ih musicians ) , tiing aer ( finding things , like allets and celphons ) ad , geneall speaking , - helping .
Lat week I wrke most t of me with the mnage of Te Kos .
I wet to Krakow and spent all y " planning " thir say in Polad .
In fact , I had to be everyere it the guy , just hanging nd lping hm no to get los in the ty .
He 's a raly ie guy . Durg the concert we a a ew dnks , smoked oe gs together .
I ell y , I meet so ma ople owaays ta I do n't even remember thir names .
Th salry is nc t .
Usually I get 12 PLN per our ( eah , I knw , It 's li 2.50 pods , but here it 's quite good ) but someimes I ge oe xra money for sting after hours or wen I do something nusul to help .
Las te , it was , r example , delivering my runk bo hoe ;)
I have to go w .
Take care and call me on Syp tomorrw - I 'll tell u so muc moe . I have loads of unbelievable tries !
Chees ,
Arek
Peter loked at his watch and knew that he d to do somthin immediately .
He said to iself : Wh ha I dn ?
Why ve I killed h ?
I 'm a hemist , I ca n't kl people because I wat to .
He had to take th man 's body and de it somewhee .
The polie were going to cme at any ti .
He grabbed the od ad t it in te cr 's trunk .
He wnt to his l d shod is artne the dead od .
His partner said : " Man , we have to do something and quick " .
Thy grabe the boy an soaked it in fuel .
Then tey wt to h ed m 's r a put im in there .
Late , when they er su that there a no n ea , he bure the car .
Th kiler 's partner et gity fo a moment , but then the killer told hi : ' He deserved it .
He tried to kill me afer killing lots of other pepe . '
Sadly , e poce found out ht it s them .
Tnks to th fact that t jude 's bet friend had en kled by the an the chemist kild , hey went free and withou d feeling .
A modern interpetation of Asten 's Classic Love Sry
h gloious world of Ja uste is brugh bak to h iler scren in Pide & Pjudice , a 005 British fl ase on the novel of the same tite , published in 11 .
J Wrigt directs hs uplifing adaptation , whih depits h five Benet sisters , wh ave en brought up to get aried .
he enthusiastic and cleer Elizbth stands out among them , triving to put everything in a brader erspective .
Hwevr , eir hole lives will be uned upside dow when an eligible bachelor d is fried set up ome in a narby mansion .
Surprisingly enough , sparks f when spirited Elzabeth ennet ( Kera Knightley ) meets singl , ich , and roud Mr. Darcy ( Mathe Mfadyen ) .
In the end , will each e be ae to overcome teir own rde an prejudice ?
Keira Knightley , in e lead role of Elizabeth Bnet , delives an outstanding performance .
In fact , the film , wll cast from top to bottom , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a set of beautiful Engish locains , as in mny British productions .
In this adaptation , e screenwritr makes ome substantial alerations to the novel .
Tereore , dialogues , setins as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyles are meat to ve it grete pubic aeal , acrficing historical acuray .
Thus , overlapping dialogues are intruced in a mxure of modern idi and archaic seence tructure , seeral scenes hae been shfed to mr romantic settings , and t proximity of te Bennets to ter rurl lif is stressed to llustate their relative poerty in contast wit he rich characters of the tory .
To concude , Pride & Preudice is an mazin adaptatin which cmpletely bewitches ou wit an exquisie bend of emotio and wit .
In ft , in t inal mnute , it mak yo beieve , for on ity - ye oment , in true love and in der eignin in the universe .
By the way , if y have't se this romantic , fnn , well - ated n wel - scripted fil e ; give it a r !
Dr S / adam ,
I am writig in orer to apply for the position in your Flm Club for sudents of English .
I am a 45-ea - old an and I he pley of exerience of working ith people .
I used to rk wt yong people in primary and scondar schools , teacing pnish language .
Although I still have t passed e C eam , I am currently orking hr to aceve that oal ver soon .
bove ll , I am interested in films .
Science iction a my favourite type of ilm because I like to leave behind normal lfe . Nevertheless , I enjoy a kind of films suc as comedies , thrilrs , westerns , horror ils and even silen flms .
I think I am right for the position ecaue I thik I ca boost the motivation of ople about movies nd push tem to share heir partculr point of vie .
As far as the jb is concerned , working on Monday and Wednesday evening woud be perfct r me because I am urretly unemployed .
Pease feel ee to as for furter informaton if you need it .
I lo foard to hearng from you ey oo .
Yours faithfully ,
Jua
Dear Jes ,
Than y for acepting our invation to ive a talk at r club .
Ou lu mmbers are thrilled to know tat an international sorts tar like you is coming to s hem .
In reference to th speec date , the best would be Jn 12 , in the eening , when all te members will hv finished their classes at chool .
The chdren re aged betee en a sixteen and te noy plaing football an swimming .
I 'm sur we 'll al joy ou speech .
What about tlkig about fair play in sport nd how to becme a sports star ?
We believe th fai play is a er imortant topic , because chldren must len to behave roperly en playig a sport .
Al , we think that ecomig a sports star is diffcult nd it wod be a good dea to talk about it , bease some of the club members wrongly think it is asy to sucee at paying a sport .
ookng forward to seeing o on 12 ue .
Kind regars ,
Jn
I ove to wite .
It is a mthod I use to rex , unwind n revive myse .
Our ind is alway full of touhts .
Som of these thoghts ake us smie , om mk us frown .
Bu all tese are adressed thugh ritng .
Wriing should be done naturally ; nl hen it ervs is real urpose .
I have written my poems , a f rticles and even a ew sories .
It is crtanly a pleasur to write and ls to ea wt I have writn , after a lon time .
My imes , reading my own poems d articles is a surprising xpeience . "
Am I the sam persn wo wre this ?
" I as myself , odering how I came up wit so ida an words ha seem jus so good nd uncomon rght o .
Othe ta yself , I have h few eple read wht I hae riten ; vr e , I must say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; and they were not critics or experts .
So , I ave yet to sumit myself to some serious criticsm ( el , calig my writings literatre is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but yes , I would like to pae my wtten woks ( hwever mal and ew they may be)o qlitative discussion in front of peope who raly can identify the oo and the ' ot - so - goo ' writing .
I would le to et god advice abut h I cn ak myse a better wrie .
Let 's se wh and w tha appen ... !
It 's ry comn to hear pople talking about friendshp , b are we ue about h rea meaing of it ?
Do we know what it men to be a fried ?
Firtly , we ugt to conside ha riendship is n uiquely a huan eotion .
Friendship is overall an at of wil .
Friendship is a type of love which is characterized by ing unconitional , reciprocal , and ready to forgie ch oter .
A find is a teasure , as in h title of that aenture - comey film , sobody u can share or problems with .
Sombdy wh listens to you talking bout your drems an wises , yu expectations and your effort and sacrifices to gt them , your plan for the futre , n moreover , ay spcial attention in time of crisis .
This is y th members of my famiy a my bet friends .
My famil loves me whtver I tink or whaever I do , no tter if it is correct or t .
Thy ove me just bause I am me , f who I am .
They ae alays going to tell me th truth althugh ti trth culd hurt me , bcaue they alays wnt me to be happy .
Fnally , he wan me of danger b te t me do oething , even if in the e I make a big mistake . The wl always keep loe to me and nn of hem ould fal me .
They feel hppy wen I am happy , they are sad whe I am sad , they ejo my scess .
They a , definitely , my bet friends .
Th painting is an amzng e and one shud defnitly ak a look at it in orer to appreciate its full bauty .
he Mon isa is perhap Leonado DaVinci 's most famous of paining .
It is an oil pnting , painted on popla woo .
The paintig is mot famous for he smil of the woman , which people hae ben trying to dciphe for a long ti .
Mny believe ta the portrai is that of DaVinci himself , while man lo see a lt ystical conection in this painting .
T portrait epicts a woman 's hd nd shouders , with a distan lanscape hat is visible in the backdrop .
Leonrdo se a pyamid design to situate the oma in a simle nd alm manner within h painting .
T woman is own it h hands folded , with h breast , nk , and fe painted h same color as her hds .
h light is diffused so that the vaios urves and geoetrical shapes in the paintig are made visibe throuh it .
Perhaps the most intresting thig aout the pinting is th wmn 's smile .
My believe tht it is inocent and invtig , while others believe it is that of smugness n is a mir .
Man scintifi studies have been uneraken to determine th act natre of th smile and t real reon remains a mystery .
It is believed that every person sees the smile differently because of te chanes in the lightn tha Leonrdo presented .
e woman is shown seated in an open are , nd behind her is a vast lndscae , hic recedes to an icy mountin .
oe indig paths ad a faraay bridge is als prcptible in th background .
he painng is an amzig one and ne should defitely ake a look at it in orde to apreciae i full bauty .
h painting is currently on splay at te Musee du Lovre , in Paris .
Ovr the past e years , the Internet hs beme an imortnt part of or lives .
We use it to communicate with friends , to play gmes , to wath series , the ls is eness .
nfortnately , it is not pefet .
Because the mor people use the Inernet , the greter the chances are of people misusing it .
Luckily , h government itervenes to presere te sfety of the Internet .
What it cme wn to is , should the Internet be more tightly controlled by governments ?
Wtout the interention of the government , criminals ay see their chances to take advantage of nternt users .
ey could et no our comuter ad steal our inforaion .
The col use tat information to get into our ban accounts and steal u mny .
However , if the government wr to mnitor e citizens ' actions more closel , it would be considered an invasio of r priay .
body wants to ae hir private data xposed to h eyes of e gvernmnt .
This brig me to the nx issue .
The reason why e government even take action is to ensure peopl e ble to enoy h iternt , but a me tightly controlled internet would destroy that purpose .
Everybody lkes to he e freeom to expre he interet .
So they ould not apreiate it if there re uddely restrictions put on the .
To sum hins up , te government should o ontrol the itenet ore tightly .
It is ine the w it is ght now .
Tht way , mot of the trobe ould be kept aay from e ntrnet whl , at the same tie , the inrnet users would still av the fredom to explore t web .
Ar people bor ilent or do they become violent because of how they are broht up ?
o i we becoe the person we a ?
Is there sometin that mae us uique ?
Is it the ges we a brn with ?
Or ae we a prouct of ur own lvs ?
It is ler that ges play a very important part in h ersn we are .
Fmily haractristics such as e ad air colour are inrited by children from eir parnts as are me diseases and menta disrders .
Therefore , what we ne to consider is whethe our personality ad personal skills ar born or made .
ose who ol that nature s a stronger iluence than nurtue on deeloping our pesonal idetity wll claim that certain pesonlity traits re also deterined by r gen .
evertheles , identcal tis that wee separatd wn they were very young and hv been raised in dfferen environments how diferences in heir personalities .
Ths provides evidence tat life experiences an the surroundings were you grow up hv defined th kind of person you a today .
Regaring personal skils , there e a large number of caes in which chidren wee born gfted fr the sm fild as thei parents havng great potetil or a secific at or sciene from ear childhood .
Howver , ture does n't always endow us th inborn abiliis .
For instance , parets tend to instil ter on passio in thr children and , consequently , te wll lkely be interestd in th same academic or rtistic feld .
ccoding to this fac , parets often sape tei children 's lives by ncouragin them to follw in their footsteps .
Likeie , soe peol p their success in lfe mre down to thei prents ' trainig than to their innate talets .
So , to conclude , we wuld have to argue tt bot nature and urure make us w we are .
As I ee it , peroal identty is e result of the interacon of our genetic tructure ad the environment wih surrounds us .
The problem is hw to separae tes two influences and how to nd out whih is he strongest in each ase .
Dear Ira !
Taks a lot for yor leter .
It a fn to read as alays .
ou w friends seem to be crz guys . In a good way , of course .
I was so surprised to ar you sind up r a new interior design course because it 's such a coincidence th I 'm plnnng to do sometig wt my bedroom in e near future .
As I 've got some tra mne at last , I thin It 's high me for me to thnk aou o to make it cozy and comfortable .
I hoe o do n't mind if I as you some questions .
First , I am thinking about inting te walls in warm colrs ( apricot , almo pink or wam bei ) . I thought yo might add some oe inteestng colors to t lt .
Do you think a wall mural is a good decision for he bedroom an what the " special effct " would yo recmmend ?
I comletey rely on your tast , as we 've always been on the sme wavelength .
Now , the toughest questions . I 've got no idea what to do th he ceiling .
The id of aiting it wie seems to boring to me and I 'm comltely u of my depth with all this new tuf o ceiling in shos , but I 'm ure yo 're an expr !
h flor is also a problem .
I nt it to look eautiful , be asy to wash and not xpesive at the same tie .
I 'm wonderig what o would suggest .
I ho I 'm not botherin yu o much wt my reecoation , knowing hw us you are .
Ca n't wai to har what ou 've een up to this weekend .
l the et
atasa
CONVENIENCE IS NO THE MST IPORTNT THING
Nowadays , every e of us traves a ot .
We do hat for ok or to ially have a res .
I , as a young woman , usall tral ju as a hobby .
Since technology has iproed in rcen years , we now ave a huge varety of different ay to travel .
Is it possible to chos hih one is the best ?
Th os common swer would proaby be he lan .
There are so man adantage .
It is the fsest an the most cmfortable oe .
Of coure , for these facilities you have to pay a t of mone a tha could be a prblem o sme people .
The next ne is oa .
It could also be raly cmfortble u we do n't s it ote .
It 's ore for extc trips .
Travelling on a boat is a grea venture for sure .
u there is as an inconvenienc - it is aso expensive .
And it is hd to pl a trip like hi .
What aout te ain then ?
This is the es oton for me .
In my country , rain e n't relly fs and there could be probles uring h trip , but that , for me , aes it re interesting .
uring the rip y can do many thins - fr seeping to meeting new people n having fn .
It is ao quite safe , so yu do n't hae to wrr about acidets .
I wish I oul travel evy dy .
A tri is an adventure d he ways y can tael are a ig part of it .
Eve tough any moe of transportation is not b , for me the train is te best option .
Ba in 21 , I travled from Porto Alegre to o alo by car , a journey tht took 18 ours driig on - sto . Surey very ew people woul consider it convniet ?
rs are handy n riving cn be pleant , t only when t driver is in a good mood , with no tafic jams or craters on t rd ( really common situations in Brazil ) .
Since ancient imes , public transprt has existed , n it suffered umerou assassination attempts . In China , for examp , h dnasy Yuan prohibite public rasport ( at that time , chariots ) because of fea tt Ha peopl could plot n rio against t Mngol 's dictatrship on it ; e situation was reversd in an arly socialist egie whn , in 1960 , Mao nsidered personal cars an instrument of oppressio n syml of deilih cpitalim .
Of ourse , none of the radical measus last lng against the ery basic humn instic : laznss .
We have cars so we do n't have to walk . In te same w , people who ca n't affrd a car il ant public transport , even if a bk could be the solution .
Convenience ha litle to do with the fate of publ transport . Cunties with ig DI ( convenience to be driers ) , like Grmany n Englan , are thse wih better public transport systems , and hy are even bostng tm .
Unless sm extraodinary mutation happen an hanges us into laor - loes , personal cars and public transrt il rule side by sd or a terniy .
US UMMER CAMP APPLICATION .
Hi ! My name is Alexia , I am twety - three years o ad I live in Argentina .
I am a lawr a I ov to trave .
I pay hocy nd bskeball , t sports tat are simply perfect .
I have been laring English fr a while , I am a sensitive a positive erson , full of energy a illng to ave e adventure .
I hae expeience of takin care of childen and it is a tsk tha I reay ejo .
What I like he st about eing it young children is the energy tha they have and how innocent and peaeful they ca be .
I think I might be a siable eron o the o becase I av already workd ith kds , espcially tachin and having fu .
As I have already sa , I pl sorts , and tat is why I culd be elpfl at organiing sprs d evenng activtes .
An las but no lst , I am an excellent oo .
I lened hw to oo whe I w eight , so I am pretty onfident a wel prepared .
Actually , my amil is huge so I can oo large mouts of od with my on rcips hih a tasty n quick in order to feed al t kids in a tce .
If ou hire me y wo n't regret it .
Your Fithfully , Alexia .
e diagram vvidly show us te procss of making banking notes .
e proce an be divided into three stages .
bov all , it 's a signficant stp to make a good esign , in whic background colour , arwrk and security e the ma considerations .
Th comes e preparatin of metal plas and tha needs kiled achiniss .
Only aft al the work above is ompleted an t printing ep be arrie out .
The second section is printing .
ac sheet contains 50 bank notes .
There may be several lours on bth sides of bank ntes .
To ke ur of he printin effect , special n h to be used .
In additon , the mges can be slightly raised .
Aftr printing , thre is a lt me work to be don .
The most important step is mual inspection .
After hat , od quality sees d bank ots a searted from partially amage shes and wi be packae and distributed .
Bd sets an ba otes il be secrely detroye .
Introduction :
The im of this report is to gv so information about the range of excitng ctivitis tha eple can do in ou ara .
ater spots :
hre are os of pacs where yu can do water sport ke sca diving , windsufin , surfing , go on a banana bus , kayakng … Th Costa Brava is h perfect plce to do wte spts becase tre is a lot of wid and good weatr .
Winter sports :
In winter u n go siing or snowoarding in the Pirineus .
Tese are near to Frace ad Andorra .
There are ots of ski resorts with god ski slopes of different levs wih different colous , t greens re h easiest and blacks r he mst dfficult .
Monteó :
In Ctalnia thee is an iprtant rc trak where t cars of Formul 1 ra .
When thre is n't y race , o can go and t differnt rcng cars or if you nt you can go nd rce a ike on he race track .
Conlusion :
To sum up , I thik that if you wn to do excitin sports , Catalnia is a go place hre you an find lo of diffent spor and you can chooe what to do , bt if you do n't wnt to do prts you can do other actvitis or go to interesting plcs .
Michael had already woken up we h mthr 's alarm ock started rigin .
He got up as qietl as he cul and waited until he stpped hearing his mthe talking to herse , which meant e had heae to the kitchen .
Michael new his moter had laned on akig a cake .
He d ner th do , where he could wath for a chance to r the ram without bing notie .
He wait for ha seemed li an eterniy until he saw e leaving the kitchen with Michael 's ater 's breakfast .
It was is cace .
' I must keep an ye on he door ' he muttered as he entered . '
If she find out I s here , e 'll kill me ' .
ichel ried e cream ad touht hat his mother would n't notie it if he e another bit . '
fte al , wat I had was so infinitesial tat I could barely taste it . '
Before he cod notice , he ceam was l gone .
It wa te to cape , even though his mher wol find out who ate it vetually .
Michael closed he oor a knew at that moment he d made a mistake .
Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The secon cofrontaton
Tha igh , t tm lw by , b things started to get wei . Marus was talking wt an Autralian gy about the proofs at he had foud reated to dinosaurs . He a interested in them , bu Marcus d n't like his point of view about tose secies . The guy tld i ty were ba creatures with no feelings , a Maus hought they we awesome a the most love creatures he ha eve hear abut . The guy thouht Marcus as craz , so he fld the Fedral Palace .
Meanwhie , Mark and ichel wer takng ih Russian ladies . They ere beautiful n flawless . Te scietits started tlkin aout science an tt sort of thng , and uddenl t ladies vanished . T e started houting .
Jack was rguing with an oficer about h Mexico conqust ( the officer dd n't ndersand anythig becue ck as drunk ) , ad suddenly , h officer took of hi costue and a strane ak , and at tht moment … Jac as stonished beaue the ofier s n an officer , he was Bra !
ac tried to confront im , but as oo as he tried to do hat , he snapped h fingers and a lt of people ame round hi . He hd a new am . He decided to na them " The KM-3J " , a villains team , thei names we Krolna ( h ecided to chan her nae to that becus he used to say tat that lete was her favoite one ) , Melanie , iey ( the ee boh wins , t most eautiful ladis in th wrl ) , M , who as an expert in the mitary field , and Brad Rowley J. , noboy had knon his last name until hat momt : Juno . He was barrassed about it , he ws the ffsping of a weird woan , but he was his mother .
h KM-3J u ack into an immee a . he were planning to kill him d pace i dead body in a grv . In tat way , their friends wul nd m buried . But they were ot that evil , the ust ut him ito a drk room d tie his hands to a chair . It wa xatly th same thig he hd reamd about .
hle Jck wa her , he hear ra takng with x about thei n plan . It was related to a gigantic weapon tat would shoot toxic waste at New York City , so in th way , everyody would bcom a zombie .
The buk of the population of Nw York was homeless because there had ust bn a horrible a beween New Yor City an Califori , but , increasingly refne body technlogies alowd New York to w h w .
ak was frightened , b uddeny he her te oor opeing and saw her friends rescuing him . They had usd some weapons from Te Kng of the Sy . They got ino the room ad started shooting while Michael was untyng Jack from the cha . Accidentally , Mark kied Miley while he was shooting . ll r ody prt were scattered on the floor . He did n't care about that nd le with he other .
Ja finted whil thi friend were rscuig im .
Whn hey arrived at e mainland , Jac woke up . hee wa n't anyne around h , there was jst sand and e bah …
Comfo , ti ad interal pae ae required to ae learning efficient .
enc , it is no possible to do a j an tudy side by sde .
Work and education disturb one nother .
I strongly oppse ths statement ecause handling bot these together is easily possible wih strong willpower .
I wi elabrate on points to suppt my opinin in the followng pararaphs .
Firstly , there r a lt of pepl in estern ountries , who do par - time sdy ad work ull - tim or vice - versa .
It all depends on t preference of the individuals .
If tey want to ea so hassle n become moe poductive in their li , ey can manage bth things side by de .
This ot oy makes thm knowledgeable u incrass hir potetial as wll .
Secondly , thee are a e prets who an not bear te xpnse of tir child 's educion .
As a result , he put their cildrn ito some job so ht te n rn money o the aily .
B it ds not mean that the child has to abandon hs dam of acquiring an euction .
it fr determination , tey ca contiue their educaton and ok to feed their fmiy as wl .
Fialy , sometimes people thk they have completed teir ducatio , but when they t a full - time j , they alize th a diplo or degree can increase teir chances of promotion .
Moreovr , some emloyers select the otental employee from colees while they are studying nd pay for their Masters or Avanced Diplomas becase they se her profit in that ivestent .
Hence , studying and working sid by si helps candidates to grw profesionally .
In oncluson , working d stding is very uh possile .
It just depends on te dedication nd dtermiation of the persn .
eople shoul do both sudy ad or sid by ide to make themselves more skilled an capable .
March 21st , 00
s Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepr Cafe
ar Mrs Ashby ,
I wte to you to express my inrest in applying o the wekend worker job tha was posted on you cafe dr .
I believe I am a good fit fo th job since I he previous expience workig in similar jobs .
I am goo at dealng wih pople .
I emonstrated a courous d proessional attitde a achieved a high rating in the custoer stifaction survy .
I am as interested in differnt ins of fod and differet cuisines .
I am prered to wok long hous n tak shifts lat in the eenng sine I live earby .
Moreover , I ae taining in he field of cstomer srvce since I finished a customer service training course at erge hite College .
I accept eedback from peer and management nd improve my performance .
I am als a quick learr ad adpt well to different worin environmens .
Please find my resume attached to this letter .
Tank o for your time and consideration of my resume nd I lok forward to speaig wh yo .
Sincrey yours ,
Tom
How did this hppen ?
ow n I be here at D'el Arte aring a su an ti with my beautiful wie ?
h a had n't en planne to e wh a date night .
Then it a daed on me .
I 'd ben set up .
Dped , so to spea , ino ti unliky event ; a ate nigt .
Her plan ws so clever nd deceptive as to escap dtectio unti the last rd d been paed .
Oh , my wi is clever .
hen exactly did th deception begin ?
W it at the paty which sted until 3 am the night bfore ?
Was it the invitaion to a wedig three wes ago ?
o fa back cld it possibly go ?
When as this seed planted in my wife 's brain to ve a date niht wi me al dressed up and formal ?
So mn twists and trs . h plyed er cad well . I nvr suspectd , while sittn in the ew ext to my wife , tht , wen sh leaned forwad with a pained xpression on her ac , h eveng woul end at D'el Arte .
Nor when h condion appead to worsen a I dcided to go get the car to ke her to t doctor 's surgery . r when I returned to nd her lyi on te ld hard stone flo of the church , oul I have evr imained we oul be enjoying a uie evening gether saing entrees an esserts .
N coud I have conceived , ate haing muliple peopl help ll he bulance , which neve came , or the riens wh called my in - law to ce take are of e ids , that we wud be eating a wonderful pzza by th e of he evening .
No , on of tee things would have prepared me for the relief I would feel , after witig 4 hurs in the mergenc ro , hat er pns ere probably nly intercostal muscle pains and the tests o something mre serous were all neaive .
Honestl dear , next te just ask me .
I 'll say s .
Da Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writi as in rsponse to an adertisement fr a b in th USA .
I am fourteen ars l and iteested in hs job and believe I have h qualifications .
I hin I uld be sutable f is job , bcause I am yug , enegeic , enthusiastic a have alas enjoyed working with childn .
I can pek English , nce I sd to vcaion in Austrlia as a chd .
I would be helpfl in he itche as I ue to work part - time in my ucle 's restaurant .
I gr up with to younger brothers and used to look ate thm . Therefore , I am used to dalig ih ounger kds .
I can al ep organise y activity , as I hve prvously wrke in a smmr ap in my tow with children etwen e ages of si n e yar old .
In my opino , this job would be a geat , sefl experience .
I oe you consider my aplication and look forwr to hearing from u soon .
ous fahfully ,
asse L.
Da Sir / aam ,
I ave ust en yor advertisement or a jo in your summer caps .
I 'm Antono Trevisano de Bruno , a 15-yer - od Itlia teenager , and I have studied Enlis sinc I wa 7 .
I 'm still improvin my English skills it a Canadian teaher .
I am a really spot person a I think I migh be th person wo o are looki for because I 'm rell capale and patient with children .
In fact , I have been helping in ummer camps in Itl for 3 years .
So , I do n't find it ifficlt to organize competitios or ctivities for children .
I 'm a realy cheerful person d , thugh I am 15 , I keep up with the kids ' world .
I tink it shuld be asy for me to help in te kitchens because I a coo very well .
This is h experience whic I 've been waitin fr r gs !
Pleas do n't hestte to conta me ! I 'm really lokig orward to our rel .
Yours faithfully
Antonio Trevisano del uno
First of al , I think , to say young , o need a goal in ife .
I alredy d ie as a teenager .
In my ees , I a fascinated by plaes .
My goal , I dided en , was to becm a iot when I gew up .
I av awas ted to liv fr te future and not fet about the past .
Ths has helpd ep me youg .
Beides we all he our loe alls in life in e a or another .
Lk the one I had in 126 ad al bcaue of a prachute .
It was a ogg Janua morning and I had one to new my pilot 's licence .
e eathe report said e ceiling ws at 0 metes .
B at 6 metr , I was stll srrounded by hav fg .
Suddenly , my plne egn to ac up . I as losing control .
I en he plane to a deep dive and lnde sfely .
I loed at the plane ad realize I had orgoten to ie te paracut cord to th plane .
hank God I had n't jume or I wold ve been a ' dead duck ' fr sure !
My name is Bridet Payne , a I 'm 15 ears old .
I ve taking ae of kid .
My mom a a kindergarten and I love elpin er t .
ery smmer I help on my m 's summer amp , ut it 's a ummer cap for babie and I would lik to ork with older children , bcase I think it 's more challenging . I wol love to work at any lac across the US .
I 'm a hr orkr ad I always love finishing something that I started .
I always mak sr to get wat I wn and I do n't top until I get it .
I am also very nergetic , playful and creatie .
I am ry good at rtstic ings , such as , drawing , paintig , cooking , dncing and a lot of other things .
I ho to get tis job because I av bn wanting it fr a ey long time .
I would be very happy to et it .
Regards ,
ridget ane
ear Paul ,
Lst month , as o may no , I wa a volunteer on the occasion of my favourte band 's concert in Katowice .
It was ju a miracle - it had turned ou that the bad 's aager w my good d rend , Daniel , and he asked me fo hep wh he foun ou I s a big fn of the grou .
Although the ok w trul emandin and lstd o quite a whl , I st a I reall enjoyed it .
Firtly , I a to be involed in it a month before h event started .
I ws asked to give sme informaton about the concert to local pbs , retaurants etc . ,
so I ws hadng out leaflets everhere .
By the time the vet was due to ta place , I a to take over h ad 's equipment .
I had to move it fm place to plce lon with he bos ro te gro .
One thin led to another and we ede up havng a ee n lauhng in a pb .
Eventualy h concert am off ju pefecly !
Lots of popl showe up , everybdy h fun and te best hig in the musical exerince is tat you can mae riend wih fmous eple and those who you admie and ol see on TV .
If you ever have an opportunity to help at ts kind of evnt , I recommend it to you om t bottom of my heart !
Looking forwa to hearing from yo .
ours sincerely ,
Patrycja .
Da ohann ,
I 'm vey hpy to hear from you sie we have both ben quite busy thes dy wh the xams .
It 's a iy hat yu ave to choose between e activities that you love th mot , bt I guss that ie is full of choes .
If I were you , I wul give up musc and I am gin to explain y .
Yu hve always wanted to be a policewoman ( nless y ae rcentl changed ou id ) so you us be very i , sie you ne to pass the physical tests , which are very demandig , according to my moter .
Sport is something essentia to achieving this gol and you can always pratise muic at hom whn ou have some free tie ( yes , I knw tat it happens once in a be mn ) .
Also , you wot to me ha you have stared to give guitar lessons , so you ae o going to be iolated from music n it will go on layin an important re in you lfe .
So I ink you sould n't be upset bease nw is a difficul perod , I know , but it pass and we can ge ack our lives hn we go to university .
My ousin , who is studying English Literature , told me tat you have much more freedom hn u start unversty , so do n't woy !
I hope y write to me en you have ade th fil decision . I lo frward to earing from u .
James ahner 's The Maze Rner , joins The Hunger Games d Divergt as th latet uturistic Young ult trller to gt its o ilm franchie .
The aze Runner maages to eel remarkably fresh .
It 's uchy , tense and , crucially , riginal .
e ok opens with a o .
He n remember his name , Thomas , b that 's al he can rmemer : eveything imprtat s been wiped len .
He fds himslf in " he Glade " , a farmsted ad a camp at the cenre of a towering stone maze .
A group of teenages , l ale , have ae a makehft life for hemelves her .
Le homs , none of them have y real memories of their previous lives , although there 's a arey spoken , orrific suggesion tt the lives they 've cme ro ight hve een even wse han he ones te 're livg now .
At nig , the maze rinds hut .
Vicios monters known as Grievers pro t twist a turn .
he priority r the boys is to urvve , and to find a way u of the maze .
Language itself ao becomes vtally important : e boy s ' speech is eppred wth made - up words tat highlight th isolation .
The book ends with a devastating fal wist .
The oldest memory of u reltionshi is a short skirt nd soe crocodiles .
To perfect stigms or a man nd a wan in genera .
The task is unambigus and seemingl easy . I should be abl to descrie my view of an American man and his behavior becaue of my experiene as an adult , a woman , a ife , a mthr nd , siply , a hman eig with vrios roe in le wo has been happy a million tmes and uhapy a illio times .
owevr , I am o - Americn and I live wit a a who surprises me eey d in a positive and lso in a negative way . I can not describe my own husband .
Is it really possible to decrbe a an at l ?
No . I thnk th I c depict th one American ma within a cetain erio of ti , but it is impossile to write he truth , ice I have ever see hm face - to - face . I cn rite subecively an my oservaions of i thoug the Internet wil be disored by my own life , experience and te surroundings I live in .
L me intodce o Ameran I mad friend wi on Facebook .
is name is le .
A tyical Amerian nme , rig ?
owever , he is not typical .
He is special .
I like his sense of humor , ecause he is able to make me smi .
His sesitivit is isibe hough his crefully cose words , an is decency in i grammatically corect sntenes .
I are his imagination becuse he is be to take o away on a cloud to a never - never land .
He is wise and bra , becuse he as not scard to teah me , although he is no a teaher .
But ha abt those skes an guns in his otos ?
old I be abl to overcoe my own phobias d be air ?
And what abou tse op - earted quots , love ong an poti opiion he shres on his al ?
Is he a romatic n a killer in one ?
He is a man suck in a generation where yalty is just a ttoo , love is jt a qote and lyng is th nw trut .
He is a man a I am a womn who lve in h wrld , in ich the mn weas a short skirt an the womn is as tough as a crocodile .
He alwys writes getl words , ues cute smiys , Faebook kisses and hugs , ut hen I s him in what way he ovs me , he answers " as a Christian " .
Wll , it 's all rig .
I 'm relieve .
However , th woman nside of me souts : Wh ?
He des not lve me as a wom !
How come ?
I woud ie to point t another of hs attibtes , which is his pride .
Wen I aked hi if he a read he book T Lttle Pine by Exupéry because I was felin ik a fox , he sed me in an offended manner , if I ke Larry , e comedian .
Ke is really rud , but so re l men .
I do n't believe in friendship between a ma and a woman .
There will alas be some knd of spark , either alluring or repulsing .
The next thn I ke but him is tt he never pushes me io anthin .
If I wt to sleep , he stops s wn iagnation to let me relax a est .
So , he is houhtful .
I must be honest for a whil .
He aroused my own enslaved desires .
I ve lwys wated to f , to trave , to ain , to write d to love .
And I am lt to ve withot any upport .
He ased me to observe im for a ek .
Howeve , I am scared a b of the consequences of this secret adventure .
Wt if it breaks me dwn ?
I mean wa if he tames me like a fox ?
He is a nter .
ll n are .
In t followig stion I will write abou is sexualty ad ealng with an argumnt .
It w esy to dw m nto t love ffair or to make m horn , bu it as quite ifficut to start an arment wth him . I think that he is a oo wrter becaus he is able to describe hs sxul reams d thoughts in a lively y ad viidly .
Howeve , ask him a question abut his re life nd he wil give you a on - word aswer .
hs cold hadl saisfy an rdinay uestioner lk me , n only an interviee from a daily newspaper .
I believ he is tender and cring , but impatient and clumsy at th sme time .
He forgets everything wn he plunges into his Neveland .
No atter wha yo write , he follows h own lust .
On h oer hand , he is disipline , becuse he is able to op with hs imagery at ce .
He is cute , anyway .
As I wrote bfoe , it a n ht easy to ave an arguet wit h .
I tri to us different strateic inputs that could hel me to argu . or example : you re toally unntereted in eading bteen t lines ! You never listen to me ! I even caled im a lummox n a stumblebum .
He ju kept uet and bgged me to sto .
He di his est to calm me dow .
I s imrssed and I find is a gd featr of h peronality .
Ysterdy , I wanted him to ell me the tor of his ife .
He went ith h trip from California to Texas and hn to Phoenix .
If y like advenurers , wll , he is te right an for you .
Sport is a pa of men . I should no ypas this isue .
So , I skd him ht hs favourite sport was .
He likes basebll , b he does ot pla baseball actively .
He likes wathing it .
He activly os hkng , hunting an camp riding .
T eek has assd , so we are at the ed of this adventure course .
Kyle is a strong and charismatc indivial an he vales i privacy a lot .
nestly , I askd myself , if I would like to be his fuur ife .
I pnered this many times .
d urely , I would .
Howevr , I am n tht crazy as to marry a man wom I do n know in ral lif .
But I do lik him nd I oved the orse .
It srely tght me a t d enriched my whole life .
Thank yo , Kyle .
In the e , I wuld like to dd a quoation by Fra Marc .
I do n ow ho ranz Mrc is .
u I identy with is ew of male ad female relationshps .
" Blu is he male rincple , stern and spiritual .
Yellow is the femal principle , gtle , cheerful and sensual .
Red is mter , ruta and heavy ad lways h cour whih must be fought ad vanqished by he oter tw . "
To : Te Chairperson
From : Tedora stescu , Ronian stuent
Subject : Loal Environmental Protection
Dat : 13h September 01
Purpose
As reqestd , this is a repot concerning the environmental conditions in my town .
The information blow evaluates h chief masure take agans pollutin d environmental damge as wel as th ppulation 's interest n volvement in the optimm prservtion of the ra .
Recyclig
Through a series of progrmme a evens ogansed by local voluntary organisations , oth dults n chdren are nstructed aut h importance of wase reduction ad recycling .
Therefore , in t st few eas there s ben a rea improvement in raisn awareness and commitment amon an increasngy large ector of the populato as far as he seectve collection of hosehold reuse is concned .
Tis is clearly illustraed by the rowng number of recycling faclities te resdents of our tow have at their disposal .
Public Trnsport
Since exhaust fumes re considerd to be ne of he majr pollutants nowadays , th local auorities are doin eerything in their owr in order to encouage citizens to travel more by means of publi transport , to the dtriment of th ubiquitous private cars .
Consequtly , there ar buses whic un at shot inervals on various rute , so that people c rrve at their destnations rapidly and conveniently .
Ufortunatey , onl a liited mber of people ar willing to leae their comor one for e ak of the comunity , thu making pollution cause by heavy raffic a remining ad inextricable probe of ur society .
ublic Cleaning Srvies
Ou loal pulic cleaning service re rsponsibe n only for te effiient remval , storage , colectio n transorttion of waste materal , but also for t maintenane ad good re of natural aas n reen sces wihin our communiy .
The sole purpose of their actity is to kep ou ton clean and neat , ming it an aealing ad pleaurable pac to lie .
Cnlusion
akin everything in consieration , it woud be air to conclude tat there are numeous ays in wic one can protec the environment an tk care of the area in which we ride .
Hweve , as with all issues peset wihi society , a dual commitent from the citzens a the authorities should be regarded as a k factr .
ed fie ants originatd in Brazil .
Fire ants ar very aggresive .
he oen arm on thei prey swiftly and tng repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we disturb a ir at nst , te wll relentlessly ing us , injctin poison into or ody .
he sting could be fat if we have an allergy .
Even if we do n't , t tinging will cause a buning senation , swelling and te a bliser at he point of sting .
In mild cases , e sting causes itching .
In sever cases , it causes nusa , vmiting or dizziness .
In the US , millions of pepl are stung annually and som ave died from eir ijuries .
Fire ants theaen more ta humn health .
In infested areas , they injure livestock , pets n wildlife , n damage crps , ants , electrical equipment , a irrgation systems .
We should u pesticde reatmets to reduce their umbers .
Ther ill be seerl inventions in t next years .
Nowadays we ca n't predit he a of future devices thogh I gss tat they wil be mainly related to eradicang curre illnesses .
ncer , or instance , is surely one of h preferences fo h comanies tht inet arge amouns of mey in R&D.
Moreover , it is a pofitabl task if the invent new medications to help pepl suffering frm that illness .
Peronall , I consider curing cancer te most allenging oa o e next generation of researchers d ventors .
Alhouh I advocate new remeies r ancer , I tin hat there is another problem in he old hat socety should fou on .
It does not fit in rich countri beaus it concerns poor countries .
It is usually frgotten bcaue it barely afects or daily rouine .
However , when we talk about hunger we must regard it as the main problem of th orld .
ht is e reason h I have ee thinking for a long time about a new devce to eradicate starvtio .
It is o cmpletel developd b I c advace so ideas out i dein .
It conists of a il where we blend los of difeent elements .
Alogether they povde te nutrients to oer the needs of fedng one eson in one day .
Manufacturing ost are not expensive ad thee pills do not xpire .
hy c be conserve r a lon tme and shipping costs re very low .
I consder that it could contribute to feeding ay eople ad it could definitely pt an end to the most nfir proble of hs world .
IFE IS BEAUTIFUL
hee must be something vey special about a movie when , after the hir tme , you 're still leaving h cinema thinig " I have to see it again " .
That 's only happened to me on , ad the lm wa Life is Beautiful .
Starring Italn comic Roberto Begini ( h als rot d directe the movi ) in h main rol of Guido , this lfe - ffirming trag - comd is about a Jewish aher tryig to shield hs oun son from the horrors of Nazism in the Italy of Mussolini .
To achieve this , Gid reate an imginay game for his cild once they ar deprted to a concentration camp .
He tells e y tht thy are cometng wih thers to w a ank , so the litte Guiosué doe n't realise what is realy ging on aound him .
The strength of he movie relies on te goofy , loving , eccentric chracte layed by Begnni , his exeptional comic tale n hi ability as a director to eal with such a delicae topic as Nazim whil anaging to rive thrugh a hck ine between coedy a daa .
The Origial soundtrack created by Nicola Piovanni is also a beautfu , delicate addition to his materpece .
Lif is beautiful was the ripient of numeou awards , including three Oscars or es foregn pictre , best actor and best oriial rmatic ore .
What strik me mre is hat , despite h fct hat it 's set on te ve of te II wrld war , the film is n't really about the holocaust u is a bittersweet fbe but uman courage , ove and hope .
If you havn't seen it already , which I doubt , I highly rommend it ; it will mak o aug ot loud but so along e way you 'll find youself covered in tears , I guarant .
Football , to me , is mo than jus a ame .
I hae learned a t of tings fr it .
When I joined te freman year tem , I i n't realize what I ws getting into .
Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork n sportsmanship to be successfl .
We rked all summer in h weight oo d rn on te track to get in physical and menta shae before te seson .
ou see , footbll is mre of a menta por than anything else , so unning on the trck ws n't only about getting in shape . We would push ou minds by runing as hard as we uld , evn if we et like we were gng to pass ou .
At t beginning , I w immature nd only thought of myself , ometims even giving up we I was tired or hurting .
Ten , afr the hid game , I had a season - endn injury .
Imagine working all summer and then ny being ae to pa thre gam !
I needed sgery on my a an at last five month to recover .
Neelss to sy , I wa sidelined for the rst of the saon , but this actually lped me realize that , ince u ever nw when your ast gm will be , you soul ry yr hardst in football nd lif .
After fresan yea , I ecided that I wou alas ge my best .
Playing varsity footall has tugh me so mch ore than st what my assignments re on a particlar ame or how to loc . I have learne to thnk abut others fst , ad reaize w important working rd is .
eig wh all my rends , even sweting and bleding with hem , raly mae us bnd as a group of har - working young mn I know wil ucceed in life .
High - school football is more han just a sport .
It is a learning grond for ny to strengthen their rsonality and character for ther livs .
One thn my oac aways says is , "
Image tat you have just r 100 srins and a gant ear stas chasing ou .
Ar u ut going to stnd ther n let it atack you ecause you e too ied ? "
The answer , of course , is no , because y n always t it in anothr gea , even if you thn yo need to gi up .
This to me means that o can always conro yur attite nd effrt .
So , no mttr what , if you maintain a great attitde a alwa give whatever you 're doing your best eort , y will have no regrets .
Hnstly , I oul not age more , as e ebsite as it is available today is an inconvenen ool providing insufficient information .
I would ke to uggest iproving t wbsit in te folloig way .
First , it is difficult to navigat te curent wbsite versio . We could move the search bar closer to th top in oder to make it ease to find .
Besides , addng a schedule to the lft section would be an advatage , as our cstomers would be ale to find the opion hy need in a ore convenient wa .
Second , th tem is outdated , d developing a new dign can be a good moe to atrac more clients .
Minimalistic design is both stylih and user - frinly , as it does not imply an elements rqiring wbsite visitos to oa heavy odules , and thre are no unecessary bners that distract the use .
Third , implementing seeral advace solutions , su as a calculator , a gallery and live chat , could make our page ore usefl .
As to ter aspects of r wsite , it might be a ood dea to enhance its perorance by mas of optimizig e co and emving dvertiseents ( whih decrease the wesite 's value while bringing little prit ) .
Al these tass ca be completed within a mont , d I would be gl to be ivlved in h improvement of our websie , as it is an important asect of o work , bcause it represnts the compay , n representation is ey where atrating clints is concerned .
Before focusing on te topic of technlogy itsef , I would ike to mentio ome aspes rlate to education .
irst of all , Spansh educational laws r in Europe , d probbly in the world , the ny oe which have changd the most in te last 30 yar .
This fact ead the teacers to be unsur of wa they are dong .
Besies , there are no results tht c be analyed or checked .
ecodly , thee e t sos of shools in Spain - public and private - , which lad to a bg difference in the educational knwledge .
Whl publc one must oey governental ws strictly , private cools hv some privileges .
Knowing this about h Sanis educaio syte , we cn no talk abot tchnolgy .
I obviosy agree that technology is necsary nowadays .
So , shols and eductioal institutions in generl ave to update the way hey teac .
Technoly dos not mply a new instruent being taugt t a ne tool nd source of knwledge ( if used corretl ) .
In fact , using tchnology wthout changing the cotent uld be a total ilure .
Techers mu lean ow to use thse ne technological devices in rer to get eir tudents motivated .
oreoer , they should inude the pat inforation and the n informaton .
hu , tis wou he students now w te worl as eolved an o it will be .
In othr words , technology shold be se as a tool for tudnts to be aware of the development of soiey an its advantages and disadvantag .
The new tecnologies also help in e development of teaching .
We can make dynamic classe by being in contact wih the schools . In he case of subjects uch as English and rech , stuens wul imrov thei skills by ein in contact wi tudnts fo different cotries .
Also , teachers could replace the methodologies follong t bes ne and te ones which cntribut to havin ualifid studens trained to face everyday life situatons .
In cncusion , as a grea teacher sad , we av 21st century studets earning with 2t cetuy ool 19th century nowledge .
Thus , there sould n't be a tecnologica revoluton but an educational one .
To e Mayor
I am wriin to expre my concern abut te new smoking ban lw .
I fear tt such a huge me wld damage businesses n may worers uld los their jos .
At presn , I am worig o Cf Noir , a well - known restaurant poular wit viitors , any of hom hve to me that if such a an were introdued , they woud not go into restaurants a , instea , hey would mee fends at home .
On top of tt , I think e amount of notic you he gie people is nreasonable .
There ned to be mu wider public debte , d if a maoriy gree , he sold be given enough time to get us to it .
To support my argument , I would like to ell u wh happned in my country whn such a an as intouced .
Frst , it was alms impossible to enfoe it .
There ee nt enough poie to go ond checking every pubic plc .
Secondly , businesss uffred , it peole bjectin that th should be gvn the right to smok if th wihed .
In the d , the government changed h lw , enouragng peole to provide on - smoking areas .
Thi approach rikes me as much more realiti and I urge y to reconsider it before it is to ate .
We wi talk about a technology tt mght son disrupt t world .
t irst e me xplain the press follwed to manuature anyting .
h manufaturing process folows tree main stge : designing , en producing , tn consmin .
or a quic glimpse , this technology provides the ability to precisely clone any tngile object .
Th directly affecs the rodcing stage , allowing mor eficient production .
More effciet prducton mans cheaper ods , ad by providing them more cheaply he consmr now has the ability to purchase more of these goods .
Higher purchasing power eas that we ca buy ore goods using the ae amoun of moe .
In othr words , money ll have mo value .
So , let 's say , you hve $ 10,0 now . ou would hav $ 10,00,0 fft ars from n .
Yu could then pay f or dets , g a ne ca , b a n house , invest or reir , or do jus about anthig y old do if y currently had $ 10,000,00 in yur nk acout .
Loing at it though a broader lens , count deficits ould be solved , ungry people wuld be fd , nd the hmelss would be accommodated .
But h would the gods be cheaper ?
his is te effet of a redction in h cost of proucton ; lower roduction cost alo t producer to rdue th price of his gods while mintaining the initial profit .
With compettin givig h no choie at l , the producer is forced to abide by h mret quilibrum .
Surprisingly , the roduer ges to maintain hs profts due to t proportional decese in rce as wl as te cost to prouce .
Tis automatic , efficent , quick , pcise technology redues e amount of lar needed , saves waste initially ause by uman erors , aves time and proues at better quality too .
In conclusin , this revolutionary tchnoogy as te potential to vaty impre e a we mnufacture ou god , and in e roces of oing that , bnefit t who orl .
Dogs d cats ae called " furkis " no only because their bodies r covered with fur , bt lso bcause their ones rgrd their pets as kids .
I neve realized that a fuid would enrich my lif unti I met aino , a smart , patient ad handsome Golen Retriever raised by my ife 's family .
I can sill recl th ay Cahy and I tok Casino to Taii ity Hl , walking him aong h deprtent store avment , a plain with him all dy lo .
Fr ys later , he suddenl pased away , nd he day became ou st memory together .
i body s cremaed and bure on a muntain in northern Taiwn .
A sweet olive tree was lanted with h ashes .
We visted hm sveral times over h years , and dcidd to ak the sweet live tree home wh us this year .
I miss Casino so much .
He changed my attitude oward dog . Casino taht me through his patience and passions .
Ever since I met him , I have stopped feeling frightened hn facig big dos , d have even sarte to la with them .
3rd . Mr. 05
M Kte hby
Manage of Green Pepr Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am interested in applyng for the job vacancy at the Caf you u .
Te reso for applying is tha I beliee I wud be a prect candidat as I ha pley of experience in t food industry as we as big extremly ineresed in orking f this well - known compny .
I strongly belve I would be e right pesn for the pst as I consider mylf oite , well - mannered , enhusiastic and gd at dealing ih customers .
Besides , working in popular restaurants has enbled me to gai the aility to work as pat of a team and under pressure , as ll as to learn abut a wide varety of intenatioal foods a dihes .
What is ore , I am se to woring long hurs on both day and nght shifts , so bsy days il no be a problem for me at ll .
Finally , I oul like to express my wllingnss to wrk for ou as is ould be sc a grat exeience for me .
I would be able to attn an iteview at any time hich is convenint to ou .
I look foard to haring from you .
Yours sincere ,
Celese rnas
Dar ir ,
I am writing this leter because I wuld really appreciate the opportunty to wok as a amp counselor .
I am an 11th grae student rom Barclon , pain .
I attd ant Ignasi school n in t uure I would raly lke to suy mdicine .
Regarding my level of English , I speak flnt English an got an A in the Cambridge Fir Certificate Exam .
As fr my experience with cildren , I hae bee a counselor for th last two ears in a summer camp .
Furthermore , I have worked as a babysttr for the past ar .
I lo have en helping a nine - ear - d kid with is at homework .
I elieve I am suitable or t job as I am very enthusiastic and enegetic .
I am hardworking as well .
I as love ong sports , suc as tennis , soccer , canoeing a kyking .
I alws r so hard not to go to new rstaurans eause I do n't like ms of he at first .
u this time ws special .
It was my brother 's birthday , so he asked if we culd go to a new resaurant called uerd La ast .
I 'd always her about that place , so I thugt it oul be kay to go .
T retauant is in Alcorcon . I hve to sa that it is a beutifu place , wit a l of beautiful lamps nd a l of space .
It 's a fre buffet , so u a take everyting you an … tere e cis , pzzs , l tye of pasta n then the 's a lot of desserts and there 's no food lmi aa .
Th taff is so good , they are realy helful an he are always oking to see if u 've finished to ake the dirt dshes awy .
Honestly , I hougt I would n't lk th restaurat , b I was complete wrong .. I loved it !
I 'm ging with my fieds et week ! ! I hnk u get ore than hat ou pay for as s unlimited fo nd yu nl have to pa 10 Eros .
It 's realy worth it .
If u haven't een yet , o should deinitely do it . I rmise you wil ov it !
Ater a Year …
Y can ever raly say a thin is b unless yu have indulged yurself in it .
You a never really sy a situatin is unfortunate uness o have already een in it .
An yo n never eall s a teaher in the untains is miserable unless y hav experienced being one .
he I found out I uld be assigned to Gala National Hgh Schoo , I said it was th wors thing that d eve happened in my creer .
We I found ot I would be eahing at the mt rote igh school in Ozamiz , I sd I was ve unfrtunate , and when I found ot I would be spedig my ay in e mountins , I si my life wul be miserable .
ndeed , negative vibes filled my touhts after finding ou that I s to practice my hoen profession in the place I feared h most .
t aftr a yar , I wa l rng .
My first argraph atly exprese my exact realization .
To ha been assigned to the ontains is never te worst situatio ; I hae never been unorunate , d msery has eve be my olleagu .
In fact , bing a teacher in he mountains is being h best of who I am , ing h most fortunate of men alv , and being the hapiest I could ever be .
Y , Gl National ih Scho has given me thousands of rasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
Here , I have learned more an the lessons I have taught .
T school as a whole has beome my great mentor .
It ha tught me lesons I could n't have learn h I ot een here - lessons tha not only help me iprove my teaching aeer , but also hel me becoe te right prson r my vocation .
Gala a paved he w for me to become that teche I lo to see .
I may be r still fom being an ideal e , but I nw someday , having Gala as my guiding lgt , I can eome one .
As to my coleages , I am grateful to be in a small grou of individuals who , most of he te , share t same in of nterst it me .
We a so sll in numer , but that does n prvent us hlding any school program and activity at its est .
With r sheer creativity and enhuiasm , we alwy ma it a oit that every shol activity is worthwhile .
We never settle for an mediocrity .
Tha is us - h teaher of ala .
And that 's on thin I love the mo .
Together , we aspie to something byond bette .
My personal relationship with my co - techer is the sa as that of a typica Filiino faily .
It 's not all t tim ha we are in good trms , but we kw in urselves ta we ar for eac otr .
I ay have hut some of my colleagues in a certai circumstance , nd they my he hut me to , but at the end of the day , it 's alwas camaadrie among us that dominaes .
And ha 's ll tha matters .
As to my students , I feel rally so ulfilled .
At fit , it w an extreme challenge fo me to handle stuens in t mountains .
her needs eak beyond itellctual hunger .
Every day , I have gt to deal with students wearing different faces of fe 's rsentmnt .
As a teacher , it took me evrything I ave to come to ems wit evry pitiful fte of my studts .
Hence , h value of UNRSTANDING the stdnts , even beyod wat the meanig of such a wo can expre , a been dramatically instilled in me .
And ta 's one of the essons I onsidr a e to ep for myef frevr .
Students in the mountis hve a o of diffent untold tores of hir live .
Tes ories , nce herd , can open somebod 's hart to learn to lve learners desit evrything .
That is exacty what hapened to me .
As I have listne to my sudents , I hv come to realize the vry essec of my estence as hir teacher .
Consequenl , I ae sn the ned to attend to their needs .
I y he o perfectly carried out my respnsbilities , but I know somho in my ne - year tay in Gal , I ha made a difference to my studnts ' lives .
My eveyday inteaction with my stuens has been my everyday fulfillment .
Eventuly , the huge challenge I hav a h turnd int my inspiration to do better in my job .
My students have a lot of weaknesses in many aspects of li , t seeing thm enduring motivated me even mre to give he go asons to keep on keeping on .
My dear studnts my n hav known it , ut really , tey too are t source of my inner strength .
There were times I wanted to back f rom t many demands of work , but I always ound myself fightng .
I have more than engh reasons to do that - ad they ar again , my students .
In a nutshell , Gala may have en ey f , yet in my het , it 's js wihi .
The pae , my cleagues , a my dear students are eoug testimony to the ft that , in Gala , I av found a home … and a famly to ov , rely fr real .
ar Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I am witng to yo regaring a job advertisement I saw in yestray 's newspapr looking for an English - speaking pron to work at weekends in our cfe .
I am e riht prson to do h j as I ave always been interested in dfferen kinds of ood .
I lk tring dshes from al over the wol d I am keen on cooking ad xperimeting wt ew exotic cuines .
I am realy interestd in applying for ths job becaus I am an outgoing pson and I am good at dealing it eole .
In ddition to ti , I he broad eprience in ts fil ice I wrke as a waitrss durin my last smer hoiday .
As a consequnce , I am preared to work ong ours .
I hope you will te my aplicaion nto consideraton because I ve a great sene of resposibilit d wor very seriously .
I look forward to haring fom yu at yr earliest convenience .
Yours sincerely ,
Marina
Dar S ,
It is ot an eas task to explain te importance of ths em for me , sie I do not ha an specific bjetive in mnd th requires a Cambridge certificate .
Simlarly , I do no have any suy ehods in the ese of systematic chanisms fr earning Engli .
Wat I can say is that I have been learng English since I was telve , and it has been a plasure rom the tar .
My fist emry related to the English langue is of lyrics ; I love op mic and sd to tnslate sons composed by Eln John and nnon and MCartney .
Next , I trted to re boo such as the Harry Potter seri d books by Goge R. R. Marti .
I am also an ttentive listener of BBC Rado Four .
These e my study methods , if I can say so .
Abo the reasons for taking the tst , there is litl to y .
As I have id , I have been learnn Eglih fo t sheer pleasure of it ; ut , having come this ar , I tnk it is te to e sme nd of formal recognitin of my evel .
What do people thnk abut teenager ?
Why raher negative ?
Lots of people think tha teenags e stupid , have little knowledge abut ife , do o hve enough exprince , a anoyin , ificult to undestand .
In my pinion , we should n't thin lie that .
I agre tt sme young people bhve eally badly ; ty smoke , shout at their prets , drik ee , do o improve theelves .
But most teenagers are even more ntelliget han aduts or eldery pele .
At school d at home , they have to cope ih lo of problems and ty to solve the .
I strongly disgre tt hey are not experiece .
Thy sometmes he to hl hei friends or even tir parns wi difficult thngs like psychological problems , give thm tips .
Sometimes it happens ha a couple who ave a cild ge fro 12 - 16 , qarrels .
The young persn has to be tong , tr to understand the situation .
Teenagers also hae to make seros dcisions ike choosig seonary school , fuure job , wch way they will go in heir life , if they wt to be in a rlationhip wih seone .
hoe xamples show that tenager hae to coe with lots of problems .
Most of them are able to .
Of cours it 's nly my opinion .
Wa to colec ad rerd nformation for ture generations
Finding th bst wy to collct a store information o t ftur is no ju a probem in our wrking li u alo in our private lif .
at is the reason y or clas attnded a panel disusson on this specific topic .
Difernt as of accmulating and storing information were presented at the icussion .
I would like to emphasise two otions in this ssy .
One w to get the information needed is to iterview people om the nihbourhood and eite write down wha is beig aid or rcrd it as an auo - fil .
This way , yu no oly gaher pai ata b als emotions from people .
Additionally , it happens tht while speaking of a particular event , sudenl more memores d stories oe to the narator 's mn .
However , somtmes te narrator tends to ll in the gaps of his / her memory with imaginry parts or tries to embellsh ertin pats of he story .
noher ineresting way to fi out moe about he pst is to collect old photographs .
Tis is an impessive way to dcument a cang over many yers , t on the other hn , it is halleging to keep potograph in ood condition .
For me peronaly , te be wy to collect and record inormatin o future geneations is to nteriew peple and to sto te information in an appropriate way for three easons : irsty , I have te chance of not geing jut n story fr a person , but mybe wo or three more .
Secondly , I can catch the narrator 's emotions .
Thirdly , I do not have to be concern about the lo of quality of photographs and pictures .
he I was in Bali , I had a great night ta I will alwys remember .
My husband nd I en to a dinner on he beach of our hotel .
h weather was ver good an we enjyed having diner barefoot , sitin on the sand .
he dinner w delicos and we tasted lots of n flavours of Balnese food .
Aft dner , we s an interesting show of Balinese dance a music .
When we thought tt h night had ended , we ad the perfect dessert .
Despite it ben ry dark , we oud see somehng mving on th ad .
It s very bi ... We could n't belive ha we wre seing .
It ws a ve bg and beautiful turtl !
But ...
it ws st and could n't find th way to te water .
We shouted and wo waiters of the hotel ame quickly .
They ture th turtle a tk it to te water , were they fre it .
hn the urle stare swiming a disappeaed from our sight .
We ee very happ because of seeing th tutle nd hope to go ck to Bai to ee it again .
In terms of holday , sm eole like to visi their own countries , while other prefer going arad .
I thin goig abroad is uch more exciting .
Visiting your own country certanl has is advntages .
Firt of a , y do n't have to take vey lng ris .
Al , yu can hae the opportunity to discover new lces ju net to your home .
Besides , this ye of vacaion is usually ls expensive than gin abod .
On te other han , ay peop prer visiing other countries .
Actually , ey ike te idea of visiting an unknown land , hee everyhing is different , from e weater to he habits .
Furthermore , they lso le gng abroad to vsi imporan d famous cities aoun the orl , like aris , Madrd , Nw York .
In my opinio , ravelng to a foreign country makes people open their minds to other ultures .
In fact , goig abroad is a nice way to mke new friends , ty new ting n improv a foreign language .
In addtin , if you pn yor vacaton at te last minute , ou can alo sae mony on plane or hoels .
In onclusin , I thik it 's importan to kw both or own ountrie ad foreign ads .
It w three in t mornng hen the phoe rag .
I ws just abt to go to bed when I ddenly heard te phoe and I go scared because I wa lne at home , nd I thought that it ould be erious es .
It s in Augut , my parnts nd my broher we on holiday in Malorca for a week , d that same d my siser a her boyfriend d ravelld from Yecla to Paris on a packge ou .
At that moment , I tought ha an accdent or a similar omething had happened to my family , bu ortuately it was n't so .
A girl s on the ohr end of t phon and s tl me that my sister and h boyrind were n't with the otr pasegers .
hey d n't hv mobile phones because it happened a long time ag .
The film I 'd lik to lk about is " ecret Lie of Walter Mty " .
It is a fatastic film with beatiful scenery and an xciting story .
e ain caractr , Water Mitty , works for a wel - known magazine , " Lie " , as a managr of photo negativs .
One d he gets a parcel rom a famous trvller .
In his letter he ays that e shot fr the fim is e best picture he has ever tken .
nfortnately , Walt cn no find he shot , so he has to oo for th traveller , whh is t easy .
He has to travel to remote ars of the world and have some really amazing adventures .
In he n , he manages to ee th traveller and find out where the shot is .
I wo n't tell you a more as it culd spoil the story , bu the fi is defitely wor wtching .
In adiion , I an a hat I a cared by the mai character who is developing trougout the whole film .
If you like complicated stres about dreams and how to make them come te , is story is definite fo you .
Easy on the pockt & frequented by e loals , there is a inig gem in Nov orca .
Heading towards Tolmin & afer passing e famous Sola Brid , urn igh and folw e road to the le .
There u will find a parking area a soe basketball cuts , ad on furth exploration , jus aftr the bsketbll cours & walking towards that famous bridge that u can now see mch better , a restaurant .
For seasonal food eved by obling & go - huourd waiters , you wll find nowre eter .
In sumer , ta saoar of dark liquid beside te entrance might be Kopriva chai , a summer herbal digestif , favurd by the villagers of the region , or ou mih be offered a World Wr One dish suc as soldiers my have eaten in ti aa .
Day , date and eson dicate e lway interesting & hangng eu at tis restuant .
h wrm interir is e prfect plae to eat in winter , while in summer , many diners prefer t outside abls besid the turquoise Sa river .
One of Svenia 's qualified ommeiers will hel ou choe fom te go wine cellar , so this is the pce where I recommend our class can eax , eat , drin wel & enjoy the happy amosphere .
I ould like to talk to o about a musical which I w recenty .
It is called " e Misables " and has uch to recommend it , including he plot , the cast d , of course , he soundtrack .
The film is e in Frnce in the nieteenh centuy .
us after e French evolution .
It is an adapaton rm h original book " Les Miserabls " by Victo Hugo .
The de lyi behin the story is tht justice nd the l are nt the same thing .
The main character , Jean Valjea , plad by Hugh akman , is jaild for stealing a loaf of bea in a id to peven hs nephew 's ath .
Then , fter bing s free , he bcoes a thief gain . Howeer , this im he is not cndemned because of a prier .
But do nt worry , I am t going to spoil the enin .
All this occurs during th first ar of the film .
Regarig he sundtrack , I c only sa th sinc I w the fim I cn not help singng evry ng all he time .
All in a , I think that it is e of the be ims ever made .
Travellng by ar is ecoming mo cnvenient .
ar are improving , becoming safr nd more environmentally friendly .
A o of effort as been put no reduing the ehaust fumes , t .
Moreover , people have become moe aware of environmnta potction .
Tu , mre and more people , en uyig a w a , lso consder is envirnment friendlines n he possible ipct on the community .
Al , cas are becoming mo affdable in many countries .
Fr example , in Iia ad hia the technlgical advnces have enabld tem to mass podue really affordable cars , ich are also imported .
oether with tt , more ople a getting faliar with driving and feeling or confident abot riing thei own ar .
ce you knw for yourself ho comfortable it is to hve a ca , tee 's vry little chane u will go ack to pubi tansport .
owever , ther mht sti be room for public transport in te future , especialy in g cities .
I mean e nderground in the fst pce .
It is very economical in trm of tm , ditance a people apacity .
As for bse , ty might be histry in decde to cm .
Although I do n't really lie watching soap peas , I started atchin tis particlar hw with my family .
My mother likes wathing sap operas on TV and he got me hoked on this ne TV so - iknmp .
T show looed promising in ts promos , wch were bas on a very famous old Hindi song .
The ead acors were we - known TV stars .
e show was based on the journey of a married ouple , living in nia , who e separatd e to some misundestndings .
The cuple have 4 kids and , after separation , 2 kid live th thir o d 2 ith thr d .
Th ad , who is a cardiologist , moes to the US and sarts a new life the .
Te mom , on the other hand , decdes to stay behind an wks ar to give e children a decent lif .
e show strs wt the eldest aughter , h lvs with her mother , tring to contact her father to ask i to be a part of her wdding ceremony .
The fater , wh ha owed to never look back , at first ignor her requet . However , up insistence from s ohr cildren and his sister , agree to go back to India .
T rest of the show is based on the intraction between al 4 chilren nd how they work togeher to unt their fmil .
It 's a typca Inan op opra in hich love cnquers over everything .
Although not very realistic , the shw is un to wtch as it ring u the Idan aues ad , at the same time , teaches e importance of women beng indepndnt and bl to live lf on thei w .
Innovative entreprenrship a be pecived as a special press of creating , testing and implementing n oducts d materils , new methods of resource utiliation nd e new kid of anagement in siness processes to find advanced opportunites f ( n)commecia u .
Th first te as shown that I am vy motivated and my skll almst fit with he possibility of bing an ntrpreneur .
However , te atttude that I have is not very appropriate fr entrepreneurship .
It is imortat to ndeline ta th driving factors ( motivtion ) determine t behaviour of an entrepreneur and show th resns fr acting .
In the test te anwer were accessed a I was oud to be a person that has hg conrol ppeal , meaning that I have great leadrship sklls n a ned to organize and to moderat .
In the motivation part , I ls received a high soe in needing challenges , as I prefer to tak difficult proecs because I elieve ha they ight develop my nwledge an ailities .
Morover , it is really important fo me to be my o bos , even though it involves many more responsibilities .
Nevertheless , in te tst , I received fwr poit in " ed for achievement / success " tha wer reqred for being an entrepreneur .
As I found ot , hre we tw prolems regadin lak of poit .
he first on was based on te profit orintaton of the ntreprenur in the test .
he bove - mentioned situation means ha duig t assessment ther goals th an entrepreneur migt have wee not taking nto account .
F intance , it this be social sustainabilt an a nd to develop the local employment situation or entrepreneurship as a hobby / liestyle .
The second problem ws aed on t esenial role of getting feedback .
Howver , th test evaluated parent ' d iends ' opinos as ipotant feedback ad I do o agree that it is essential , ules tey are speialist in that field .
Nevertheless , I might tak a reasonable rs if it c positively influence bsines .
PAN , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Everyone ies soething more or less , even when it coe to litle hngs .
It is certain that ch of us love to travel , u eveyone likes he most comfortable mns of transport .
o me , the bst wa to travel is train , because I thik ths md of transporatin a te ost pros .
One of e things tat is vry important to me is h price .
I 'm not going to send a lt of money on a ticket , because I 'm sudying so I just hv a ar - tie job .
If we chec the prices of i travel , we c be disapponted , te sme is ru of travel by boat .
Fortunately , train tickts are cheaer .
Another very importat thing is th trve tme .
A plane fie ver quicly , bu you have to be at the irport at least an our earler .
In the case of a ship , rvel tie is immense .
Travelling by tin is quite ast , ad pleasant , I ca tavel safely to or places worldwide than people taking a boat or plae transport .
After te summary is to certify hat travellig by tan is te ost advantageous , but the ost mportant reason why I chose tavelling by train is h fat that I have otion sicnes , and I 'm frai to fly .
At the n of a decae in which technoloy has mae enormous eas , I am thinkng about how mch or current idea of the house will cange in te future .
Despite my differeces in human ature , th current houses do not iffer so uc betwn themselves .
ot of the homes have walls , oor , windows a are but on solid ound .
Furthermore , they have flat or sloing roofs , one or more floors .
Some r situatd in the neighbourhood of parks , frsts or laes .
On the other hand , ecently , many new d mo avanced projects a ealised more oen by arin architects .
hey ofte do not u he popular bric but glass , wood , plasic .
u n you maine ht in the near , uspecifid ftre , l homes wil be like that ?
Built using the mt morn technoog , full of e latst nventons hich mn can crete ?
Of cour , fr people to lv better , bt it wul be sful for moern ouses to be constructed so as no to damage e eniroment .
I thi quie a ew scientists sill surpri us , and te house of the future will go beyod h limits of u imagination .
DEVELMENTS IN THE EACHIG OF NLISH IN SPAIN
Thr have been mor changes regarding teacin thods in te last fe ears , bu ther is tll room for improvement .
If we focus on he eaching of English as a foreign laguage , we could possibly se hi more cearl .
In te ely 10s , actvity in the classroom was focuse on grammar .
However , seking , listenin activities n the massive use of I.T . mark e schedule nowadays .
l hee changes make the learning procss much more fun , rative and practical fo the stuents .
The new teaching approach is based on how stents can effectively use the language , raher than on the knowlege of the lanuage they actually have .
This n outlook on teaching methods conssts of the use of so - called alternative assessment as a way to evlute learnes ' skills .
A rmmar test shws knowledge about he language , whees lternative assessment shows learnes ' ability to effectively ue e language in the context of a ea itution .
Thee r man reasns for ing aternatve assessment teniques : earners deonstrat things learned , ae responsibility , mtvation may inease ad hy ae h opportunity to us language for real - life uroses .
It is important to note tht the difficulty implementing the chnge to th new teaching approach referred to above lie no with th students themselves bu th the ode generaion of echers , since hey sometime av trobe applying h new otlok on educaio methods .
In conclusion : the way of teaching ha ben changing in th last few years all oer Spain .
The ain rason or at can be ound by srveying h rlated to new teaching methods devlopd ecenly .
Hoever , a moth transitio to th w approach is stil ecesary to overcme te masie educati - elated challenges Spain will have to fac in e coming years .
In h ear 202 , the was conflict bewen Japa and t United Sttes .
The conflict as du to rnd creation ; citizen of bt couties wated to s wo ceaed bter an biggr ends .
Th conflict as an incetve o clohng stores to sell new ad weird things for a ighr prie .
Law enforcers also wted hir country to win , ad in t United States , policeme arrested any Jpanese perso they w an sent them bak to Jap .
The Japanese government made a competition to see whch of heir citizens w h be tred - setter .
Te winner 's rewar was h ability to rl oe Japan for a a .
Afr t years , the wier a decided , and he ade apn go no poverty .
nce the day was over , the Japanese gvernment tried to reverse all of e damage one , bt it was ipossible .
he winner had changed Japa 's landcape , hat ne was the amaig ity of Toyo now was a sad nd drt city .
Jaan asked h United Stats for help . The ladly aree , and hey dragged Japan bac up to thir norma statu .
Jpan lt a lot , but it ws be to get ba up on its feet .
Everyone w hay for me time n true peace btwee h countres of the world had bee ahieved , b then the United State eslaved Canad and trid to enslave pan as well , but they wre be to defend themselves .
Japan launched a cuntrattack and enslaved the United States , and the proceeded to onqer te worl .
A w ra was created . It was t ms brutl peid in the histr of makid . It was known as mn thing . ost peoe named it " The Japa Era " , bt it was so bruta ta h oficial name was " h Dark Yellow Era " .
I would ie to recommend the folowing movie : " e Perfume " .
This mve can be cosidered a classical thrille , but th several aspects that ake it niqe in is genre .
First of all , the histrical period is the Victorian age in Franc .
The landscapes are really wonderul .
Te buildings , dress , and habits of the population are displayed in ul dtil .
Secony , we hve an amaig sript ha an be considered niqu .
Th stor tells us the importance of perfume in all aspects of ou lives .
The mie 's ain pl escribs the early years of ou rotagonit , a oo orphan , who ake advanae of his pwerul sene of smell to find ne jb .
We will discover he imortace of a uniq fragrance a h to x he ingredients in the right proortions .
This idea will cret he atmosphere to tell us a stor about cim and passion .
Finaly , we wll discover a fantastic ending th we would nee imagn through watching the mvie .
The oveal standard of this mve is really high a it is a ovi to remember foeve .
Nertheless , ti is not an all audiences moies , because it coains hd scnes not sutable for hildre .
If people an ent his movie or watch it online , I old enourage to them watc it as soon as posible .
e otr modern mies are so grat in comprison .
The two hurs that you will spend watching he mve will ecoe uniqe in your life .
Many peop beieve tat public ranspor will be repled by privae transpor in the ear future .
T mn reas is the cnvenience of travelling by car in comparison with using public transrt .
Aat from tht , there are many othr benefits to buing a a instead of using bes or the underground vry d .
First of all , a r gives sc a valuable thing as privacy .
o exmple , drvig a a , we a wear whatver we wat and lisen to th msic at ay volume .
If the car is lar nugh , it an ee be a perect place for sleep .
Additionally , if we are age to travel ousde the ton in rder to have some ret from a hectic rhythm of ife , it will be more comfortable o us to s u ar .
nl or ow vehicle ca provide us with an opportunty to find a quiet d pleasant place outside h city .
Publi rasport can take us ony to cetin location .
Thus , it is clar tht prvate ransport sh as cars as pleny of advantages .
On the other hand , we can encounter ifferent problems while travellig by car .
For instnc , siing in tffic jms aways steals a lo of our preciou time .
Car accidents e the typica reason for thi penomenon .
It mean that travelln by cr can even be ore angeous than sig pubc transpor .
Generally , u drivers ar uch more experiencd tha car drivers . Therefore , accidents caused by publc transport hapen quite rarely .
Tis maks travelling by public transport mh safer .
Thus , I would argue ha drivng a car requires a lot of attention d understanding that areess beaviour on e rad can do serious ham to ter people .
In conlsion , I beleve that public transport il eventually ls its dominance du to he ac tht all people wa to be independent and travel on hei o .
Ana knew that it was going to be a very special day or e .
She was oen up very early by te su coming throu her window .
Se pened her lepy eyes , smiled gnly a ot up from e ed id .
She went downstairs to the sy athroom ad had a sher .
Afer that , she dresed up and went to the ithen to make breakfast .
She ured on the msic and arted to pepre a healthy meal .
Afr eaing a elicius salad n drining tea , se wnt to r ro to do her hai d ut her ake - up on .
Anna was a b stresse , b she as re , tht everything wod be alght .
Wle she wa getting ready , h heard a door ll .
She ent dwn and open e doo - it was hr mother .
Thy hugged and smied at each other .
An 's mother looked at h tendely n ugged hr once again .
h came in nd noticed that her daghte s a ltle nervou , so she decided to make a cofe , a i and tak for a whil .
As they wr taling , Anna 's best fries came .
hey looked rally cheerful d exitd .
Th quicly tok r upstairs to the room .
After ome ie , r friends me dw d ol na 's other , that s s ray a she as ong to come in a whie .
She stood up and looed at her daughter omig down the strs .
Ann looked inedibly beatifl .
H um wn to her a hugged her rally affectinaely . "
It 's yo big day .
One of h ms important omens in your lie .
I am so happy " said mther wih a tar in her ey .
It was An 's wedig day .
Aiming high !
My all - tie avourite sport is asketbll .
I started playing at the ag of seve , when my mthr encuraged me to ji a basketball clb .
It a vy njoyabl fm the onset , nd has en a fantasic experiene to arn the sport togeter with other children .
Anothr k fcto was the coach , who ne w to cvey h skills n techniues to cildren .
Mreoer , I as ascinate by te feeling of belonging to a team in wic each member shaes te sae gals and values .
This is an imporant feature that will as help anyone in all heres of ife .
One also earn to wrk hrd n be dsciplined in ordr to achieve success .
All thse points he led to me playing aketball fo almost hiry ears now and I 'm still hooe on it .
If someone sked me for advice on h to sar playn asketbll , I would probably sugges starting ith a ril practice and if the person enjo it , he / sh col join t lu .
When choosing a clb , I believe it 's important ta an xpeienced coac is present who kow how to teach the basis .
urs faithfully ,
F.
One of my favorite restaurants in Mága is calle S and Shne .
It is sitate in the city cente , near th seapot .
It is a differe nd of restaurant , because y n find not ny e typical Spanish ood , but also dies rm diferent parts of h wrd .
What I lik most about thi restaurant is ht it ofers helthy ad baanced food , he flavor is fantastc , the ood very tasty d carefull cokd .
You an eny go qality ordinary fod on a budget .
On the oth an , the srroundngs ar modern , te place is iry ad cosy .
Te waiters are ve welcoming and informave , so yu fel very comfotale .
Al the ingredents are very resh and of the highest ualit .
In my opinion , the sald is te best option , with a wide range of type from dierent countries .
My faorte one is the Italian sald , because it is healthy n e sauce hey ue is savury and strange .
Finall , I really recomnd hi resaurat , especially for couples or friens that wnt to tr somehing iffrent and newfangled .
Dear Paul ,
I op all is well wit you .
I 'd like to thank you o t lovely exeience y offre me .
I reay enoye helpin u at the coert lat month .
Unfortunately , we d n't get the hanc to see each other that night .
I suppoe you 'd like to har bou my experience .
I stated the vening by welcoming evryne nd appointig te hir seats .
I enjoyed hs very much , because I go the chce to meet a lot of people .
Latr at evening , I worked beind te ba .
or w hours , I srve drinks .
What I enjoyed the mo , wa elping bckstge , whr I got e hanc to mt the rtiss .
Tey er suh nic peope n really aprciated my ep .
At te end of the evening , I worked in h parking lot .
All in all , a great expeience ! Yu a rely on my help next year !
Thans gan fo h lovely experience !
Regards ,
Camlle .
Der visiors ,
welcome to the historic town of Lancater ! You e now in the vibrt hear of Lancashire .
Lancaster is tuated lose to the Irish Sea and js around e corner ou il find the stunnin Lak Ditrict with it romanti lakes and paks .
en you ae viitng Lancaster o c discover many histric sights , uch as the Ctle an Priory , he dges Lodgings or th shton Memorial , which ovelooks the city .
Howeer , the city centre also oers just as many opportunitie o yu to go shoping .
hatever you need , someone in Lancaste wil sell it to you .
Whether y wt a fancy btte of wine , a secondhand wedding dress or an antue clock , you il ind it in Lancaste .
You are ffred the standard ig brns like M&S , Next , Waterstns and others , but you can also nd little independent hop selling a tpes of good .
If ou leave he main rds and urn into t little alles , u will fi charming t rooms and gorgeous antique shops with a wide rne of antique goods .
However , if yo are looking r litle godies r your mily membrs , o should vist h op clos to the cstle .
Twice a ek , a street market offers visios ad resints a wide nge of daily good whc he been sorced in the re a are sold by loca .
Cnada is a atio built by citizen - solies .
From soldiers wo served in he trnces of rance to the ceremonial fnctios in the nation 's Capital .
Nathan Cirlo is remembered as one of those soldrs .
A meme of Th Argyll a Sutherland Highlanders of Cana , he wa killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in ctober 2014 .
He ws standing uar , at th memorial , when he was shot dad fr bhid at point blank .
O yer lat a commemoration of his pasing was celebatd .
His det shocked h nation .
Unarmed , at attention , and protecting the mory of those wo gave e ultmate sacrifice , hi at moments and those wh came to is assistance , exemplify he tue meaning of bein Canadian .
Canada is a peaceful naon awas ready to wear t uniform hen cald upon by its country .
vnts lk these conrm tat Canda is no onge mmun to ataks on home soil .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am wrtin in reply to yor dvertisement in the Europen server of April 7h o a ot at USA Suer Camp .
I am 44 , of Austrian nationality , maried and hold the Camrdge English Avanced crtificate since las summer .
I would welcome an opportniy to ok in the USA this summer in odr to practise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my natre and I am used to wrkig ar . I woud be hppy to support th USA ummer amps ta in very aspect .
I am ls experieced wth childre , having looked fter my sistr 's daughte , ae 9 , 11 and 14 for years o .
Wheever ossible , I ta te girls ot for a wim or a ride on their bke .
It is also a good idea to pa badminto and mi - lf it them .
In the evenngs , siging , dncig an torchlight walks are a god aternative to watching TV .
ls , I worked as an au - par in France and Canada , whee I looked ter 3 , nd 2 hilden , respectively .
Fialy , cookg is a hobby of mne and I would be happy to work in t kitche too .
I ok orward to receivn yo reply at your earliest convenience .
Yours faihfuly ,
Prick
Eatng with sranger .
In the grwig " shring " economy , online communities are offerin er to peer for almost anything .
O of my favourite is eatwith.com .
It 's a website which llows me to taste fo from arou th wold wthou moving from my ci , at he me ime as you can speak different nguages and met new pepe .
he best thing about tis website is th it is very easy to us .
First , you have to select the ct ; Ne York , Barcelona , t .
Second , you choose a menu and make a eservtion .
You an use thi website if you r a torist or just someone who wants to enjoy a dinner in your n city .
On the thr hand , if you are a proesional or an amateur hef , you 'll earn extr ony .
There 's noing le sharing a eal with locl people . It offers you the possibility to glean nformation fm someone wh lives in th plac .
My niece 's edding was celebrated in Barelona lst weeked .
It was the ot exciting and beautiful rty I hae eer bn to .
Frst of al , my mohr , my children , my prter ad I took the tain from Zaagoa to go to acelona .
It was a pleasant jorney ha lasted only tw hours .
hn we rived in Barcelona , we we by taxi to the otl wich my brothe had previously booked , and there we met with ohe relatives : my brohr , his wife , my nephews and , of ourse , my ice ( th bride ) .
My brother 's ie 's close relatives wer also thre .
We ll went together to have luch at a near estarant .
After luch we ould have a ap or star to pepre or the weding .
I managed to mak my mothe have a siesta , so that she ws me energetic for the part .
e mrriage ceremony ook place in a wonderul church . There we floes everywhere , live music , three hundred guess and , of course , h ride and t bridegroom , the most beautiu a apy couple I ave vr seen as far as I an remember .
Hundreds of phos wee tae bfoe , durig an fer e wedding .
e party ws eld in a lre garde near the bridegroom 's parns ' house .
A historic building in o of t mt luxriou places in Barcela .
Ther ee delicious snacks and drinks before the dinner .
The nner ws a three - course el which ad been carefully chos by the nely - weds .
The party ntinued with splendid dancing until svn in the morning .
Taking a break between leaving school d stating college sems unnecessary .
If y ae wealthy , or you come rom a amly whee your father a provide you ith mo of e things ou want , I ugest oing to college straight awa would be a good dea .
ome of us are afad to tavel becau of t recent cases of ISIS terrris .
Terrorism is everyhere .
ass shootings , mbs , hacing into security systems c hape a ie , ny dy .
No any of us are oing to risk our lives , espcially wh we l know we are going to have a fresh sar in college .
Hever , f those ho really need to fo u mony to pay cllege loan , it is bt o thm to take a yea off and work pr - tim in a cafe , or somehere remotely iteresting .
It is wise for te to fid some time to save sme money so the wil no need to struggle durig collee .
oever , some just want to ave some n , after years in high schol , after so may ers of break - ups , ate so mny years of eting caeteria food , it is time to id some enjyable tie it quality friends and with mouth - waterg food .
Te just wa to foge abot the pat and ocu on the present .
In hei mds , it is all about hang f , bu is tat relly what it is ?
What if they forget themselves ?
ht if they chage ito some moner they ca not suppress ?
Wh if drugs , alcohol , cigarettes tk over their lives ?
Is that ow the want to start college ?
T ea question is , do hy want to actully be an alcholic an a drug addict whe they eter college ?
Look , they are stl vr yong ad they are all pne to d influences through aties without parentl cnrol .
Hce , if there is no reason to ke a year off , just go to colle and tart tudyin .
There is absolutely no tie to wae or youth on drugs and lcohl .
2 ers go , I w a bad guy wo ated to fgh anyone , so no n wantd to be my fiend .
One day in the pt office , I d an argument wit a ma who studied at h sm university as me , an I chalenged hi to fit with me : I tougt it would sove t pobem between us .
He did not want to fight it me because he w smaller han me , so he ust ignored me n alked wa .
That de me ge crazy and angy , so I knocd hi down it only one punch .
After ta , he tod e teacher ho wa responsible o tt class , n she calle me into hr ro and ake me questions .
At that tm , I wa rally proud of ysel that I culd eat i so easily .
The dy aftr , I wa thinkig deeply and just realize tha I as wrong and should not hr hi because I was angy .
I decided to talk to h n asked im to forgive me .
I fl relive he forgave me .
Thi tor tls us that ometims we can not control ourselves , ut we sold be lone an tnk positvely or tae a eep beah , a that will make us calm down .
Hi , my nam is Priscila and I hav just realized ht I am a writer , too .
I am Brazilian nd I sarted to learn how to wrt in Portuguese when I w 7 years old .
I think his pero when we start to write is magcal , becaue we c acss an etire new communicain world .
Fm 7 to 18 years ol , I mainly wrote for school during clase , homework , and tests .
hn I as 16 , I led in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I was an exchange student and attnded hgh schol tre .
at ws h fit time my wrk was aessed on the way I rote in English .
This experienc was ey important a mde me mr confidn aout my Englsh klls .
Back to Brazil , during collee I stated researching ad wriing about economics .
I loe economics , so I kp studying ad I have g a masters ad a PD degree in labor economics .
I had to wie a dissertation and a teis n , I wil not i , these wriing processes were very had , but I learned a lot about acdemic wrtin .
Today , I work as an ecnomics professor at t Fedral University of Goas , in Brazil .
Because of my wr , I have to wrie all the time , to my students , to my collagues and to the acdemc community in eneral .
I want to iscuss e results of my research with evryon ht is terested in it , rom razil or rom ay other lce in the world .
Thereore , f me , witig in nglish , o , is more important than evr .
I expect that ts course will help me evlop my English skills , so that I can write my papers , communicate and iscus my research in a more effectiv way .
In the moern orld , pulic transprt has bcome es imortant as travelling by ca is sad to be more onvenent . avelling by car also reduces pope 's orney tme and they do n't ee to wat fr a particular bus .
It may lo be because , as people a gttin richer , he do n't need to u public trnsport as a moe comfortable option is always there waiting o he .
Though pulic transport is mre dvatageous to the environment , peop ju want to gt their personal nee satisfied .
e wrld is moving faster n everyoe has to be ast nough to comete in this odern wod .
Whie oparing the drawbacks of publ transot it mdernized vhicles , public transport my ot sm to be a bett hoice .
But this is no ue .
More usag of vehicles a cuse serios prolems such as depletion of ntura reoures an envirnmental issue suc as pollution .
Although t maintenance cos of car is quite expensiv , it ds n so pele from using cs , since convenience matters to tem te most an not ney .
Ma people hink tat pubic trnsport is only for the poor and t for te ric .
If it connues , no resources will be spared fo th fuur genraton .
Everyone should remember , " Nature has enough sources to satisfy or needs , not r gred . "
Nowadays , man people around the globe are trying to acuire a second language . Wen it comes to dciding etween learning in our own country n larnig aroad , we ca find veral pro and co ht iht ake us fairly cnfused .
On he one hand , an advantage of tudyng in your on ounry is that o oul be able to sare with people with te se problems durn their learning pocss as you .
Hoeer , a major drawba oud be h lack of expour to the language tat is intende to be learnt .
On the other ha , the most important advantage of stuyig arod would be precisely , he exposure , hic would help u understand t language from native seakers ' point of view ad be awr of how se expressios or word a actually used .
Hower , as a disadvantage , we must conser the cost of studyin abroad , because it can be rather expensive .
To sum up , the bes way of larning Enlish , or rther th bs place to do it , depends on ea persn 's mea nd learning style , ut it is defnitely possile to auire a second language oh at ome n abrd .
People try to sp Good Frda bcause , there ae no feasts no tha day .
Morever , it is h most sombre day of th er , which recalls the Crucifixion cause by peope 's sin .
People prefr to et happiness and poitie thinking to talking about dah and suffering .
hey nt to kp th d ad move to Easter Sunday- th a of hapiness an renewal .
Acordingly , the author compars Eter to a pagan spring festival , wher people wr jofl because of spring coming jt as a Christian is joyful bou the Resurrection .
2 . We flinch from consideraion of Good Friday because we do n lik thinking of a s situation .
People chse pleasant entertainments insed of talking about deh , suffring n self - sacrfice .
oay ople ae n willing to sacriice themselves for oter people .
veryon is idvidual and worries about themselvs , beaus it is an aier way to live .
Aove all , pole a not used to undergoing suffein n , wt is me rual , eah .
4 . The author mentios the orgin of h word ' compasion ' , in order to remind people of t eaning of that wod .
It means to ' sffer wi ' .
Nevertheles , peoe keep th compassio tidied aay , ecaue it is too painul f hm to sand .
Not ol do they run awy from ncomfortble ituations , but the lo prfer to s them on screens .
Actall , he choose the Good ife , becaue they c not cope with tir ow sufferng withot cutual understandng .
I nt to wrie abot the et cation I ver had .
It took place about two years ag .
My schol frinds ad I went to the Dominican Republic . It 's a Caribbean couny wh amazing beaches .
Even though I do n't like ples like that , I rather enoye this ti a lot .
Maybe it s because I was with my friends and I coul fin any way to pen my tie with them or it could alo be th great environent .
I remember we got there on the irst of October on a Saturday niht , n I il evr foret he rus of warmth I felt as soon as I tpped t of te plane .
First , I though ha it was omething else causing e warmth , u later on I learned that the weather was li that all the ime a I just hd to get ued to it .
hen we go to e resort , we all checked in and we to r designated rooms . I as sharing a room with my friend Emily .
After unpackng , we lft or room to oo aoud the res of e resort .
We oud a club , 3 big pools , sports ields n , of course , the amazing beach , though we uld n't e uch of it becuse it was raly dark at night .
T next day , we ad sure to go to the bach early nd we d a blast with our othe friends .
This went on unti the las day of our trip .
We were , obviously , sad becue this aazng time a ding u happy as el o e memories we hared together . I will remmer this vacati for e rest of my life .
Telvision is n of th mot important nventins of the last cenury since it has h a get impact on ocietes rund th world .
Since television s rst invned , it s inflenced different aspects of people 's livs .
Sic television was launched onto the mket , it s acquired othe purpses besides entertaining , sc as communicating an adertsing . That is why he possibility of it having educationl purposes has ee iely dscusse .
Teleisin can cerainly educate , it ha great potential fr doing so , because of the way it presens inormatio d he ane of people it can reach .
Tlevision n educate in svral ways . To mention some : by providing and extending information given on crtan courses at school , n by providing information that is ot een taught at choo .
It is ver xiting that entertainment and ducation can be erge to acomplis t sread of knowledge among th masses in an eoyable w .
Telesion a educate through content who main pupoe at fir was entertaining .
Television sres , contests , mvies , and new do it all he time without us bin aar of it .
De Sir / Madam ,
I am writi regarding e advertisement for USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I foud hs advertisement in te nespaper an I ould ike to state the reasons wh I think I am suitabl for the j advertised .
Fis of all , I wold like to point out th I ha some experine in t aea , since I hve worked as a oup lader before .
Last er I ws in Canaa ad two yers ago I flfilled the same re in Englan .
The groups I a in chage of msly consisted of people of ages 6 to 12 , although I nce d a chance to wor wt a grup of young adults as well .
Eveywhere I ha worked before , I ave een praised for being ver oranisd n having t ability to deal wit unexpected situations succesfuly .
I lk to conside myself an energetic person .
suall , I do n't ve mc tim to spend on mysf , ince I am always occupied with smthing .
I hae ben a mmber of a basketball team since the ae of 5 and I have recently beome a young ldie ' oup 's ach .
As o my cooig abilities , I used to work as a kichn assitnt during the summrtime .
I did tt o three summe and I still help out at my parents ' restauan when a ty e in need of a ha .
I wud raly appeciate it if you could ak my application ito consideration .
If you do , I wou ls like to be nt the accomodaion deails , if possible , to th following addre : 62ssy@gmai.m .
If yu ned ny other detai , let me knw so tha I ca send them to y as sn as possible .
Yours faifully .
oa .
P.S. I have attahed my CV
Dear Sir or Maa :
I am writing in response to your advertisement , wic I saw in the nternatinal Newspaper to apply or th job in the USA Summer aps .
This year , I finished my dege in Mathematics at the University of Zaragoza and in September , I will sat to std to ecoe a teacher .
I hve also stued English fo ages an I hnk th I ave a gd lev .
Meover , this job would be an xcelent experinc to impro my Englsh and mae me more self - confidnt .
As for my experience , I love working with cilren d I sometimes te car of my niees who r 10 yers o .
My dgree took up l my free time th year . However , I tried to go on ding spr , specialy running and plaig football . I aso try to keep up wh the latest trends in sports events .
I would describe mself as a ociabe , respnsble , trustworthy and hardworking person wh likes wrking with chlden .
or all these reasons , I el ht I have a ot to offer your summer cm .
I enlose my CV and I would be glad to ttend an interview at any tim cnveniet r ou .
I ok forward to hearig fro o very oon .
Yours faithfully ,
My avoite port is football , but it is o a srt tht I ike to la , it 's a spor to watch ecuse it 's beautiful , ver co a vy exciting to support a te in a championship .
I am Brazilian , and like almt everybody in my countr , I 'm a big footbll fn .
I 've alwys lovd to wch soccer , since I was a little kid , because my father was a great fa of the biggest team in Brazil , Flmengo .
Acally , in his hnor I had a Flamengo shie attooed on my bak on the ef side bcaue there as n't a beter y to pay oage to im tha a Flamengo tattoo .
The World Cup is happening o in my conty , Bazi .
I lo it when this een hapns , so many incrdible gae gong on , the bs plaes in the world , tre games r day at he start , and with vry od - oking layrs .
I do n't knw wht actly happen , t in every World Cup the atmosphere changes , everybody ecmes hapie , Mc Donalds unches the tastiest hmbugers , people go out to watc gams ih friends in br or they mee in mebody 's house .
I love the World Cup dspie th act tht it being in Brazil h ought a lot of political poblems , or just shown us how corrupt o government can be with th uge overpriced projects , a lot of money tht as ben ent on unfinshed stadum , with shameful dels in heir onstruction , et .
I lov th Wold up , but I certainly would hve pferred it if it had be in another country .
I love to run becase I tink it is good for my mental and physical hlth .
Jut running 30 mutes a a , you c improve ou pysical activity , lose wigh , and imprve yor brain .
As , it helps ou to release the daily srss and is a ood motivator .
Everybod needs to know about the befits te an get ro running .
You tart walkig 10 mites ah day , he fr 20 iutes d you can add moe inutes till you start runing r 30 mnuts d th o an our .
h best place to run is a ice pot close to he park .
You just need a ir of running she and clothes approriate for the weath .
In wine , you eed to put on heay clothes , while in ummer lighter clothes , a ha and a pa of lases will be l ou ne .
It is very imrtant to p some snblok on your ae , neck and hands .
In nter I go runin fo half an or in he afteroons , but in summer I go o and ru in t mornings an in h afternoons to enjoy the nice weather .
Sometimes , you eel that yo do n't want to do it , but believe , once yu put on your soes , hins chan and yu enjoy t running as ou do it l the tm .
It trted a fw ears ag when I w a litte overweight .
Being a prson tht lvs sport , it is hrd o me to see myself gaining ouns through h ears .
Oe I decided tt I needed to do something , I stted walking around my neighbourhood .
After three mons , I a running faster and h pain in my heels disappeared .
I wa still out of breat sometimes , but I kept doin it because I wante to achieve my goal of loin 10 pouns .
fer six moth I w running almost 2 mle ech day .
And w I run 4 miles a day .
So , do n't be ay , get up n start running .
It is a great ourney tht is wth it !
Dear Sir / adam ,
I am writing to xpress my interest in applyin f the Sample Analyst position in our Lboratoy .
I hold a Mster 's dgree in Environntal ilogy and , previouly , I hav had th opportnity to ok on intrntional researh procts that wuld provid me it the ills ses I need to be an effective it in your laboratory .
Based on my understanding of his postion , u offer full on - t - job aining to you eployees and encourage thir inolvement wih all laboratory acvities .
Th pportunty appeals enorously to me and I fee confidnt tha I can et the challengs pesened by such a re .
While engaged in diverse experience ( including my rsearch internship , environmntl volnteer srice , a other types of emplymnt ) , I have maintain tandard of excellnce at university and emonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsbilities as well as to effectively mnag multiple concurrent projects while meeting ealines .
As an ntern in a biological laboratory , I av been trained to quickly learn ew fields , thk through problems in an nalytial mane d maintain flexibility within a demanding schede .
As a meticulous , orgaized and rsult - ointed biooist , I y great attention to detail , am sklled at gathering data n used to keping deailed rcors .
In addiio , working closely with a team of dedcaed researchers a helped me unerstand he importance of eficent lab practice and dvlop my group - oriented skills .
As a reult , I am well prepared to colaborate with interdisciplinary teams as wel as to be ffetive at inependent work when I am reqired to s my own initiative to complete a ask or solve a problem .
oreoer , through my inernsip experence , I ave acquied good aaltical , quantitative and comuter skills .
Bend my coursework , I hae taken an acte role in international vlunteer activities for hree yas , in the ast of ich I coordinated projects from eginning to nd .
Th leadership role required oficient communication skill , as I was provdin support to people of diffren ages , backgrounds ( with varying levels of Engish ) or lvls of technical abiit .
With my relevant corsework , lb experience , committed nd daptabl attitude , I am coident of excelling in thi poition . I would wlcoe e oppotuity to join yor ta nd put my skills to work for you lboratory .
Please fin attached my Curricuum Vae for yur review .
Thank o f your time and consideration .
I oo forwar to reciving our reply .
Should you ned y additional information , please do o hesitat to contact me .
Yours fathfuly ,
Valentina Tocano
Dear Ms. Herrmann
Reerrin to t jb advtisement published on ur hmepage in Septemb 24 , I wud like to aply for the ositio as a nalytical Development em Meber .
I am a studnt in the st semester of a Molecular Life Scinces progam and I am looing for an analytical o .
Therefore , I a very interested to read on yur website that yo ve a ne posiion as an Analytical Te Member .
An appentieship as a chemical a techncia in a ih standard company and a Bacher of Life Sciences ith specialization in analyical chemstry make me a highly suitable candidae or th position .
Furthermo , I have wrked sccessflly for a ye fte my apprentceship with difeent kinds of analytca methods and I was be to impove my knowledge in this ar .
Besides , I have awys worked producively in a team and GMP w comn .
This job in Develpment would enable me to ranfer my learned proiciency into practice in or company .
I am confidnt tha my experience and interperonal sills will strengthen h em .
I am looking forward to discussing tis and other eligibility in an nterview with you .
Pese contact me by telpone + 41 61 12 45 67 at any tie .
Thk o in adance for cnsdering my appliaion .
I am eagerly ookig forwar to hearing fro yo .
Yours sincerely
Scout ( Jen Loise ) nch is a round character .
She is h narrato of the toy .
rm her outer appearance , she eems like a ltle girl .
She is dk haired , very hn ad sma .
Talking about er outer appearance , on can easy see that Scout is nt " the ual " girl .
Scout 's caracter is ind of a tomboy .
She does t ike to ress like a ay . en when aunt Alexandra tries to ak a lady out of r , Scout reuss to dress or speak like one .
rom the outside to hr iner qualities .
Scout is a really smart gil .
At a yung ae , befoe she wt to school , she tated rading .
Her intelligence at a young e wa a proble r h teacher , Miss Caolie , because she d never had suh a well - educated pupil befr .
Instea of clebratng it , he someho inhibits Sct 's learing .
Du to ht , out ges bored an starts to ae chool .
Furthermore , Scout ofen rcts er impulsively , mostly at a youn ge .
Se oes fer Walter Cunnigham after she get in trule on his ehalf .
lo , when sh has trouble th hr ouin , ecause she called Atticus a " nigger - lve " , cou beats r up .
In t firt pa of the novel , fightng is a technique that wors r Scout .
For h , it is a wy to ma h mind clear .
Lter on , cout begis to understan , n least ecause of her fthr and brother , that it is important to thk before alkin .
Somehow , h reverts bak to he old ways .
To coclud , Scout is a mart rl with two ids .
On he one an , Sou at very impulsively an is an obstreperos toboy , but on the ther had , she is ver clever and re adt ha others at her g .
Scout always velops e stoy .
er Ali ,
Hw are tings with yu ?
Are ou stil working all h hous God ses preparing o your exms ?
I 'm sor I haen't written for ages , but I was ry us with e school project I had to do hi monh .
Thanks agin for all your hlp .
I 'm very glad I c fnally do someting for you aft everything you 've done for me .
So , o ned information about my county 's eating ustom ?
Well then , e 's start with he time we t and what we ea at thoe moments her in Hlland .
On wedays , Dutch people take ther breakfat , wic usually cnsist of a fw sandwihes , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. At h weekend , we nd to sleep in and , therefore , tae u reakfast a i later .
Arond 12.00 a.m. , ms peoe have unc , which lo consists of sandwices and is just as light as breafast .
When te cloc strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's tie fo dinner , the only rm meal of e day as well as th heaviest mal of he day .
Let me as ll o somethig about traditional Dutch meals .
Te ost importat one ae probly hotts : mashed potatoes and egtables , fte cmbned with smoked ausage .
In my opinion , some of them are absolutely revolting .
A tradtioal utch mal hch I thn is far more tasty , onsits of thck itte pancak , serv warm with melte btte and icing sugar .
hose ancakes are alle " poffertjes " .
Tey a be atn a time of the day , for brekfas , lunch , supper ...
hle generatins ae brought up wih ts dish , yummy as it is .
Is tis enug iformaion for your project ?
If you want to kno more aou utc eating hbis , ut write to me , ad I 'll rite back , giving ou any other inforatio you mit ne .
Anyway , I rely need to stop no , since I have gt to get own to my hmework .
Al te be wih yu project ,
Suzanne
My favourite way to tvel is most definitely by plane .
There are an reasons h ane travel is e wy to go .
Fst , on a lne , I can et to my destination much faster .
Ti mans I cn actually go plae .
In a fe hor , I a get to some ar - away dstination .
I can mak it a quik trp , too .
I can go to Paris for a ong weeked , for exampl .
The pln will t me tee quickly so th I a have
go shoppn , eat se lovly French meals , drink lots of wie and retun before work on onda .
oa rips are long d orig .
I went on an Aaska ruis in 197 .
It wa freezing cl d most of te time we
were us sitting on he ship wit nohig to do but a .
I also ot sea sick .
I defnitely do n't recommend it .
Trains are also boring , unless o tae a ulet train , and I e motion sickness .
herefore , we it comes to speed ad being abl to go places , plan are definitely the be te of traportation available .
I highly ecommen a plane ti as so as possle .
In tda 's intercultural world , n of te best ssts people a nations a he is tolerance and a dep aprecition of cultal values different from their n .
No oner mst training inluds intercultural communicaion and cultural awareness courses .
Howeve , it is probably a tuism that readig abut or watching flms about a untry are only pal substitutes r actually going to vis a ace ad experiencing the differences yoursef .
And h lnge yo sa in a plce ifferent from what you ar accustmed to , te me opportunitis you have to really understand wht makes eple behave a certain y , wt the reall lik and dislike d how their comunity wok .
It was a am evening .
One cou almot feel e silence .
It was as if a huge sorm was comg .
No oe in h neighborhood had a clue of wh was but to hapen in h next few hours .
A of a sudden there was a loud voce tht echoed hroug the neighborhd , n n n almost imagie the silence shattering lke a gass .
Pepe started emerging fo their houses , tir faes peified with ar .
Not knowing whee th oun h come fr , they wee pllin o smrtpones from teir robe and jmming teir fingers on the screen .
lmst all of te were heard shoutng in panic " There has ben a errorist atta in our neighborhood " .
But her w ly one person w knew wh n wer tha explosion had ccured .
He was in disbelief , flabergastd , nevr expectg hat h person lvig next dor would do something so heinous .
Just a day before Michael , ws agung wih his friends tat Rasheed a a very ne gu .
ll educated , en - minded , a lieal at bst .
So what if he oriinated om the Ab peninula ? That does t iml that he is a terroris .
He ha been livg in te U.K . for he past 20 yar .
But this t ws beyond queson .
This was soething that oud not be argued abot .
Not knowing what the intelligent thing to do old be , h fst hing that came to his mind as calling t police .
After briefing th call respndent abt eey detail that he hd known aout Raseed .
He darte toward te bacyard , jmped vr the hdes .
Sprintd towards wat seem ike flame , only to fid Raheed standing across it , blood pourin frm his right and .
In jst a plit second te whole indent s exlined .
What Mchel thought to be a terrorist attack was a ga cylinder xploding .
First ae th confusion and te remors .
Knwing ha he had jopardized is friedship wih Raheed , he quietly returd to his house .
Mihal closd t dr ad knew at that moment he a ade a mistae .
Shopig can be seen as the most effective way to end free te .
Whenever there is a possibility to uy a e itm , one shuld do it .
Soppig has become a way of life for some peple , who see it as a hbby as well as a leasant activity .
Hoeve , it is n alway enoyable .
Suffice it to say , buing n itms may be viwd as a waste of me .
Shopin wihout purchasing anything tends to be exhaustng .
her is aso a possibility of buying unnecessar ies .
Often , it trns out , a purcas sould nt take place at all , te reason being lack of money .
Nonetheless , h value of tm is as mortant as money .
The main ason for this is the ft that free time could be spent in a more sophisicated ay .
Likewise , the joy of shoping is dependent on t tems one intends to purchase .
Obvioly , hopping for fo is not equivale to purchaing clothes .
Te rtcle " Stairways to Heaven : Gohc Architecture , Havy Mal , n the Aestetis of Transendence " is an nparlleled on in terms of te discussion it provokes .
The uthor starts his discussin by discusig hs particular passon for Gothic architecture , and his pssion is rather vid throughou he etir article .
In ordr to xpain the nature of Gothic ahitecture nd it ajr sects , the uhor efficiently mploys musical analogies .
On of the mjor arguments in te article is he coarison between Gothic achitecture and Hey tal rock music .
Bok believs thi very compaisn to be an efficient oe , as it employs parallels hat are easily understandable for a wider audience e to the utilization of simple terms tht they can relate to .
Futermore , he finds that there are may similrites between h developmen of Gothic archiectue nd Heavy Metal oc musi .
For eample , th purpose of th is to induce awe a they bt employ the conets of distotion ( ok 1 ) .
Wa is more , these styes usually td to abandn clssical tedecies , d both ose in response to a new demad in the culture .
he public transport system is overburdened oday .
The nuber of people using public ransprt far outstrips the number of people the ranspot sstm wa deignd to hadle .
The train and buses e crowded , and newer routes do not reflect the chaning demand .
Mass producio s made cars more affordable for the middle lss in recent years .
Also , the inrese in dispsale incom has given mr buyig pwe to consumers .
Both these factors ae l to increased purchasing of cars over h last fe ars .
Ths tred is likely to continue in the futr .
Publc transport ca ot rval the sheer mbiliy that cars ofer to their owners .
rs have th ability to tke you from your home to your place of or witout ny stopvers .
If yo have to ae a train , you have to eac e train station by wlkng , taing a taxi or tkng a bus .
Then , after you gt f the rain , ou agi hae to fnd your wy to your destination by eihr alkng or sig anoher mode of transport .
Cars make it eaier to ransport childen and luggage .
They re safer a cleaner .
Cas ae her to stay .
The same , hoeer , can not be said abut public ansport .
Alion rad the ne , smiled , d imediately put on er coat .
Se breathed a heavy igh of relief as al he panic s finally ove for her !
Hr cherry - re face glistened vigoously in the golden brown sunset like a perfetly bak pastry , as the last of te sun 's ray baed down oer the horizon .
Stepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Alon could her he crackling ad crunching undr her feet , fillng the night with sounds rom te past .
At this point , the vivid srands of grass we hardly visible ; the darkness d coeed thm ik a blankt on a w on ay .
inall , ater a e minutes of walking , lisn approached a te .
She sat dn in the freezing cold night shivering ervously as s watched the mud rom th ground sin her obsidian blc leggings .
In t distance a the ound of panting , it came ike a gut of wnd in the still sile nit .
In te blink of an ey , a small dark figure sped over to ison .
It umed arund feriously as if everything a just a game ad that is when Aison realised things wee no so mu btte tha befor ...
Choosing a favorite seaon wold be diffclt because tey ae ll specl to me .
hey each hae something to ofr and are unie in every way .
Winr is n of my favites becuse it is so beautiful to see everything covre wh a wte sheet of snow .
It so cools y down fro all the heat left frm te ummer a into t all .
Yu ha fun with yor family making nw anges and ha snowball fihts .
Spring is a od seson eause it is between winter and smer , temperatures are not too cold and no o h .
u are comfortable wearing a light jacket outse instead of a heavy war coat .
You n wa n smel the lowers bgining to bloom .
he bird art chirpng early in the morning .
It lets o know tat summer is ne and so is summe vcation .
Summer is great becaus it 's time to put yor et up and relax .
There is no more shoo and y can go to slp ae and wake up at .
Rltives visit or o n visit tm .
Yo can aso do some traveling n xpore ne places .
Relaxig in te pool on a floati luge chi ejoyig cld leonad is the ultimate eperience .
Autumn is aso a gat season beause of ll the clorful laves fallg eve touh they r a hassle to pick up , esecially in the pools .
You can ae fun walking wit friends nd admrig the differn shas of oors on the eves .
The different colrs warm you so .
Autumn is such a calm season .
The leaes urn bautiul tones of yellow , orng , a ed .
Everyone is stating ovr ih a new clas , a n eacher , and some e frends .
When you drive through th neighborhoods you notice tat families are all gathered in se kind of celbraion .
You get such a warm feeling .
It 's ch a peacel tie .
Nw yu know h I can not oose one of the seasons .
All of them are specl in very y .
I love them a .
I 'm just glad I et to noy ery single ne .
Dar r ,
My name is ataia Maciejewska Quiñóe an I am a citen of Castellón .
I am rting this letr to inform o about a serious problem hat we are having in th ty .
Recently , thngs ve been disappearing fo our hes .
We hav called the police , but they ignre us .
The fit few dys , they atrolled the city an helped us .
However , o it seem hat the do t care ha happens .
The polic should help nd me sure tht we r fe , rit ?
hat is why I am writing ti letter , to e you know wa is happening in the city and to tell ou tht the police are t ding their job .
I would like e oal town council to help us in out wht is happening .
People re fraid and we need help urgently .
I would also like yu to tlk to he olice department , bcaus th olice hve to do their b n ake sure we are l sa , not ignor us and say that eveything is fn when everytin is wrong .
Thank you ,
Natalia
I d never lt so nervous ... I lookd at the audience . veyone ws lokng at me .
On the left , I aw my parents . Okay , inha , exhale , I can do this .
I have always dreed of this , being a musicl star on rodway .
I competed in singing competitions en I was younger ad I took ting classes .
My parens always supportd me , th always believe that I could do hi .
I arried in New Yok for mots ago .
Wen I w taking a wl hrough h neighbourhood , I sa this poster about the musal Wicked d hey were looking f omone to play he lad .
Of cors , I took ti opportunity and two weeks later I had to do an audition .
I el lie I meed up , but th next da I got a cll ht I o the role .
I traine ees for his , I took xtr singing and acting classes .
I did n't spak for da to sre my voice .
n final , t moment wa there , the openig night .
My friends and faml were ther to support me .
I t on my ostum n alked on stage . I had to wit until the curtns ened .
Suddenl the curtains oned , the show starte !
Many people stll consider televiion oy as a a to relx , be entertained and stop thinking bou all te problems ht ght wor them .
It is aso importat , thugh , o to underestimte all the educaional possibilities ha it gves you , as soetmes o n earn mo from a documentary tha rm a school bo .
What emrged from he discussion we a in cas , is tht plenty of students spend the fe tie watching seless reality or TV sow , procrastinating instead of studying for scool .
As it is a vey ommon phenomenon among tenagers , school should ho them that televsion ao enables you to learn something ew .
A clear xaple is hat watching television in anoter language is of ital importnce if u aim to ern new vocabulary or improve yur comprehension skls , d it makes stuying a language really fun and joyable .
On e her hand , it is difficult to focus and py atention while yu are in front of a TV screen .
Gettig distracted is extremely likely , therefore pele watching educational programs may end up witching the TV off or turning over to aothr canel , as a od ove or n oter entertainment is w more appaling .
If I had to choose whether to consider teleison educational or no , I wul definitely sa it is .
Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriate way d be caful bot what are the sources of the information od ding a TV show , as it ight be misleading .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I 'm glad I met you nd yr group of overseas sudens .
I 'm sure that y wo n't be disappointed with te on I live in eause there is a lot to se !
I 'm reay keen to so u all th interesting plaes arund .
To my mind , you 're probably totally exhausted because of rvel nd hos firs w day wh ou had to g to no your new surroundings .
So , as you asked me , I 'll propse an interesting place to viit whr you could take a rest and relax .
Kal 's Par is a perfect pae to spend some tim walking along paths , sitig on a bench , talkin to ch other .
In h ubli gden thre are t ponds ( eally ie place to sit nd admr the landscape ) , an atque wooden church , a swimming pol .
her is also ite a i concert hall where , if yo are ucky , you can joy some teresting concerts ( in genral r free ) .
I think it 'll be a perfct place where you cn pen soe ree ie .
I can hw yu aroud te place and tell o a t more abo the city .
I ca so recmend othe places worth seeing in Bytom .
Wte ack to me as on as you decide he you want to go to th pk . I 'll go ith you with leasure .
Tke care ,
Wydr
Dear i or Madm ,
we I sw your advertisement , I insanty hought that I would ike to wor in ne of yu summer camps .
My name is Seraina Fennstemacer , I le in Switzerland at th moment , although I grew up in te U.S. I ae two children myself , an I lway liked working ih chiren .
Since my youge child moved out last ya I have a lot of re im , so I would love to snd the sumer workng in ne of your camps .
I am an outgoing and happy person and like to be around peopl .
Since I used to wrk as a scretay , I feel caable of organizing sports a evening activities , if yu choose to lt me do so .
Ev though coking is not my favorite che , I wud n't mn worig in the kichns .
Afer th short description of myslf , I would just like to sy hat I have ony heard god tngs about yur summr cmps from my relaies in th U.S. , so it wul be my pleasure to wrk for yu .
I hope to ear back fm yo ,
Your faihfull ,
Seraia Fennstermache
er Sir / Madam
I am wriin to yo with concern about th U - trn yo paty ve md and you broken promises .
We beieve none of the proises your party made have be rought int action .
It s said you wold stand up for edery nd il pepe ut nothing has canged .
Secuity against terrist attaks as promied to be steppd up , ut picemen are not en in t streets nd neither e securit camers .
eopl re counting on thi arty to incease publi expenditure , but pensions have taed the same .
People eally need these improemets n o only av them fak hopes .
e of he most disappoining things is that ou playe ow te situatin we are living in and the needs pople have .
We were told this pay woud speak ot against corruption , b now it is yu on poicy , and proise seem like the wre a bad jke .
You me huge U - turns by raising tax and cangig your policies .
We hope this letter il make you back down n apologize to he ones ta voe fo your es .
Fortunately , we discvered he rl pocy tis party has and is really cmng under ir .
People ar oticing your promises are no oing to be kt and I am ure her will be plen of people complainig about the lack of truth in your prmises .
Yours faithflly ,
ara Calvillo
ie of Duy , a powerful an grippng raa tat gets t nation talking
in of Duty is a British police ram , reate by d Mercuro , about te invstigations of AC-12 , a controversial Plice Anti - Corruption Ut .
A rge list of characters ppears through te pisodes , bing the comn thead that connects he t seasons the regular oe : Martn Compsto ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) ad Arin Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
Therefore , the first chapter fetres Detctiv ergean Stev Arnott , a high - lying countr - terrorsm officer , wo is recruited to AC-12 ater refusn to llude with his collgues in he cver - up of a failed opration in which a man was mistakenly sho by anoher co .
He 's one of AC-12 's leadng investigators although he sometimes has e tendency to l hs personal feengs wy his professional judgement .
Fleming plays his artner 's role , an AC-12 undercover secalist , h prids hersf on bing the onsumate profesional , unmoved by emotional consideratons .
Both of he share a superior , Hasting , who reans the ethically upstanding seni investigating ofier ; zeaus n suspicios , n bng eveyone 's c of tea .
Ev though widely recognised for hi impecable etical standards , he hides a rstic hnge in s personal circumstances .
eir scenes are reatedly soen , thouh , by e real stars of he shw , e officers who re under suspicion of coruption : Lene James ( DCI on Gae ) in h firt season , ad Keley Hawe ( DI Lindsay Dento ) in h second one .
With calculated precision , the plot htches a story where thre e no godies nd bddies , and throws in a f twists and turns hat make your ja drop -indeed , Detecti Chief Inspctor Tony Gat h adopted a s of particular ethical principles and , nevrtheles , he 's adored by his loyal tea , has got a nice family nd has recently been aarded " Officr of t Yea " .
To conclude , those who ultimately felt miserable after the end of the spellbinding second seson need not wry ; Lie of Duty writer Jed Mercurio has ben commissione by te BBC to write the third ad fourth series , and if you ven't tie it before , yo 've ust about t time to catch up .
If u were a UK touris coming to Switzerland r a sot weeked break ifteen years ago , you would hve found ourslf in a ituation wee no shops had Sunday opening hour .
I clearly remmber bringing mik and bad over fo Heathrow on Sundy mornings !
B e situation is ompletely different now !
Now ou can shop on Sundays although you shopng spree will still be limited to Zuri railway tation d the airpo , t to mention som liited choie of impl foods at ocasional motora services .
Bt it is an improvemet , to say th least !
Althoug the se of e verage spermarket in Swierland wil till remn yu of a medum - sized ilage shop , there as ben irovement thre as ll !
We can now see international brands we r use to in the UK .
One can cose between orgaic and low - ft products , om of which are produced far from our shos .
B the price wil shock and surprse you , they e double or trle h UK ones .
t a ood experience or ill - hearted !
If you have song nerves , do your indo shoing in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürich .
But do not go in !
You can fnd the same stuff in Italy or half the rice !
The o house loed aandone .
Sarh gt ff h bie and looked through te widw .
She immediately noticed tht he glass a brok , probably shattered in ieces by thos oys h invited her to pa wih them at the mansion .
rah s not exactly the coest il in th schoo but e came anywy , thiing that mab fr on she would be accepted in their gro . ut no o as to be see behind ta wndo .
Sara culd never have imained at t neaky boys were idden inside the abandoned house waiting for e etrance with eggs d tomatoes in heir hands , ready to smsh em io h face .
he ws just abou to op h door to check the side when , sddenl , a scream hoed fr the house , the or slame ope a the group staed running at fl speed , chased by fur b spidrs w ad just discover that their home had just been occupid .
Sarah peeked through he dor d immediatl reaized th evil intetins of the group . "
I guss wt gos around comes aroud !
" e shute to them wh a smile on he face . Wt ts sory to tell she will finally hut hose boys ' mouths at school .
Smething a wrong !
Se s sure but tt .
e kn her husband better thn ersel an had noticed s strange behavior o a while .
Usualy he was nergetic , ll of confidence , ready to part .
But nt any more .
He s absn - minded l he time , he d o liste to e and hn e asked him a qeston , he jt shrugged h sholders or rinkld hi nose .
aybe they could o avoid the svn - year tc .
Maybe he h a mistress .
Bt sh ad no intention of giving up .
She d fugt too hard for ti lif d sh woud t let their log - standig relationship be uine just like tht .
ey met each other nin eas ago .
By accdent , he thought .
An ccidnt hic a been el prpred by r .
S always planed er stps carefully .
H mother was a h woan who dd not know what to do to scap fm poverty ad eve though se had two or three jobs all the time , hey di n ow if they uld ae somewhere to sleep the net night .
So he was er escape .
He ws ell - off n fuy .
He wa n stupid , but y could no expect any pearls of wsdm from m .
He ha neer wrkd , bt they had be lving in a 40-room house with a hu garden n so an servant that she culd not remember their nas .
hy ad ner orried about mony - l bills were paid by his trus fund .
Who would nt to lose hi nd of lfesyle ?
So she decided to as him traight wy .
" Hve you t a mistress?",she aked on moning wen hey er having breakfast .
He had not een tat coming d bcame white as a heet , raised his eyebrows and just exploded .
" How could yo eve say that ? I woul ner ever do that to u . "
At tha oment he was ike a bear ih a sore head .
h wantd aswers and to have them he needed to be ave n dead of a hea ttack .
So she tried to cal him down .
" What is going on then ? An do t ie to me ! Yo have alwy been a very bad liar ! "
He held his breath for a eond , pured his lips
nd then wods just slipped of his tongue .
" We r broke .
We do n have any mony left .
So I hae fon a jb " .
" Ae yu idding me ? Yu have ever worked in your lie .
Wat can yo possibly do ? "
" I am a portr .
Every morning I go to te prt ad unlod ships .
Nobody there knows me so you hould n't be afraid tat oe of our riens wi rcognis me .
Nobody wi ever nw that we are poor now " .
It ws her tur to hold h breath .
She was us numb .
He ws srng as an ox , for se , bt working as a porter ?
This ms be ome kind of jok .
He was waiting for er respons .
She had alays been level - headed nd tried to come up with a lan .
" We n mo to smaller ouse or fire sme of h servns ? "
" at is impssble ! What would our fiens s ?
And whre would I pu my wn collection ? I would raher work as a orter than live in a 20-room house " .
Ty definitel had different ids of poverty .
But beor laifying tha , he wanted to s e more mportat question :
Were , o God 's sake , a the money gone ? !
It was a cold wier fternon in Englnd he Michael as orn .
Ever sce he w a little oy , people around him d known that hs chi d a strange character .
He s really moody and he old go fm extrme happiness to the ms absolute sades in a ew secods .
When he grew up he struggled to overcome i illness and he became a sane , stong , hndsoe youn adult a .
However , l the peope in his neghbourhood feaed h because of hi past .
Micha had ways felt alone an he ws fed up wth hat siuatio .
Therefo , he ecied that he as goin to meet n peoe to begin a n life .
At the age of twenty years , he t a job as a personl traine whr he earned enough one to nt a lat .
In this w , he move to hs ew neighbourod where everybody respected im .
One day , he fell in love wth oe of his emale customers .
She w a eautiful , tal , blond , lish girl called Magda h worked as an rchiect in a stdi in he centr of London .
Ther relationship a ee exellent nce te frst tie that they had met each othr and two moth atr hy decided to become lovr .
Michael 's new lie was wokin ut for th st ut it is er dficult r anyoe to esape fro hs past .
Altogh his lif w perfet , he began to feel ick an a ad he reembred s pas le when he w a child .
Slowly he becam ill one more time .
Although he had ben trying to id tis , his ersnal prolems were obvious and Magd did n't feel happy it him .
Finly , ther elatinship broke up and Michal fll deeper into his illess than ever .
Three mots later , Mgd was wlking wth her new oyfriend a Michael saw thm . He a totally insane an jealous . He rabbd an enormous stick from the nearet tree d he bet hm as hard as he could .
The attck lasted two endless minutes whch we full of suffering , blood d pain .
he young cule of lovers fell on the flo nd Michael ran away to is hom .
His inane evi ind id n't go aay until he reacd hs lat .
At that mmet , everything changed , he rmembere is childhood , hs recvery ad h sane life . hen Michael closed the door ad kew at that moment he ha made a mistake .
In my opinon , public transport is doomed , because travelling by car is ch more convenient d at the sae me th esiet way to reach any destination you wih to get to .
On the o ha , public trnspor is slow and uncmfortale .
eope have to sit nex to other peole they do n't ow r a long time . In ote wors , yu may be sitting ext to suspicious pasengrs .
ickpocket ae frequent and o mht end up eing robbed , losing your mony , crdt cards nd personal ID ard as el .
On te other ad , ravlling by ca allows y to estblsh your own pac , even whn you travel to a ple you do nt kw so ll .
This eans y can se the me you at to leave , ecase you do ot have to respet a spcific timetable .
Furhermore , you can chose an atrnative rd , rather than taking a main roa .
This way y will have the hane to have a more rlaxin journey throuh the ountrysie , traffi ill n be so intense nd aggressive , and finall , you can plan the time y at to ariv , using a GS or other technology to ep you plan yo journey .
To sum up , travelling by puic trnspot can be advantageou when you travel inside a town , bt en yo hve to trav outside your speciic territory , nothing is beter than a c .
Michael had been workng very hard , and just seemed to rlly be vewhelmed by al the work he d be carrying o er the cous of h month .
Wel , on this prticular morning , Micae seemed to be getting aong uit well , he ppeared to be enretic nd ver vibrant hat particular orning .
His attention to dtal appeaed to be trustwrth and crrect , d normally hi attention to detal is nt something tt is challened , bcuse of how reliable he is .
el , as the da as coming to a close , Mchael h a distinct feelng tt smthing ju s n't orrec but he dismissed that feeling d continued with s day as he usually does .
el , the d 's rspnsibilities , in Miael 's mid , a be successfully acomplised and he felt rell confident abt all he had accomplisd .
Needless to s , Mihel could n't have ben any more deceived tha he had ealized , eause t unfortunate thing is ha when he ws din his walk - through in all of his deartment the invntory that was suposed to be submitte was in fact inaccurate .
Bcuse , atr , Mchae closed the door nd knew at that moet he d ad a mistake .
Dear Jn ,
H e y feling ?
You sounded realy tessed in your last email and I am worrid about hat .
Are things better oday ?
I now o e uder a lot of pressue becase of your final ams ad I can really undrstand how yo r feelng rigt now , buried in a mountain of oks nd otes , with no fr tie for other thngs or just to ela .
I 've ben though l these things .
Do n't you remember o you heered me up whn hings coud n't get a worse ?
I tik o should take a beak .
Nothing is worth gettin stressed out aou .
If o can study in sort bursts and take some breaks , y 'll be mo fficient by fr in your studies ha slogging away r hour on end .
Think about it !
Another thing that elped me a ot was doing sports regularly nea hom .
ogging or going ut for a wa helped me to boost my enegy lvels ad to cle my mind .
It ealy works !
What aut our mals ?
I thnk it 's very useful - d iht n I snd like yur om - to eat properly .
You should orget fast food ke McDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to t resh food , sc as salads , tons of fri , an yu 'll feel bettr .
Blieve me !
Serously , if there 's aything I a do , lease e me know .
I 'd loe to hear from you and maybe we can me som plns to meet up .
Take ce and do n't let it get you dow !
os of love
Ainoa .
What re the value of oun people nowadays ?
To answer this question , e first ing to onsder is if young pole really ve sncre values , or on te contray , if they are only simle copies of a curent model of a fake ociet hih iposs unattainable streotypes on them .
Nowadays hre are mny teenagers h la teir o ientity .
Te spend a their im thinking only about moe , soia netoks or fashion .
Neertheless , r om arrogance d vanity , we cn still fd some yun people w hv interetig personal valus that are ue by them to define eir lifsyle .
Some alues suc as solidarity and empathy , that were believed lost , an apper sprisingly in the personalit trts of many yng pople today .
In addition , thse ersonal vals jone others uc as courage , curiosity , imagination and he sens of adenture , are mortant aspecs to consider and tey can become vey effective weapos to change the wrd if the ae used suitbly .
Cnsidering ll ti , nowadays it is soiall important to evelop ositve alus among you people , uh as spect and tleranc , to rate nest dult people .
The 21st century s given a n maning to the word rendship .
From what evolved as a comradeship between 2 people based on acquaintance , uual interest and copanionshp , it s med forth to relatonships here peple ha o vn me one another phycally .
In the pst , frind were made when pepe met each other , other than , of course , p fiend .
Today , wit technology , friends a ae at h cck of a e , be it on soia mdia or mbile devices .
Frendhip was nurtured a we took im to do activities wh rieds d best fieds were limied to o or o of the closst associates .
Tod , with the BFF ccept , n has a bs iend in evr ook and cranny f different purposes .
Friendship stood t te of time an grew tronger wih disagreements , fights and misunderstanding , all being resolved n forgotten in te am of riendshp .
oay a minut incident can just tear apart a friendsip .
We made the extra fort to be friends in the past and it generally worked bt was .
Toy , friendshp re tk ake take and very fe stad th te of tme .
riendshi oday is a friend or frieds fo each season a eson , while t friendship of te pa was whatever the situation or me a frnd stans hrough .
I 'm 24 years old , so I blng to t previous generatin , when family , schol and life in general wrked in a different way , from my point of view .
I have a wonderful fmil , mde up of my athr , my mother and my w siblings ( a sster ad a brother ) , both oder tn me .
I cnsider myself lcky because I know I a always cont on them , ad bease they lv me as mch as I love them .
However , his des n't mean tt my parts , especially when I was a child , always told me " yes " and e me do whatever I wanted to .
On the contrary , I grew up with many " no " s , and I do t always agree ith them in different situations .
ut they taugt me all e imotant vles and god manners , and I 'm grateful to hem fr ha .
Because nowadays I e around me kids who ae pleased in every a by tir arents : they buy them whatever th wat , and behave like " fieds " .
I believe that hi is wrong , because by doing so they 're not doing their job wel .
Pares ms be parens , and fiends mut be fiens .
This os n't mean ta parents should kee themselves stant rm their childen ; on the cntrary , a chil hould talk to hir aily , king for avice or just to confront ach other , because comuncation is at the basis of rlationships of every kin .
I just think that ah of us in our fe pays a role , and that eing parents is ot an es jo , bu he soul try to do the bes .
he Miracle eort , Bangkok
The Miacle is an extraordinarily large rsort .
Counting 33 sorie in te main building , it coul be the biggest reot in Bangkok .
The resr mainly focuses on cldren , hih is , in my eyes , a good idea .
The ocus on children a be found in the he contiution he Kids Club makes to the daily life in e hotl .
Yu c fi id Cub 's members evrywhere in the hotel , except fo your room .
T hotel handles privac very wel ad I ges most of the gsts will appreciate it .
owever , walking dstancs in the hotel ar ay too ar for familis wit young children .
You find yousel waling five hundre mtrs to the swimmng pool .
That ds n't se oo far , bt when ou have small hidren , you could be waling this twelve tms a a .
A quick trip to the tolet change int a 1 ilomeer ke , hich is not peasan he u have mall hildre .
In conclusion , h Mracl Resot is a vry bautiful nd appelng ace to go .
Thre ae pleny of things to do , and te ambiance in the hotel is relaxed , so o an really joy ou holidy .
A more compact building woud be more apprciated by ot people .
Finding a new jo hs beco a ogh ask for all pple who have ust finished their studies .
So a lot of them go abrod in orde to fid a od job in btter conditions .
Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it too .
I hav fnished my degre ad my girlfriend is jt abt to do it .
Ou pla is to go to Birmingham with my cosin Dniel ho hs be living ther fo 3 years and to stay with him just the time we nee until we a fid a job and a place to spend the mont bcase we must retr in Octobr .
As I sid before , h main objctive is finding a ob tre , ainin some experience a iprovig ur ngish level .
I think ht it wold be quite ea for onts to find a job , but I am uite worried abo my opportunities .
If I am ucky , I would aply f an intresting job , but I thk tt I will apl r a normal job uh as brman , working in a facoy , etc .
If eerythin os as expected an we both find a job , we will visit the cy of Lonon .
I hope that this dvnture gos well , becaus we r very excited n it would be seful in oer to ind a b en we come back to Spain .
Lara is he ne gir in town .
ou ca tell becuse verybod looks at her like he is me craz urdering d .
Mst of the student at Lar 's ew school do not ak to er . Ty are a little bt to cautious aut interactng with her .
Who can blame them ?
The al grw up togeter and av been friends since their childhood .
Frstrated , ura accepted her new life of slitude ousid of t sece society of thers .
Bt o day she collided wth his by .
Hs name w Michael .
And h thought that ths s hr chance to e in , to be one of thm .
Bu Michael s ken on getting i of er .
He hd o spoe one or to Laura , bu e folloed i around sinc e incident .
One day , wh she followed i home she said : Ok , I give up !
If nbod talks to me , then none of you ha the igh to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of your life , bcause if yu act like tht without knoing me , ten y do not deere my attetion .
He thout that th s very bve , but he id n't have enuh confidence to tell h ht .
He opeed the oor to i home , tok a dp breath an turned rund .
ood !
We do n't wnt yo attention !
Michae closed the oo an knew at th moment he had made a istke .
" Sense8 " is a new nd of television eries that has grasped the attention of milions of viewer fom th fit episode .
This TV eries is resente by Netflix , an olin service th allo its suscibers to view any TV Show , anywhere , a on any device .
The firt differnce whe copared to orinary TV Shows is ha al episodes om Saon n were released at t sam time .
Thi sem like a small thi but it epreents a jor chang in the way eople ew TV shows .
By relasing all eisode at once , ac ur can watch ac chapter at their wn rate and speed , evourng hem all in an afternoon or onl one per wek .
The seies rvides an unrtodox insigt nt he lives of igt popl that e connected by some sort of magical sirit .
hi connection alow em to s thrugh ac others ' eyes , a en control each otes ' mvemets .
In oer to ke e series more interesting , the directors decide ta ah of the eigt chosen oe wld be in a difernt country .
hi deciion made te sies extardinary , wit cees filme in Seoul , Nairobi , San Francisco , Mumbai , Lndon , Bein , Mexico and Chicago .
Th series provides an amazing window int ight differnt , and extraordinary wrld , wt beautifu landscapes .
To s up , I wud highly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - ficio , t ls to anyone curious about different cultures as " Sense8 " rovides an unseen view in th ves of eight ery different charactrs , their surronding , religions , a tradiions .
Hi Juliana ,
Thank u for yor email .
To be honest , in the qestinnaire o st , I could ie a positive response to most of he questions but I do n't consider melf a de expert .
I could n't answer , in particular , h question about PP and MySQL .
In JavaScript I have soe expeience u nt of th neessay quality that is required r ch a position , I hin .
Le I told you , I 'm a web graphic designer , mong other things , focused ore on design a my use of od is very limited .
If I have to , I seach e e for information d iplment it bt it equirs me .
Perhp there is some chace of acquiring knowledge durin the developmen of the activiy .
About my CV y have . It is up to dae and you a kep it . Mae you ae some new ofe that matches better with my pofle .
I am vry intereed in mutilingual jobs , wit German , Spanish , Engih and Italian , related to arketng , IT eb - anaytics , Custme sevce ...
Do n't hesitate to conact me if u have sme offer that o think could fit ith my background .
I 'm always opn to nw nterestin suggestions .
He a beautiful d .
Ramón Verdugo
A Love Affair with aking
What is it aout ooking shows ?
Why is it hat whenever Ina artn , Ana Oln or Nigella Dawson is on , I end to top everythin that I 'm dong d ust et fixate on t TV ?
The od etwork has bcoe my favourite chane . I can watch it the wole dy !
It 's so relaxing and er nforative . I never get bored .
Cookig shows r fun to watch , but my favourite shows r those about ckes and pastres .
I really njy bakig n I often b books abt it .
Cheesecake , fo me , is h implet yet mos sophisicated ca ther is .
To make one , jst whisk some egs and sugar , d some mik d a few dros of vanll an the pour onto a greased cake a an bk .
Aftr a couple of minues , ak t cake out of t oven and lt it col down .
It 's bet seved when illed , so better it fr a fe more minus beore divin ino it .
To decorate the ak , whip som cream and top wih reh fruit .
Introdution
The purpose of ti epor is to outine some aspects of my eperiene , uch as , with wom I stayed , were I snt the eek and what place I visited .
I will also ma reference to some sggetions that igt ep to iprov the excange rogramme .
Paticulrities of the exchange
Rcently , I spent a week in Switzerland as a ar of a studes ' exchange programme .
I sayd with a local faily , which hppene to be h family of e pron that sayed with me when he ok par in te sae rograme .
is nm is John , and lk me he is doing a degree in Physics Engineering in t hope that someday he can wor at a rsearch center , uc as CENE , convenently locaed a ew mle wa from his ouse .
I stongy recommend that e prormme organsers shod ake interest - free lans availale to people wihing to participate in an exchange .
This would alw considerable numbers of talnted studnts to beefit fo an opportuniy which ey would oherwie be unable to take .
Bfoe addrssig the qestin of what is betr r yon people , I wold lk to remid you ta bo activities ( spending tim on a oputer and wtching televisin ) ar hamfu or children's / teens ' health .
On h her hand , it 's impossible to imagine our life without computers and teevsion .
With the help of computers , young peol can meet new riends , find ut a l of nformaion , take part in orms a discussions .
Surfing he Internet ned imagination , logical thinki n knowledge .
Yng people re able to cose what tey want to wath / ea / listn to , a e choce is practically unimied .
Television ca n't gve uch an opportunity .
Precisely here is fud h crux of the prblem .
Ther a plenty of free ite th conent that is ar from mrl ; many computer gam involve cuelty .
And the da at , by spending time on Intenet has , oug eople develop their social skills , is problematic .
I ish it were so !
But getting used to the Iternet 's rul of communication , hy might find it difcult to ce up to reality , a make friends in the eal world .
For my pat , I spend a lo of time on my compter ( learning Eglish nd wrkng ) .
But when I wt to lax I 'd rather atch TV with my friends han fritte way time sitting ale in front of te computer !
This resauant s recommended to me by my aunt who was working ju around he corner from this resaurant a few years ago .
This restaurant secialies in outheas Asian cuisine ad it is called he Chai .
Personally , what I love about hi restaurnt is th abince .
It has a unique modr - rustic interior desig suitable o y occasion , be it a birthday paty , famiy gathering or ee a te wt our love one .
Besides that , this restaurnt is loctd in the heart of one of the mot popular cities in southeast Asia , Kuala Lmpur .
I ws bon away by e breathtain view of e cty from my wndow .
Frm my experience , I feel tha th fod seve in his restaurant is of fine quality , o to menton how delicious the foo is .
No nly ta , I was spit r choice as I flipped thouh the menu as there as a huge ariety of southeast Asian oo ht raged rom Thai od , Indonesian fod , Chinese od ad the list goes on .
e food on the meu was amazngy not fo illustration uposes nl as the od te served loked exacy like the fod on te menu .
I think this is th mos suitable restaurant for this specia occasion as evryone would have a wide variety of food to choose rm n us let the vie of the cty enhance the night .
So , as e n of ter is getting closer nd closr , ma sudets are becomin sressed u n it is certainly not different for me .
But if you know how to ea wth your aniety dung t exam period , you can take the success of passin exam for granted .
Firstly , create your timetable .
That is one of the most reliable was to ke sure you wil manage things on ime without any unncessary tres .
Place it in t mt visible and strtegc lac in you ro and tic to it .
Speakig of mentl n physical alth , yo should dfinitly g enough sleep .
ithou ind n od regeneration , yo wll n be able to lar as ast a as effectvely as ou wold after a good rest .
To kick of yur da , ge your bdy enough nerg in the form of proteins .
lso , to activate yr brai quicker , go ut for some freh i .
The mor oxyn you get for yur organism , the easier you will be be to concentrate on anything you do .
La but not let , te xam itself is e tought nu to crck .
Fcus and go throg the given tks slowly ad keep calm .
Mark and leave th mst difficult ones ntl te e .
This etho will ke you sate of mi assertive n lear .
od luck wt the upcoming eams !
Communication is one of e bigges problems amg tay 's teenger .
I remebr wen I was a d the only thing I used e phne or was to call my friends to play on h street .
e telephone was a convenience , smethng ue to help people communicate , to make the ies aser .
The Internet hanged eple 's routine .
Today , the Intrnet is one of te ost effective a efficient ways to communiate .
Telephones changd , echnolgy came sartr nd lows people to tay connected everywhere they go .
Despite he arg numer of advanages that the Iteret an phones give us , th e of technlog affects people 's ability to communicate face to face .
We communicat through our accounts , emai or hats .
We just tke trns talking ( chatting is maybe more correct to s ) d mos of e time without an am .
Usg messages , people forget to use grmmar or even om ful sentences .
B that 's not th biggest proble .
The worst ting is ha people do n't know how to lk to eah other , how to make conversation with ew people or en wh old friends .
Emoticons replace emtons , ats replace cal , username replace people .
Nowadays , communication fce to fe is something ae and , mot of h im , acidental .
People just tk turns talking without puttng in any urpos or feling .
Dear ohn ,
Thk you r your enquiry and your interest in comi here .
I il gi you se information that shol elp you duin your tay he .
hre are n't many guidebooks out my ciy so I will recmmend you a plae wrt seeing .
The mos interesting pace is te Pk of Traitin , opened last year .
e pak consists of a complex of enovated buidings .
In te centre of th ar ther is a sha which is . h shaft is beautifully illuminated at night .
There is also a building which ca be cnsidered an inteactive museum .
In a very interesting way you can find out somehing about the history of Siemianowice an bot mies .
There ae a lot of old hoto compared with n es .
Yo can se how plac sd to lok nd how thy look today .
Wht mpesses me t mos is t combination of d eements of the building wi glass and bricks .
In that buiding yo can aso id a mal inea .
There is ao a cafe wich serves radtional Silein cuisie .
During summer , the pa organizes many exhibiions n cultural evnts .
It 's really oth seeing .
I hope you ll find me to visit that pa .
Slesian culture offes a lot , so I think you wil hav fn visiting he ark of Tradition .
Take care , hope to hear from ou
King .
Basketball - the best sor evr !
I 'm sure you 'll agree with h fact that basketbal is a go port fo the body an soul to .
It 's a ta sport wher you have to start a stop lke in aerobics .
It brn lo of calories , ilds edurance n buils up msles .
80% of the game is ental : o have to think about hat mo o shoul make et and wha t rest of the ea is up to .
As wll as beg a great ay to stay fit , basketball n help you to make new friends and make ou a ood team player .
That 's why basketball is my fvourite sport d it soud be yours to !
If you are thnkin that o should do oe sprts , you would really enjoy aying asketball .
If you do n't really enjoy playing in a team , do n't worry !
Basketball a be pled and enoyed with as few as wo pope , even if h official game of basketball require 10 eole .
The eauty of this sprt is hat , as long as you ave a ball , yu can spend hours dibblin or shootng on your own .
I think that you shod start practicng this sport bcause it helps ou physiclly ad mntally n it is a good a to socialze .
ichael cose t do nd knew at that moment he had de a miske .
That wa it .
It really w over between h a Marinne .
Aftr ears of contemplating between saing wit Mariane - ho was mre or less he joy of hs parents ' life - not him , Marianne - fr life , or leaving an starting resh , he ad fnally choen the latter , thinkng hat it ws e ght decision to make at at moen .
Bu nw , every second tht passe ate that monumental omet st made i fee worse and worse about himel , aing second hoghts aot wheer he should hae stayed wt Marianne or no .
He sighed as he sat down on t big mpty coch d remebeed all the memories he shaed wt Marianne .
Bo good d a .
The first dae s mor or ss awkward , which was typicl for most first dat in lie .
He had taken e out to a fi - str restaurant , whic he insist a oo much , which got Michael to insist at it ws okay .
Bt all awkwardess aside , it edd it a first kiss .
A tidal wave of feelings sparked insde chael 's head as he mve i lips along with Marianne 's .
A few wes later aw te occasion of their firs fih .
Michael had an unexpected le meetig at work tht nigt ad frgot to call ome , which made Marinn completely furis ; throwin thigs at the wall , crashing ptes ro h couter to the ground , the whoe nin yrs .
fter Mical arey came Marianne down , tey hd a mature heart - to - hart , e someoe would sa was wa too ate , but at ta mment , it felt right .
His mnd th thught of their last kiss .
Man , when was ha ?
It had to be about a fortngh o , before he went to Soch or a business meetn .
It ws mely a godby kiss , a quick brush of is before he had to rus to the airpor .
A eek lter , he found tht Maianne as cheating on him with a European businessman he did n't av the mid to remembe the na of .
It a the uoficial n of te lationship , the decision before e actual talk .
But at tht moment , it eed .
But , in lf , yu ca n't od oo the past . ou have to kep ovin forward .
Yu ve to carry on .
An one day , you 'll find t true love that y 'll trust , the one that 'll cah ou he ou fal , console you whn u cy .
Yu ju he to keep lokin .
Nowadays , the healthy habits of young eole are very differt th in the nintie .
And we ned to knw the rasn for thse change and what we can do to iprov tem .
Frtly , it is tre ht young people used to do sports aly anywhre , at school or in te street , and al ty i n't u to eat fas fod .
ecodly , many pople argue hat society as expeienced great hanes in family le .
Parents work outside the home ll day .
Although ty wnt the best fr their childn , someties it is difficult beause ey ar tred and they tend to reare nk fod n allow em to snd their tim on te internet or laying with vde games .
In my opinion , parents should be oncered about their family 's cofort and should mtvate hei childe to do sport , be in contact wh a l of people and vid eating ft food .
ete lookd at is watch n knew that he had to do smething mmediatey .
However , hee was no y he could rember what it was .
He stard felin nervous and dzz because he kew it was something eremely imporan .
He decided to et hs computer d chec his alendr , ut it as in his offc , which s 8 mines wy by ar .
There s no other opto , he went to th garae and go into e cr .
But here ha been a snowstorm a he col n't drive throg te snow .
he wnd wa freeing ld , and o he had to wlk to the office , wih was a 25-minute walk aay .
He t on a jacet and a scrf and left again .
us to mae everything worse , on his way to the office , he lipped on he snow ad fell on his ba .
Pee got tee ad ha to take ratically l of h clote o because the office was like an oven .
He fund t copute n ceked his caedar which said : Flight to New York , leaves at 6 pm , on Mond the 19t .
And it wa 6:32pm . "
Gosh dag it ete !
Yu missd or figt n it a a business ti ! You 're going to get fired ! " ,
he said to himself as he whimered .
I 'm going to talk aou Doctor ho , a Britis sci - fi TV show abut an lin calld t Doct wh trave through time and pce in a police box calld the TARDIS ( Time an Relative Dimension in Space ) .
The first epsde aired in 13 and , since hn , Doctor Who ha bee n of the mt famous sci - fi TV shows on television .
Atually , st ya wa s 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a spcial episode in 3D was broadcast .
ine he TV show aired the characer of te Dctr has been played by 12 actors , e newt n a announced in the summer lst ea , which is wh I was visiting London wth my fmiy .
It eally caught my ttenion how revant Dctor ho is in the UK bcuse alost ery te I turne on h TV there was someone talking about ho old be the new Docr . It appard on th news , in newspapers and on the dy the BC as going to revea e am of th ctor they ven mae a special show abot it .
However , I really led experencing ha because I had never seen the dia in Spain ay so mu attention to a TV so .
Sin I w in Lono , I thought I wuld vsit h Wo Shop . It is a sho dedicated to Dctor Who and it has a museum with ostumes d oter hings tht have appeard in he TV sh .
We did n't av muc ti to go the because it w far from ou hte so I had to go with my father while the rest of my family a smewhre else .
If we had sayed mor time , we oul have ee able to spn mr time at th shop , t anyway , I loed going here and meeting othe pope o ls liked Docto Who nd I bogh some merhandise frm the sh .
Whn the BB finally announced who a goig to py the 12h ocor , many fans ot upset bot heir choice becus tey thought the new aco s to old an te said tey dd n't li it .
But , hopfuly , nt everyon was like that .
We an important TV show goes though such a big change not everybody likes it , ta is w the sme thng hppened hen the BBC annouced who would be playing the 1th Doctor .
Nobod like hi at first , t now ht he is leaving everybody oes hi nd wans him to sy .
Actualy , I 'm ne of those fans o ar sad about the 11th Doctor leaving bcuse he is my avourte oe , as he ws the e I experienced Doctor Wh wh , beause I state watcing the TV hw whn he was plying the ain oe .
Anywa , befre the BBC ad announced who w going to lay he Doctor 's role , h fans a starte making peculations about ho ould act as i .
Some said that he ould be lyed by thr famo Bitis actrs , but thes tough that an acress should pa e new rol .
I found ut about Doto o because a friend of mie sa people talkng abt it online and h old me about it .
he I started wathing it I thuht it was a bit eird ut I ene up realy liking it .
Than to it , I have met a o of people who share e sme nteress as I do an I av disovred ome of my favourite TV shows .
I like Doto Who because tm trael hs always caught my attention . Alo , I like it because he plot is incredible . omething that happened in season e an be conncted with some of the lter episodes .
ear S / Madam
I am writng to aply for the job in summer cams which w advertised in e USA newspaper last week .
As I am studying physical eduction , I have a lot of experience of looking afr hldren .
Las year , a rop of little ds came to niversity and we had to teach them several games and outdoor activities - thanks to his prjct , I am able to orgase entertaining spors and activities .
I ha jt completed a 5-year cors in nlish a I got very good marks .
Although I never take essons in cooking , I ok varied mel at home every day .
I ve alone , so no e oes it r me .
I am sue I am the ight person for te job - becus I ha patience with childe . I kn ht the enjoy doing , and my cooking skills e vey useful too .
I would be able to strt immediately .
I hope you ll consider my application - I c be cntcted by email at ny time .
Yours faifully , Jleta .
Alison read h not , sied , and immediatel put on er coat .
It w one of tos ndigo ngts , almos as if e Northern Lgts ee shinig tether ith her hppinss .
Her litle brother was still sleing it an empty somah d eyes ill we .
The world is a dsertd lae , at least it is for Aison and her sibig .
Sh 's been tlkng to im plaintiel to put h to slep , reading him t same old tty pperbck bok with o fairy le only .
And when th had nothing to quench their hirst n nger with , he used to invnt imaginary word where they ar wealthy nd do n't ha a thugh in the world .
Th note was aost illegie but Alson kew .
She has ee watig for at moment l her ife .
I 'm OK .
The nte rea nd hr trs rolled do her le fae .
At least we are ot alone , se sai a uged er brother .
I 'm OK .
She read it at leas wety ies , then threw it awy a prepare er oul fo their father 's rrval .
Hv yu ever taveled by pane ?
Hv you or someone you know been to another country , on another coninent ?
Mo , if nt all , of the inhabitnts of hi planet oud answer ' yes ' .
Last century provided us with ountles opportunities to be more mobile .
We , humans , can sa that we live on the planet Earth without being metaphorical f t first ime in all o history .
There a still borders , both on maps and in mds for us to ovrome , t te situation has changed drastically in a century or ls .
The world of th first af of the XIXh entury s quite differnt from tht .
Of ours , ms westners wer alread be to iagine te globe wt relatve auracy , but the iture in their mid differed fom the n in ous .
It d h ame ades as medieval maps that pictured draon guaing an earthly paradise somewhre ea he shre of India .
By ' shades ' I mn not rel color , but those undertones at our mind iparts to everything it comes nto ontct ith .
China a Idia were almost of he sae accessibility r the ordinary carpenter rom Edinbugh as they were for his predecessor five centuries go .
' Education is e most owerful weao which yo can use to change h world . '
- Nels Mandela . I believe that educaion is important and it is able to bring about enormous changes to an indivdual .
hen I was a i , I sared to ink aut bing a tecer .
That 's why I hav always been aking an effort to enhanc my knowledge nd experinces to be a teacher in my uture career .
ine I as in F.5 , we I became capable of teahig omeody , I started to be a Korean tache an a private English tuor .
From these eperences , I discovered that teching people ill nev be an effortess job .
As a eaher , I ve to be cnsiderate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisie .
I ae to r my bes to take care of al student and to ensure tht the ontets r accessible or them .
Apart ro tht , it h ben god practice for speaking .
As a teacher , I he to tlk in rnt of many studets and hat helped me to become a better seaker .
I ve gined a lt fom thee experiences .
In der to enhance my knowledge , I tried to grb he chance to rais my Eglish level .
In 2014 , I cmpeted the ' et 's Debate ' writing program ofered by T Stanad and wrote a total of 4 aricles f the ' Let 's Date ' column of The Standard Studnt n Junior Standard .
It wa a trul valual progrm fo me n it improved my English .
Moreover , I also paticipated in the Standard Chartered Hong on English Public Speakn Contest in 2015 .
Although I was ot abe to attan an awards in the competition , I ained a t of public speaking skills fom the competiti .
These expeiences wer tremendously memorable for me a it as an honor to ake par in these evns .
part om at , as I believe ht languages re t baic channl of communication between peple , I ae studied everal frein laguags to equip myself .
tarting ro F3 , I learnt Korean an I ataind level 5 in TOPIK ( Tet of Proficiecy in Korean ) .
I have also be preparing for th evl 6 test snce he .
Oter than Korean , I ave also been lernin Japanese n Spans , startin rom F5 .
Learning languages is indeed diffcul a paintaking .
However , I enjy my urney in earing thm .
o only can foreign languaes become a hge adanage to me , they can lo brn me satisfaction and gratfication .
ha 's h I ove learning foreign languages .
It is my aspiration to devote my me to he sdy of English and education .
I would also like to further my stuies of various orein lnuages at universiy .
It a been my life goal to become an English teacher in order fo me to mke contributions to u society .
Therefore , I have always watd to be offered the chance to take an Elish and eduction rlaed program in my teriry education so as to fulfill my dem and to acmplish my life goal .
I hp tt I an be o of e candidaes you find suiale fr yo university .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am witing in reply to t aticl about t usa of mobile phone at hh schol which wa publihed in your newspaper on onda 12 of September .
I would totall are with the id that chdren shod ot use mobile phones durig class , bu durig braks .
In the frst pac , it sem to me tha it is rall important , both f childe n paret to communate in oer to organize thi ives , taking into account he changing cedules .
However , it is also remakable that there re ropr times to tak on he phone , ad poper times to learn .
Of coue , we ll have h rgh to communicate whenever we want bt , mostly , whenever we eed .
sig the hone durng bres lets th students fos on the lesson n then , have a t of distraction when ey are nt thre ad , what is more , keep parents relaxed because they can communicate with their ildren and talk bout what they ne .
That is w I totaly aree wt Richardson 's modaity deling with this important sue wih is reent in sudets ' , schools ' n parents ' lives noways .
Secondly , I would li to mntin tt I agree with he experiment that is taking place in some isricts permitting tudets to us their mobile phones for education purpses , nd wht is re , wi Richardson 's facing hi issue .
Techoogy is e of h most important pats of r live , so we ould incorporate it to u aits .
Of cors , wh we are tking abt childr and education , it may seem a b omplicaed since this sujct hs ot advanges and disdvantaes .
For instane , it is reall motivatin o studnt to se technology in he classrom .
However , teachers rn th risk of losig teir responsibility there , ad tudents can lose thir education a looking on the phones as a means of entertainment itead of as a way to ake education njoable nd effective , as y say in one of your paragrap : " he Richardson decision is a sound alternative to students secretively sing ther phones under thei dsk " .
I consider tt something soul be done in odr to balance the ro and cons of having mobile phones prent in schools , because , firstly , tuents e the ons w ut be preen and , what is moe , their leaning process lo ut be thee .
As I id , it is really important that parents can communicate th their children because they are taing care of hm and th ar thir parents , so they av he right to commncate ith th whenever they need .
Aprt ro ta , I strongly beieve that technology ca be incorpoate no h cssroom , but teaches and schools a te one wh have to contro this activity so that it can be psitive both for students nd teachers , in odr to make th laring process ore motivating an effeciv .
All in al , I thin that schools hold not st tking into accot thi important subject .
Tecnology n , mstly , mobile phons , are part of cildren 's and parents ' lives , so schools should n't ba it , bu ok for alternaive in order tat they do n't have a ngative effect in education .
Richardson 's methoolgy is fantastic ad I hin tt tee are mre , a it is impotant that we know em , in order to be infomed about this important isue .
I oo forward to reding more rtiles about is suject .
Yours faithfully ,
agli Hervieux .
This eport as to resent different advetisng stratgis for ur producs according to the ye of customers we hae .
In addiion , I will recommed the st kind of advertising fo our eeds .
First , to have a sucessful campaign , it is important to know t tage market .
A urvey bot t id of customers fo ou product revealed that mt of tm are oung dult .
This ens ha they ar between 20 and 30 ears old .
Atr tudyin our advertising options , it was fnd tht two of th cld be sutable fo our purpose .
e w is to t adverising on th nteret d u social networks .
On h other had , we coud set up sand in shopping mal .
In order to btain mximum benefit from this , it wl be helpful if we give away product smples .
As I mntoned above , t adverting campaign mu be apprpiate to h target market .
I therfore feel justified in recoending that the campaign in shoping malls wuld be more ffecive r us .
Ts is inly becaus , esids it being cheaper , cutomers will become familiar ith the prodt .
In oncluion , we have difeent options for his ampaig .
If we choose the appropriate kid of advertising fo our rouct , I a assure you tat we will succeed .
Twenty year ago the economic situation ws better than the current situaton , so people dd n't ha to work until late an they manag to provide a strict education and to cae about thei cidren 's heath .
Tenagers used to go ut aer havig de their homework and their favorite hobby as certainly sprt .
Now hings have changed : parents work ful ime and do not take up a l of ter children who e more and re aloe d unupervsed .
hn the hoe is empty , teengers feel free to spend all the ime lyng on the couc , playing video ams or watchig awfl programmes on TV .
At the same time , ey org themselves wth every knd of food they id in the refrigerator .
A sedentry lifestyle a a poor diet lead , of ourse , to obesity .
hs is a common issue . In ac , juvele obesity is inceasing with d consequences such as premature dibetes or a permanent diseas .
Cooking classes would be hepful to tech tens to oo , to eno healthier foo n maybe to discor a passion .
Fr the people who nt to combine fu a health , a goo solutio could be rnning , hic is a free , compettive ad complet sort .
In Mla , h ssociatin Runrs om ars wlcomes thousands of runners who ompee or charity .
It would be a od way to chane the ifstyle !
I omally drea u do n't remember when I wake up .
ne y I drat that I ws a millionaire . I bought a hue detached house surrounded by ta trees in a beautiful it , maybe in a cty like Seville .
Te house would n't be located in the city cetre becase of the rafic and the pking spts , but it woud n't be stuaed t r fom downtown .
My dream house would have to floors , a bg garage a , of cours , a bue swimming pool bordere by a beautiful garden ful of lans and tees , ad with a hit path rom he tside or twars h och .
Isde he hse , there wud be enormou Frnch windows ih long curtains and stlish n practical furniure .
Downstairs , tere would be 5 edooms with bi beds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a auzzi , a eautifl kitchen wi an Amerca fridge ( ne of hose tat ha 2 ig door ) a a tble in he center , wre I could e it my fmly , and a pleasant livng rom ith two or three lrge sofas .
Utairs , here woul be a games rom where I could play wh my phews , nieces d my daugter , anothr bathroom , a litte ofice to wk d to study Englih , and fially , a huge roo called " the cinema - om " , wt sveral comfortabe seats an a ian screen where my rends and I oud atc our favurte films .
Dea Caroin ,
First of all , I wold like to thank you f offering to look ater my hou and my e bird while we go on holiday .
This means a o to me . You are a wondrful iend .
We are leaving vey lte at igt , but I maaged to eve a copy of the key at he receptn of th uiling . You shod keep it with u .
I kno e nl me you have to go tee is in the morning , befor you go to work , so I would like to s you to iv priority to changing the water o my bd , a eing if tre a still enog seeds in her ow whih , by the way , are in a bo ext to h cae .
I also ft yoghurt and foze food for ou to reare in the vn or mcrowave . This wy , you wo n't hae to wry aout going ck home to ave luc bfore going to work .
We wi be back by the en of h wek , so ak are nd enjoy yu mornings with my bight bird . e love aing company , so if yu uld get e to have lunc it y and talk a little wih her , he will be happy for the rest of the day .
I ca n't at to be with her again . I do n't ie leang her f a long tim .
mia
Da S / Mad .
I am writi to pply o a o in te sumer cmp in th A .
My name is Adre ad I am 30 yars old .
I 've bee working with hildre of all ages f ght years .
I tnk I wou be a stable persn o the job as I loe orgnising activities or the ittl ones and pending me wt he as el as preparing different types of meals .
In ft , I am ttending a cours to lrn to coo well .
Three yrs a , I oked as a Snish techer in an Astralian oarding chool .
At th weekds , I carried ut a workshop on leisure activities r children in need .
In hat place , we woked as part of an incredible tam that oranised different actiities ah eekend .
The experience as grat and ice then I 've always wantd to hav t eperiece of working aan in an English speakig country .
I hope you consider me and I ok forard to haring rm you soon .
Yours fithfull , Anrea .
With t passin of tim , the entire world hs become one concrete jungle .
The hun rac began from h ngle , where tey lived with the ories and fears of wild beats and under the illusionary potection of tll tre , and o t journey of te huan ac a ome to the ae scenaro , where oce gain , he is liing with th ear of il beast called ' oher umans ' ad ner t ' ilusioary rotection ' of stalwart buildigs tht m collaps ithe due to an eartquke or to a terrorist attack .
Thi is te wrl of globalisaton wher th enre world is ne market .
Every person is mrketing iself ; is sellig himlf ; is presening himself as a deoratd ift - item .
Ts is wy , ltough we hve h luxury of extravagant knowledge at out fingertips bause of te Internet , we encounter comliations nd complexities in he ecding of our reationhips an in dcipherig thi perennial flow of koledge .
I , fo at reaso , certain agree with the statement of t given issue .
Wit nowlede and information , things become comprehenibl ut mo complex .
Te reigion of Scientology is kwn as oe of e fastest growing religions in te word .
It , oda , a milios of followers who believe in its philosophy that reincarnton is e truth an a human fels ti - up because of e nstant pl of he strings of is st lvs .
Intrestngly , Scienolgy practitioners use technology to prove thir hypothetical statements , r they have constructed machines tha xhiit the workings of brains through wave and softwae that qestons a pactitioner and proides hm wth a solution to hs worries .
In contrast to this , t religions tat have survived ine t earlie times had dsreet knowledge . However , ey h a much deeper impact .
They were simple t prfound , relying on the comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and kama .
Scientlog proves how th acquisition of widespread knowlege sn't stoppe h birth of new religions . However , ironically , it has mad the philsophie of lie me rmatic wit te mysterius complexities of technlogy .
Likewe , there ar many onspracy theorist in the world who , te a aai , ciculate rumours regarding t existne of a secret organiaton ( te Illuminai , for istanc ) that ru the world secretl a lts l te pre - timed wars and terrorist - attack .
The theorists assert that the organisation is prt religious ad ar political ; it rules over h international meda , tereby ben omnioent .
Furthermore , they concoct stories ad concets , publicise them while making animated vesion l over e internet .
e billince of their presentations is so cue th an ordinary mn is almost forced to fel enlightened in his ignrane , finally becomin brinashed .
The se technique is used by poticians , iconoclasts n leades wo pollute the ids of the peole thrug h medium of technology .
They prset comple information so smartly at an igorant foo fel lik a sagaiou monk , when he bcoes te folwer and a voter .
Thus , by all means , toy we have an easy accessibility to knowledge d we have a wide rag of resours to locate n obtain endless information .
Nevertheless , there is a stomac - wrenching mytery and indecipherable codes around that sometims makes e common man wonde abut his vunerabe exitece an unknowingly being - exploited le .
I choose option A : I think it is a od dea for children to avel on pubic trasprt .
Ther ae several resns why I support thi choice .
First , it is unnecessary to spe more money on school bses , bcaue , by Grade 5 , hildrn ae ale to take ae of themselves ad each othr .
Th can communicate ell an are awe of angerus stutions .
For examl , if they ee drk or dity peopl on public buses , hey could avoid sitti ear tem or report tem to the b driver .
Scond , it is a ood opportunity to educate them in if skils uh as knowi o to s in priority seats or leave litr on the bus .
In cotrat , I think ta he parents wh sist tir children should only travel on school uses protect thm too much .
In daily lf , may youngsters ned to go to scol nd ac by public transportton .
In other wods , if parents spoil their offspring , thn they may ecme too depdent nd incapable of functioning el in soity later on .
In cnclusion , it is no on a good chance to take the chldren on an adventure , but lso help them become ndependent yong adults .
I think this w cn hlp hm ith adapting to society early .
Dr Sir ,
I am witing in respons to our adverisemnt on t noticeboard in o language schl inviting appliction for te pst of Club organier .
I am a forty - year - o secondary school teacher of Art d I bieve I have qualifications tht ou my be looking o . I ave be teaching suents fr approximately 15 years .
I use to rn summer cams and art workshops .
Woring wth gops of people fill me with ts of enery and , as they need me , I ed tm too .
I have been studying English for several yrs n I am praring to take the C exam soon .
I enjoy participating in dbaes .
I oul decrib myself as a oo listene d a flun speaker wih a strong abilit to cntrl discussio .
Apart from an ability to get on well it eple , I rea a lot .
I am a big fa of Amerian and Bitish fims , rm casic to modern ones .
I go to the cinem regulrly to stay in touch ith w comng 's .
If ou would ike to take my application further , then I would be pleased to hear from you .
Yours fathflly ,
Mis Barbar Gum
To : Pter Jackso
Fro : Branislava Sidorov
Date : 5th May 14 .
ubject : E - of - year party
The i of his proposal is to omare th two ropoed venues , Rivr Bt Disco and Milford Comed lu , and to recommed o based on th surey carried out mng te sudent .
Entertainmnt and food
No only does ive oat Dic hve is o experienced DJ , but it ao s a uffe which is mre thn sutabl r this occasion .
Althoug Milford Cmed Club ofers a fn niht ih four established comedians , the oy foo avaiable is sack .
oweer , te main disadvanage of the disco is that it eds ry eay , at 10:30 pm , whereas h omey club is open nti 2 am .
Pric
The price for t disco is ery reasonable because it offers the venue , entertainment d food f $ 25 .
vn tough the prc is $ 5 less for the comey club , it is ithut food nd , by e end of the ight , I do nt thn there wud be mch differnce .
Locaio
The boat is located at the Crofton Harbour a me means of ransort would be necessary to get her .
It woul be possible to orgaize a s , whc would be preferable to oin separael by car .
Hoever , t omed club is ea to fn and is ccessible by eto and xi .
Recommendation
I wuld recommend he iver Bat Disco becue not on de it offer a bfet , bu als , peple e mre likely to coverse with ah other whl listenin to mui than to a coedin .
" Maniare Di Roma " - An Ialian Rsturant
is Italian resaurant is in Moção and nar the school .
It as opened about our yers g by two friends who hd preiousl workd at pizz lace .
As o ntr the restaurant you ar m with th taitional Italian restaurant re towels an a t of a rustic feel , bhind t counter yu c see the cooks akin h pizzas .
Thr is a great variety of dish , fro starte to main dshes and desserts . My recommendion is arlc bread as a starter .
As a mi dis yo a choose anything from psta to pizza of all kids ( ve choclae ) .
This rstaurant is vey afforale . The prices are extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , becase there 's a special menu clled " student 's meu " wher y choose two ingredients for you pizza , with or witou Frenh fres , and a rink for about three urs .
Eeryon on t staff is extreely nce and very often th owners me to mk sal talk with the customers .
All in l , I think th would be the bs restaurant o ou class to go to , since it 's clse to e school , it hs good prices ad a frienly ambience .
lo , everyone njoys Italian food , so eeryone would be pleasd .
Deming abo the uure is ike crating an imginary world , peect for yoursel and thers .
If t present doe n't satif yu , le 's take a tp into e uture .
I 'm sure o will ejoy t ride !
Te year 2064 .
Peole e ivig thir ves in a way ht we would onsider re han sockig .
Eveyone is livig their perfectly " noma " lves in e sky .
Y 've read it rigt .
Their houses are floating in h a .
It is amazin .
Because of the lack of sce , peop came up with he briliant idea of creating these floating houses . They r made of a special tye of glass an have a shericl shae .
As a result of finin thi sotion , they he more space to wk on eath and they even prtect he environment .
Not to mention te huge adntage that peopl ar prteced from eathquakes becaus tes hoss do not have direct contact wit the earth .
This idea is more than brilliant !
Wn it comes to their bs , people work on earth , like in he l days .
The ay they go to wo is wor knowin .
Ty have cars , ot ike the cs people from 214 wee used to , t hey still cl them at .
Tese ca a go dn to teir destination n then , go up again until he drie uses a button .
Ti butto is clled " find me d ome to me " .
The name says it ll .
Once e btton is puhed , t car ids the river and literally picks hm up .
Te seets lo all new nd improved .
os of the uldings re skyscrapers and he architecture has completely change .
People e til huma beings and ct completely normal .
They sem hapy with the way te live n embace the change in evryting .
Overall , his is an image of th fture .
N et 's return to t preent , because we have a t of work to do if we want to li in at kind of future , evntually .
I rad yr advertisement in the Cou agazie and I consider it an interesng xperience .
I 'm an Italian naive speaker aged 27 n I 've been studying Sport Scene at Mlan University .
In 2012 , I go h Cambridge first certficate in English and I 've been improing my Frech to ass the exam .
It 's six months since I started teaching gymnastics in a primary shol near Mlan an I dicoveed tha hildre r or competitive n honest ha adults and I apprciate his .
I am also aware tt they ae rekless , so I rcently ateded a Fis Aid course , which has given me t cfidence to del wth emergency situations .
I alws try to motivate them wi me educational pla d I make them nderstand how impotnt the group is .
Th school will be closed in mmer , so I 'll be available from t 15h of ne to e 30th of Sptember .
For rfereces , you ca contact the principal of the schol , wo will be happy to suply you wit any nformaton .
I 'm ooing forward to earing fro you nd I hank yu for your ttentin .
Taking a gap - yr befre starting universit is a lifetime opportunity r lts of people .
It 's a ime to develo ourself , to ravl , to ake fiends .
You can ls pnd that time worig nd saving mone for uture yrs on the university cmpus .
It is h on time in yor lfe to do at , to be honest .
After you finish studying , y will hve to immediately start wokin unles you at to liv wih yor parents o th et of your lie .
But the year right after y finish high school is a perct time to find yurself , to dcide at yu want to do it ur life .
You can go on a road trip around yo count or travel somewhere vey istant and lern hings yo 've nvr heard about on yur ow skin .
It could lso be potentlly your lat cance to sen so uc time with your high choo friend .
o will definitely part ways durig ollee and this y u an me mmories tht will last for a lfetme .
I think everye should tke a yea off ate leavin cool .
You nl live ce and wasting uch a gea possibilty is untikable .
Ove the last decas , e spread of technolog in ou daily lie has marked he beginning of a w era .
Computers , moile pnes , he Internet have undoubtedly hnged ur way of thinkig and behaving .
u can we safy regard this tehnoogical advance as a proper chievemen of moern mes ?
Certainly , computes and simila devices ive us the rieless opportunity to make or ies siple .
Fom bokin a flight to videocalling a distan friend , everything seems ry handy nowads .
Hower , h ain drawback of such poress is tat we nw ry more on couters than on our ow capacities .
We re slowly b inexorably loosing readiness to sov problems , uness we can surf th Internet , so ha en a single day without technooy woul turn ut to be a ightmae .
How ny ties in t last ten years hve we give up GP d ud an ordinary paper mp f a rip ?
Jt a few , rit ?
The reality is hat t ast - aced wold we ar currently living in is teaing our own tie .
Nobody gets lost ayore , nobody discovers smethig on his own .
We all walk own the se pt because this is how it is meant to be .
We consut Tripadvisor , we die for positve ratings and we increasingly foret to care about sime things .
In my iew , we shuld all reconsider the oe that computers have gained in ou lives .
Technoloy is not reality and should ner replae it .
I had never felt so evous before in my life ... !
It a the st year I as attending high school and fial exms we approaching fater than I had thought .
Sudnly a plehora of ccerns filled my had : what to do after choo ?
What are my pan or the future ?
I id n't kno athing at l .
The onl hin I kn was t date of t xms wa becmig ore heatening as time wen by .
And finaly , as with verything , the day arived .
The most stressful day of my fe for sure .
I remember I gan to bite my nucles bcaus of e tension , a also because of a il nar me who coud n't sto cryig nvously ( it 's a pet pee of in , I av to dit it ) .
hn , when it was finaly my turn , I sat in front of h teacers nd , swly , I ntroduced my spech .
Fifteen mines later it as all over and I elt le a brand e ersn .
ftr hi event I can op wih anything !
As was id before , the brief tim of observation des t low us to otai that much infomation abu o CIL is relly implemented in a parcular edutional context . Even so , the data collected ad th following conversation with the teacher , contributed to obtainin an interesting pctue of how Arts nd Crafts is csidered and carried t under he CLIL umbrella .
CLL implementation is alway a challeng f th teacher , b it seems to be even re dificult when talking about subjects li Arts ad Crafts , wch are more baed on th acquisition of skills and e deveopmen of noher language , the aritic .
How to provide students with more al and rlevat input , in the daily routine of an t class , see to be a callenge for ts ad Crat teachers , wo ne to bring together he development of the ristic lguage and the lerning of a forign anuage .
Despite he difficulties that CLIL teahers have to overcome , he truth is that the atmosphere of IL lsson is in sm w speia .
ht surprised me more positively a h level of peer support , t cooperation and t coradeship .
It is interesting to ee how the students rsrt to each other hn lookng o help in a naturl way , without th intervention of e teacher .
er support is something hat achers exect and promo in ll subjects , b it seems to emer mre genuinely when talking out the CLIL atmosphere .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am wiing to expres my interest in th bar saff opening o have posted on our school 's noticebord .
Frt of ll , I stronly belev ht I wou be the mos suitable applicant becase of my long perience in bar service .
o te last sx years , I hve worked in a number of different bars within h us city istrict regon .
I know what is involved in le night custme service n w to al with a lou environment .
All of th bars I worked in hosted a nght club after 10 PM , herefore y do not ed to orry about extra tiredness csed by te - hou woring .
In addition , my knowledge cquired by managing a bar ad a certiicate in hygienic foo handling will guarnee a cla envonment in your bar .
Finally , I would ke to mphasis my professionalism towards alcohol service .
I am a bartener h has en awarded hre tims in internatonl bar - ow cotests .
Certainly , I an offer profssional a shows and tricks to make your bar me attrtive to the customers .
If o need a trial session , I am more tn hpp to attend an proe my asst to ou bar .
The tm llocations ou ha suggesd in te b avetisement lo su my chedule perfectly .
I look forward to heaing fo ou .
Yours faithfuly ,
aniel Wa
ny eople ve h impression that leaning a language is ly ossile through hard ok : studying grammar rls , learnin ocbulary by ert d burying yur head in a boo .
However , ther e in fact eeral mehods tht y ca empoy ould you want to beco a linguist .
In this esa I wl discuss wo of these : the imersin method , and t lassroom methd .
Firstly , the immersin metod takes its inspiration from the way in whch we al lrnt to seak our natue tongue : implicitly .
With thi method , lernrs are simply exped to h target languge , either by going abra to lie in the country where it is spoken , or by hing a ntve teahr .
There is no eplict fos on graar ; instead , the leaers e expected to " abob " the language and its rules .
Thi mthod has its vantages , as it is the wa we a larn to speak , nd so it is arguably mre natural .
Another advantage is ht students are unencumbered by overcplicated , confusing mtalangage .
Secondly , th classroom method is the n with which ost students ( especially if th ar oder ) are familar .
erners are ormaly tught in thi moher tnue , and are givn grmmar uls , which they then aly to the language they are learning .
Ti method ls ha its benefits , not least logstically speaking , ince any studts do n't ha access to nave peakers or are t able to trael aroad .
Furhemore , som learners respond better to an explicit focus on rles , hih makes them aware of the mistake they r making .
Whie bt methods clearly hae thir advantages , I blieve that just liiing students to either o or the oter can he a negative effect on languge learning .
Hving a naive speaker il giv students aximum exosue to th lnguae , whil at the ae time a fcus on rule will give them e tools for se - crrction nd elf - sdy .
I fll believe tht this combined method is the most effectve a for stdets to ear English .
Now we are gon to evaluat e mi characteristics and differences between a pellet tov d a pellt boil .
et 's star by focussing o attention on the pellet stove .
Te diagram shos a coact structure n th simplicity of h machine ; it h thee main sectins : t ed sectin , the combstion chamber nd the blwer ( i.e .
fa ) .
In the frs onica part , it is possible to ed in the fuel ( i.e. he pellet ) that leads to the combuston cambr where the pelt wil burn to generate the hea necessary to warm up the ai .
Beeath t comustion chaber there is the h ty necessary to collect t h gnerate by h cobustion of he pllet .
As mentioned above , the he is ecessay to warm up the air th , thans to the fan , will be blown out to the room in orr to warm up h external amben ( e.g. oo , bthrom , kitchn ... ) .
hs is a pretty ompact machne , u it 's not very efficient or very clean .
Actualy , it produces a large amount of poltion such as ash and ehaust ga tha contains mcro- and nano - partice .
Let 's ocus w on e pellet boiler .
h structure is pretty uh the same as h pellet stv . T difeence is at , instd of a a , here we have a pump de to the ac tht the goa of the boir is to warm up ate a sed it to the heaters all over the huse , so it needs a pump to do that instead of js a fan ( th urose of a fan and a pump is th same : move fluid from a point A to a pit B , but in one cae , you he to mov air a in t secnd case , water ( they have a different denst : water ha 1000 times t desity of air ) .
Lie in he tove , there is a feed scion where you can eed th pell that will go directly to the cobstion chamber ( accordin to the ontro system ) in order to burn it an genrte h ht to warm up the water .
Now , thans to the pum , t hot water is able to rea te upstairs oom .
Basiclly , the tw rely on te ae mehod : burning pellets to warm up a flui ( i f h stove and water for t oiler ) .
My home twn , an interatonal city , attrat millions of tursts fo all oe the word ever yar .
Knwig a clean and tiy ct is no less appealing to the tourists tan beauifl senery and bargain shopig , both e authrity nd the citizns undrtand e need to ke our ci clean in order to keep th oursts coming . Therefore , hey a serious about poteting th envronent .
To keep t ciy cea n tidy , peope adopt an environmenaly - friendl attitue in daily life : the reuse to ittr . If they a nt id a rubbish bin arou , the keep their rubsh in a mal platic bag . At hm , they separate the recyclable items from t rubis before tey e rid of the rubbish .
They follow the government 's avice to set t air conditioner tmperature at 25 egrees Celsius .
he overnmet plays a crucil role in taking care of t environment .
It builds sewage ies for h dsposal of h city 's waste .
It eductes the citizens to cultivate ther sense of protectng th ity 's environet .
We are lucky to live in a it whe both he authorities an the peope he a strog sene of nvironmental roection .
We ar se tat h tourists who visit our city c feel it ad hope tat they will elp spre t essage when they go me .
Amo a variety of sports , hre is footal , alo nown as occer .
Fotbal c be playd either as a hby or as a job .
When I w very young , roughly at te ge of thirteen , football became my favorite sprt and it was an ctvity tat I could evr stop dong .
As time assed , I came more skilled at footal .
I signed up fr a women 's fotall team in my ity .
Our team traid twce a ek for aot two or three hous .
We h u w trainer , who a a man w had played fooball before .
There ae three main easons w I enjoy playing fotbal .
Firstly , it is a way to get o of the rutie , occasionally .
It helps to releae he endorins and anxiety lvels in my body .
Secondly , it h helped me to improve my health in severl ways .
F example , it impros my cardiovascular sysem .
And thirly , it is an activity hre I have ben able to me new friends who , esies laing football ik me , e ve similar to me in other ways .
If any oe you would ke to start practicing tis dynamic and amazing sport , I wod tell you to t it as soon as possible .
As yo get involved with footall and y eage with this spor , you will clearl notce e enefts it brings to you daily life .
So , give it a shot an you ill realize it is ne of e mt amain activities you can evr do .
' Th ette that changd my life '
' I thn we 're being follwed ' aid ra to me , as we puled ov .
We 'd had a lovely me in oe of the most haming restaurants in Rome .
Despit he fact that we 'd had to shae a table with othrs tourists , we 'd ad a grea time .
Sar had lef our hire - car keys on the table d d ai no atentio to them for a hie .
When we were about to leve , we ealied that there was a shor letter on e abe . ' I ha ur car keys .
Wi for me , pleas ' , it said .
We id n't understa a thing becue t car keys were just in frt of us .
So we rushed o the restaurant on suspicion of theft .
We 'd been drvig for hf an hur he I otice that here ws a white car bhind us .
Sar tried to get i of it bu the wie car ws still there .
We pulled ovr .
h other a driver cme up to us slowly .
We were eally araid . '
Yu hae the wrong keys and the wrong car ' , said th m .
As soon as the m explained everything to us we relised at we d xed up car ys in the restaurant because both of them wr exactly lke .
We exchane adresses and as ti wet on we became good frens .
I ende up woking for Mr Smith 's comny in Madrid , where I 've been working fo 20 years .
People seem to be liing quit , comfortab lives nowadays .
We have rehed an ag of high tecnology .
Humans will ms lely cotine to impro this tecnology and make their lves better for he fure .
We migh live btter ive in te future .
When tnking about what th lives of ople il be le in e next 50 yas , th irs tougt that cos to my mind is a person siting lazily on a sf that ca adjust itself to his / her will .
e rason for the lazines is that he houseork ill be on by robots .
is is o I thik lie will be in te next 50 years .
Robt will contiue to be improve , tll ey will be able to do all wo in t hm , so no one ric enou to afford a robt would other to do the work imsel / herself .
Te robot will be able to do things le coking , fetchin , washing clothes d dishes and ceaing the oue .
The men would nly do the paperwork themselves .
oweer , not everythig about life in e ext 50 years wil be posiiv .
Water is already growing scarce ver tme .
Eventually , it miht become so uch of a precious resource ta it wil be used as t international crency insted of dollars .
We will hve to find an alterative driking source ...
Shpping is my fvourte pastime , a I simply can not imagine anything moe relaxing and enjoyale than sending my ard - earned moy .
But , wth a heavy har , I have to agree with his statement .
W ?
Ther migh be a few situations , when shopping can brng a headace instead of joy .
First of all , it is quite had to enjy shoppg he ou a forcd to do it .
e best examle here could be te regular , weekly fillin - the - fridge shoppig , whic , in priciple , n not be pleasn .
Personaly , I am not ble to find anying exitig in hanging aroun extremely high supermaet shelves ad uhing a heavy trolley . Crowds in ever core , awful d unpleasant lights and the necesit to run fr n e of the op to another , ecuse hese shos ae oanised in a w which forces you to e everhing , in orer to fin what yo really eed .
That and the extremly lg quues or e cas sk so e not very ncouragng .
Wa is more , I ate doing shopping wen I really need to buy something .
Becase there is his wicke , unwritt rule , according to whc , if yu a ookig fr soething , there is not e slightest chance yu will e it .
You will no be ale to fin e igh se , the right coou or simply anting which wld uit your taste .
Shpping ith yo husband , byfrind , father or any representative of the male geder , lo an ttall ruin the most fruiful shping ever .
I believe they are geetically programmed to take away all your ' joie de ive ' .
The constant grumblg , regular checking of e tme , th nxious and adrift faca expressin - how on earth cul it create favourable condtios for shopping ? !
n believe me , tere is no difference if you are shopping fo yourself or fo the , it alwas tus out th ay .
In conclusion , shoppig c be and usually is a grat opportunity , o only to exnd e connts of our ardrobe , but lso , to rlax and hae a rat tme .
You ust ave to avoi supermarkets and buy clothes in advance - so there will not arie the situatin , where yo need something realy bly ad it is not in yor closet - nd , of course , avoid mle company . Better choose a female companion .
Der Sir / Madam ,
I sw you advertisement and wld lke to ppy to work in he USA in one of yur summer amp .
I have a ood working knowled of the English language a I sat my FCE exam last year .
Since then , I hve attended a urse f he prepaation r h CE exam , and spet two weeks in Iland during te summer workig as a babysittr , so I have had eerience wring with hildren .
I love facing new challene n am available to work ong hours if required .
I also consider myself to have gea rganisatinal skills .
This can be noted in t fct tha I wa head of entrtainmet at my igh School fr to yer .
During those two years , I w responsible for the organisation and booking of bands .
I would lo dscribe mylf as a fun , energetic person .
I lve learnig ew skills and although I 've never worked in a kitchen before , I 'd ve to try my hand at coing .
The bl rn and ll th students ft he cls .
I quickly too my thigs and nt u of the clssrom hoing to get home as soon as possible .
But bfor I could leave school I remmbere that I ha let my riners in the changig room , st after football sssin .
n minutes later , I had already taken my traine and closed th gym do when I s her walkng towards me .
I sartd walking tards my house when she yelled :
-"Michie ! Wait for me ! "
Oh no , t again ... That stupi rl was completely in ove ith me , ince lt year she thinks hat I like he , but se 's wron .
An although sh knos I he the way she cals me , she dos n't stop dong it .
She 's an impssible woman .
-"What do you want Stacy ?"-
I ased her .
-"Do't be angry ihie , I know you lve me .
I only antd to tl you that Joe is oing to ha a paty at his house tomorro at 8 p.m. and I 'll be thr " , she sai .
-"Thank ou f e iformatin . Be " , I said , knowing wat I was n't oing to do tomorrow .
al an hu fte I aived he ,
I heard a vie bhind me aing :
-"So , u 'll be at the paty tomorow , right ? "
I thougt it was Stacey agin , trying to gt nt my hou again n trying to seduce me .
Ad I yelled :
-"I'M ED UP TH YOU ! STOP .
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YO AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , g it . Hope you gt on well wt or problem " .
And Cass , the grl I 'm in love with , slammed he door .
I as feeling confue and bad .
I wen in my hoe a clsed the dor knoin at tat momet that I had mad a mistak .
To whom it ma concen .
My name is Richad aya , I am 35 yer d and I liv in t Basque Country in norhern San .
I would le to apply
fo e position you rcently advertid egrding Summer Cam in the USA . I lso ha
enty of exprience wi teaching youner children .
This experience involved tutoring cildrn fro the ages of 5 to 16 in variou aspects of Eglish and Mas
in a one - on - one role .
Without knowing it , I ave ee preparing mslf for a position lik this n , r eaple , by working
as a Surf Instructor during e sumer oliday in my home own of Zarautz .
I think I am very sitble fo is position as I really enjoy working ith childre ad hae a wide variety of
skills in sports n also a f - lovin attitude towards organising ativities .
Cooking is e of my favourite
pastimes . hen I cok , it 's usaly r a big group of friends , so preparing meals is atally something I
ealy enjoy .
I ha many refeences frm eployers and h parents of the children I teach .
If I am selected f an interview
I am ailable at any tim as te mmer holday e upo us .
I lo forward to yo rpl .
Kind regards ,
Rihrd Raya
Te best spr ve .
Do u do ny sports ?
If so , you wll know a e benefits t also the effort tht it takes .
I love dancing a I do bllt , which requires a lot of discipline .
I sarte dancing when I was sx yar o , my mats d I were so ut it ur little dresses ad in feet dng low movements .
Fo me it s n't fun at ll , so I always tri to ki my casse , and I finally did n't go bak the following year .
But evn years later , as a tenager , I found ball really feminine n I decded to tat again .
I think at this is not a norml spr , but it s th same advantages : it burns calories , improves circulation , is ood for th bones a muscles ... Therefor , it is a ally beautiful y to ercise and helps you to improve flxiblity .
My advice fo pole who wold like to srt doing balle is : do n't be afaid , it does n't mater if ou are sen or seventy , if you nt to do it you cn .
So le 's do it !
Dear Director ,
I would really like to artcipate as a co - workr in this ummer camp .
My mother told me at I ca gain great experiences .
Whereas , in my opinion , it is way ore an ht .
By ooing after children between the es of 8 an 12 , I can ear new skill that will be usfl in my ftur ith my ftur kids .
I am very energetic , cheerful and hardrking , which ar th traits you a lokng for !
I ave always loved eing my m cooking and the fact tat yo have this in the cap jus mke me haper .
On the on ad , I hve never wored in kitchens bfre .
On th oher hn , I thik serving wthi this area is the bes opportunity for trying ne ablities .
I am alo a ret organizer ; therefore , I can be such a great help wt the evening and spots activitie .
I he you undrstan my point of ve .
I am eally looking forward to being pa of your camp !
e me kow you oinin whenevr o ar ready ,
Eisa .
Or h course of history , if a cstantly changed .
From he early omad tribes , to the first hman setlements , then to vllges and cities to the fomation of civilization , man has never sod sil for too lg .
Key discoveries av changed he course of itory .
First , fire , ten agriculture , rrigatin , and nowdays wth technology .
Te mr knowledge we accumulate , the faster progress will come .
Manknd wt from a rual based ociety to a moern skyscraper - filled civilization in jst a century .
An we wll ontnue tis process for as long we exst .
The discovry of electrict incresed or productivity geatly .
Istead of jut wokig during t da , man could now continue working during the iht .
Factories old hve on worki hours in ore to produc more .
People in tu started to consum oe de to the increased workforce and he greater offer of roducts .
The qic and practial life in the ciy started to drive thousands of pople way om t fiels .
With e avnce of electronic products , informain has beme evn easir to read .
Frst with h radio , ns about events hppening a ro your ocal community could be easily herd by anyone wthi earshot .
The wih TVs , iforation started to spread faster and fastr until our contemporary instataneous repors from across the world in the palm of ur ads .
Sometimes , it sees we av reached th pinnacle of xistence .
I 'm sre the phrahs of Egypt felt that wa hn they gaed at h Pyamds .
d yet , we 've come this far .
Nw , we can look at toe Pyramids from e other side of the world , eceivig a live deo feed on a device we old in our hnds .
In the next 50 yar , w ows ha we ll be ae to accomplish ?
ducatio n technology are closely eated , to a crtan extt , in that edcatio a uffeed a sris of changes throughout the past 20 yars .
In present times , it is very comon to see peopl oing courss via a computer .
Online learning has become a modern phenmenon in odr to gi knowldg ; howeer , ace - to - face learning is ill t better learnig option osen by sudents .
Although there are any differnces between the two , similaities ca be found as well .
The main similarity between face - to - face larnng d online learning is ta they both prvide valuable learning skills to students .
Curretl , all type of courses exist va the Internet , at ny acadmic or vocational level .
For instnce , degree courses , maste 's corss or just an upding orse can be found .
dded to this , boh earning options reire time and dedication from students ; othrwise , knowledg will not be properly deliverd .
On the oter nd , he differences bewen face - to - fc learning d virtl learning r numeos .
Firstly , nine learning conveys flexiility in its schedule .
Students an attend couse when th ecide , b alwys espeting u dates .
Another difference between ac - to - fe learin and online learnng a be hat face - to - ac learning allows tudents to devlop humn relationships , whereas with oline learning it is qut impossible f ti to happe .
During ce - to - face learning , students have a teacher - tuden relationship , as well as a eer - to - pr rlaionship , allowing the to develop interpersonal skils and coexistence .
as ut n least , time spent on these curse is different t .
When doing a fec - to - face course , besides hving an attendance scedule , peop send more time commuting to t plac were the cuse is given .
These days , traffic jams are a fact in big cities ; therefoe a o of me is lost to comting .
Conequetly , both leaning options ha hir positive nd negatie aspects .
Assessing these similarities ad differences , ach student has the optin to oose e option wch betr suts h lifestyle .
Peschira Borromeo , a small to ea Mlan , s an agrcultura realiy and there ar many posibilities for wlking around n tainin yourself r doing arcur .
Unfortunately , thre is a lot of trafc , so the best plce to aoid it is a litle arifiial lake called Idroscalo whe eople can n around e 7 kilometre ermeter or cycling in th opn air whie lokng at th swan .
In th area , yu can fd any faclites , sch as o swimng pols , a enis court and a volleyball our .
Peope c al try canoei at te local shool or wter skiing with a mechanical devie tat drags you across h war .
It 's really n !
r those w feel bra , there is also a wl wher ou can climb with all t quiment .
Te best sasn to enjoy this place is cetainly t srig , whn e weathe is not o hot and there e nt so many peopl who picnic under the tres a ditrb you whie u 're tryng to relx !
If you have t a dog , too , d want to tach him something ueul , take hm he every Snday monng and a raine will teach i how to sve people fo drowning and yr friend will becm a lifegur !
Hre y can eally forgt aout e city pollutio !
The seaker discusses he aricle , saying that taxes and againt re trade ad in favo of prtectionism .
In h opinion , e concept of protctonism in e world of gobal economy is nt effectiv .
There is a ood example iolving eveloing ountres , whose ecnomes have be succssful due to being the most open to fre trde , and countries wih lo economic growth , whh closed themselves off to intenational trd .
Although in the lecte it is dmited ta nternational comettion cn caus problems for ocal busnesses , mentioned in the article , he laim tt it is wth competing wit lbal corporations , becase this way surviving local companies my get strogr ta ever .
They can re loal people , giv them well - pi jb , and tose people my learn how global corporations or , wch is a good thing for local ecnomie .
And finall , the artile states that free trade does not alwys lead to a eaceful relationship between nations , ut the lecturer draws attention to the Euopea common market e up fter Worl Wa II .
He emphasizes ht fre trade between powerful Euopean naions maks a war bteen them almost impossible .
To test t research 's hpothesis , self - administered uestionnaire were used on a total of 400 stomers .
The trge population included elecommnication rvice users h subcribd to a loyaly rogra .
Th choice of the telecommunications industry in thi framework is elate to the vtal role of loalty ad retetion in his service sttng .
Many experts have emphasized t market maturity n th nmber and vrety of ompetiive choices among service poviders .
Following this , l types of service proides fou on customer retention as a surce of rowh ( Amoc Maket Insiht & Stragy , 2011 ) .
A total of 309 complete ad exploitable questionnaires wr cllected , with a response ate of 77% .
This aple se allows us to peform multiple data analyses ( muivariate and M ) .
An ppropriate smple sze should be e tms the umer of items ud in the qestionaire ( Sorbom et Joreskog , 12 ) .
In this reearch , the sample size seem to be apopriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 ems multplied by 10 ) .
A ge is an ctivity involving n or more payrs .
Games a played primarily for entertainment or enjoyment , t ma also srve as execise .
Everyone in this world has their o favorite sort , d so do I. My favorite sport is ootball .
I often play ti with my friends in the evening .
I lke this game bcause it is exitng n challenging .
ootbll is a ea sport played betwen two teams of eleven plaer ec .
It is a al am played on a ecangular grass fild wih a ol at ah e .
The objective of e game is to scre by maneuring the ball it the opposig goal .
The winner is he tam which s scored mos oal at the end of te match .
Footal is layed at a prossional level l vr th wol , and millions of people regularly go to football sdiums to follow thir favorite tea , wilt millions me avidly wch the game on television .
A er are number of pope also play ootball at an amateur level .
In many pars of the wold , football evokes great passions and plays an important role in h lie of indvidal fans , lcl communities , and even ations ; it is therefore often cimed to be he mt popular spor in t world .
foobll payer .
I learnt team - building , icipline , as we as teaork through layig football .
There are many worldwde nternatinal football cmpeitions .
On of the mjo international competitins in foball is the Wod Cup , organized by Fédération Internationale de Football Associtio .
Ove 190 natioa tem compete in qualifying tournaments within t cpe of continental confederations for a place in the finals .
Te finals turnamnt , which is held every ou yeas , now ivolvs 32 national tams cmeting .
The next ord Cup takes place in Russia in 2018 .
he ar I admire most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pelé , who is a forme Brazilia footbal ayer and thugh by any to be h finest play of a ti .
Often considered the compte attackig plyr , he was completely two - ootd , a proiic finisher , exceptional at dbbling n passin , ad was a remarkably good acker o a forwrd .
He a also fam for h speed an strength on the ll .
nce h ul retiement , he ha seve as an ambassador for the sort .
There are ma reason wy footbll is my aorite game .
I wish to become a profesional footbll player .
Holidays r mstly about relaxing . herefor , I disagree th awys tryng new this .
In my opino , holidays e esenially about beng comfortable , saing in yu element a simply enjoying your tie off n nt about cretng uncomfortbe situatin if that might be the outcme of ryig e hngs .
Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminae stress and panic fr our system ad improve r level of omort .
As stes d challenging work triggers exhaustion in ay sch as myself , I prefer curli up wit a good book and ejoying a nice cu of cofe on holiays rather an generatig y level of discomfort .
Cang is ever es d bng abe to y e thigs is , indeed , a valuable trt for one to ve . Hwever , I do n ave such trait .
On h contrary , I disagree ih havin to t new ad challeging things on hlidays due to t fact that I tke much more lasure in readng nvels , which ae me feel al the uh of an outside activity ut l h while keping myself sae and comfortable .
A revie about medieval Turkey .
I 'm cetainl n e onl on wthing this amazing erie . I ca n't cal it a soap oera becaus it 's so much moe han ht .
It 's a ove story between Turkey 's os famous and crel rue of all tmes and his main wif .
I woe main because back ten Tuish men wre allowed to hve harems .
It 's the story of Suleyman e Emperor and i wif , urrem .
Lik the title says , he story takes lce in mdieval Turkey .
Te acts are literally amazing .
Their acting is sot on nd th costue a agificent .
The ole of Sulemn is payed by urky 's os famous ctor , Hli Ergenc , ad he 's amazing at it .
ht I liked os abou m is that he ageed to grow a huge erd in order to get into ole .
The ctres ho plays uleymn 's ife , Hurrem , is ne ther than Meryem Uzerli .
She 's su a beautiful wma an plays the rle beautifully .
T other actors are also rally tlente and bin to ie may of he histoica figures tha urke h in ha time .
I strongly recommend this aazing erie to peopl wh wat to ta a glimpse into te hisory of a fasinating contry and experience different feelings togeter wth the ma haacters .
Foreign lnguage learning in my coutry
Intoduction
e purpose of is report is to comment on the way peole , d especially childen , learn laguaes in my country , hat foreign languages they learn and whr hey learn he and to reommend changes in h languae - learnig sysem .
Languages people lar
here e many lanuage peop in my country lern , but Elish is t mo popular as it is a global language .
With Geran and Austria eing ur neighbours an thus business paters to my zeh ompanes , Gman is the econ most popular foregn language spoken , followed by Russa , French , Italian an Spanish .
Who lerns languages in my cuntr ?
Mostly , it is childrn at schols wh lear languages .
Th stat lering English or German at h age of eiht .
Another laguae of her choice fllows at secnary schol .
Hever , tre migh be a problem ih the choi as not every secondary schol ofrs e.g. Spanish or Italian , so stdents have to choo a lanuae thy do not prefer .
Stdents at some chools also ave t ossibilit of excange programes , but thes an be quite expensie and nt ever family c ffod such an vent .
There are also many adults who want to learn or jus improve hir language kils .
dult usually ttend languag corse , or us a variety of onli coure .
ecommended chages
I would recommend the govrment to increase salaris for Spanih , Italian or French tachers to prsuade hem to teach in schos instea of giving private lesns .
It would also be wise to fn schoos tha oganis exhange progam for ther students , so that more of them cold afford it .
Dar Mr Wilams ,
I saw ou advertisement r language curses in onon an I am writing to find ou re about the coses y offer .
I am thinking of attendn a cure or two or three wees in August .
oud o please send me more inormatio nd dtail of pices ?
I would particulaly like to nw how many students attend the school , a h man studets there are in a clas .
I 'd ls like to know wa resources he school hs .
F examle , is tee a library were I cn study in th evenings ?
Coul you tell me something abou e stff ?
Ar they l qualified teachers ?
I would be ntersted in having more detail of the social and port
programme .
Are he activities ncludd in e rie of the cours ?
Could u tel me out t os of accmmodation too ?
Also , cn you tl me what amenities there re er t school ?
or
xampl , is thee a park or ciema nearby ?
I look frwad to receiving your repl .
Regards ,
It ould be great if all of us had a healh le .
oweve , young ople generally do n't ay enough attentn to their health d fitnss .
There a mny young ople wh fllow Hollywood trs or famous singers and want to have th same bodies as tem .
As a consequence , they become slm a hey do n't ingest enough proteins and vitamins to ha a healthy lie .
On the other hand , teenagers ae coming re depeden on cellphones , video games and television , which make tem be moe sedentary .
Being always on the bed or on t soa is not recommended , wheras going outside and running or ridng a bicyle would be a betr otio .
Tt way , they would be dig hysical exercise .
Finally , to be healthy , it is lso important to ea a balanced di .
Snacks , ft ood , fried food and sweets are pa of young people 's lives as they can fin them everywhere : in th sos on h treet , at parties and in shpping malls .
In conclsion , youg peopl should behave ifferently owards their health a fitness .
Bin seentry nd eang fast food ill not t tem anywhere .
The statemn is ratr too categrical , because to a that there is no fture is going to far .
It is true though , that public tranport ould nt be e geneal ublic 's fst hice .
Sometimes he reons for oing so are o to do with convenience t , rather oe to do with economi issues or matters of conscience .
If we hik selfishly , tn the ar is he obvious choice .
It is eas , fst and we can almost par it rgh outside our destinatio or at walking disane - orter rather an longer .
It is initially expensiv , ut it is so handy tat we n up tinkin it is part of us and even think we ca ot ve without it .
Raising people 's awareness of pollton a how we must have a ore sustainable existence is what akes us lo r the les selfish and handy opios .
Pubi transpot is awas gin to be lowe , es flexible and much less connient , but we ae t reassurance that we are doing what is best fo ou planet .
We are complying wt the nrm .
In conclusin , publc transport wll always have a future if local governments have policies to promote it .
It is nev the attractie pion , b it is the ne which shows mo slidarity .
overnent os carry wt them erious responsibilities .
It is therefore no surprise that a erson 's age and experience ome under scrutiny whe ositions in goverent nd to be filled .
Many fe infuentia govenmnt jobs should be reserved fo those who a oer a have moe exerience , whil others feel t criterion for the psitios shuld be capability , namely whomever is most able to cay o the o .
This esay will look at bot sides befo drawing a logical conclusion .
On he one hand , many argu ht younger people should be made ineligible for important government poitions , and the implications of this opion e lear .
Those operating at senior levels within a cunry 's military , for example , reque fld experience to prevet disastros decisions tht col cue th needlss loss of lif .
Wre ounge pepl alowed to fst ack their ascensin within a country 's miitar , hey cul find themelves havig to make critica hoices based moe on theoreticl suy than pactical experience , and ts ould he catastrophic results .
hs , is it understandable why many feel younger goernment orkes should be incubted befe bing given promotion to imprtnt pstions .
However , the ar svral plausible counes to thi arment .
For e , youger orkes bring creativity and fresh idea to government .
For example , yung government workers in aada succesfuly pushd to incease HIV understanding and ipel stigmas attached to the dseas in the 980s , a deveopment ht encouraged tolerance and reduce irratinl fear .
In addion to frsh idea , it shold be remembered tht to et a government b , one h to ucessfully a rigorous screening process .
If a younger peron engages ti process as well or better th an olde person , it is hard to argu that age houd be a ecisie actor when offerng employment .
It is cla fom these reaon ha tere is mert to awarding imortant goernmen caer optos to younger pepe .
Although the aboe overviw reveals slid evidence for both side of e argument , it is elt tt the healthiest approach to designating government positions is to ensre cndidates nergo rigoous trainng programs .
hus , a person 's e should not be considerd a universal precursor to he awaring of govrnment jobs .
Promotional Objctive :
n of te promotional obectives is to increae h awareness of Trivago in on og .
In ore to achieve it bjecties , Trivago investe or money in promotion in 24 .
For example , they promoted her seah engine through a teevison commercial and a outube advertisement .
Yoube dvertising means the views av to be forced to watch e advertisement before they watch som video on Youtube .
Sne most people watch televsin not f just a f intes or do n st ach o or two vide(s ) on Youtube , tey wil be fored to wath is advertisments more than once .
Trivo a a vey smle and memorable tagline , which is ' otels ?
Trivag ' .
e audience will easiy hik of Trivago whe they are thinking aout hotels .
Al , Trvao wants to increase t market shar by enteing the Hog ng Market .
Mn Hg Kongers ve to trav a go to diffren counries to experiece the culture and enjoy te different lifestyl .
an of them ty to pla t cheapes way to do their rip incuding boking the bst alue hotel .
If they r aware of he bnefits of uig Trivago , the will loe to use it , as they could spend ess im comparing l th otes .
Therefore , Trivag uses advising to incras its arket she in Ho Kon .
In addito , Trivago is trying to enhan t company ime in ong Kong .
Tivago is not very well knon in Hong Kong .
ome eople pobably do n't even know wha it is .
If Trivago wants to earn profit frm the Hong Kong mark , it h to dvelop and enhance its brand imae .
Doing protion is one of te wa to improve its mae .
rivgo is tyng to demonstrat that it is t mot conenient hotel serh engine on he market .
Last b not te lest , Trivago wants to bost s download rte in the mole application patforms .
Almost all the advertisements re encouragng usrs to download its mobile applicaion .
If moe pople download i obile appliction , it ens more people know its brand a use t servc .
Current advertising strategy
We fund on of the telision dvertisemens whih is currnty being boadcst in Ho Kong .
The adertiseent is abot 16 seconds long .
The is a nrrato who introduces he function of Trivago a demonsrtes " ho to us i mobile appication to search for e bt vlu hotel . "
At te en of the video , th scren shows a taglne d t webte of Trivago .
We il analyze ts strtegies from difernt perspectives low .
Television Commercials
In general , telvisin is the ot popular meium in Hong Kong .
Advertsing on television is an effective ay to communicate a servie to the gnerl ulic .
Since television is able to reach a large nmbr of peple during a short period of me , oe potntial customers wl be exposd to its service .
If e avertisment is dsgned wl , people will remember it .
Moreove , television has th adantag of being able to utilize sight , soud an motin .
Combining a catchy theme tun a a well - desgned vsul dvertsement can inrease te chaces of viwrs remebering e brand .
hs as allows fo more creaive options .
As designers are not lmited to ing only sound or still imges , they cn cree advertisements that are appealing visually and aubly .
Background usc
Msic heps stimulate t senses n focuse attention on h advertisement .
h background msic in he advertisement is relaxe and exte .
It an ke people feel youthful and it maths the tast of young adlt , who are Trigo 's target customers .
Beids , msi also s other beefit .
It helps th audience to better rell e advertisement and stor it in long - term memory .
It can also increase the retention of visual information .
Demonstration
The teleision adrtisement shows he servic being ue .
It demonstrates l h steps from serchig for a hte , choosing section criteria and coparing the price of different otels .
Thruh he demonstration , Tivago can ho to he auiece how easy it is to use its mobl apliation to fin the bes vale hotl .
It can eance its reditability as the audiece n clearly know what ts servie is .
On the oter nd , as a mobile application , soe people probably el confued about how it ors .
Theefore , ith the visu effects , a demonstration is the mos effective way to tech t audiene to use t moie application .
Informtive
T television commercial esents information to the audience in a straightforward way .
Th narrator directly indicates t fuctins of the mobe application .
For example , he says the application cn instantly compare th rates of ove 150 websites .
For hse o e very interest in htel searching service , ty may notice such an infmative advertisement .
Cogniive Strtey
In he televsion commercial , rvago se cognitive essge strategy .
It cleary psented that its search engine can hp cutomers to cmpare e prices of ve 5 wesites of hotels in the world a find the best alue hotl .
This is a testable caim and Trivago can use it as is unique selling proposition .
Tis strtegy shows is prfesion n reliability f its target custmers .
At the same ti , it increases the confidence of customes about choosing its servies .
As Hong Ko is a new mart fo riago , it need to increase its popularity ther .
Before 24 , rivago s not famous in si .
It neds to utilise some srategis to increase t rad awareness and t information about is services for its cutomers in order to achieve he promional objectives .
Conative Stregy
On t other han , Trivago also applies cnatve strategy in the advetiement .
In t elvision commercial , the narrator tel the audienes to dowload te Trivago mobile application to ter mobile phone .
It encourages cuomers to purchase s srvice a truly ae se of it .
Th purpe is to increase ales ad ncrase i market sre in Hong ng .
Means - End Chain
Moreover , th " Mas - End Chain " is adapted in h television avetisement .
Th levege point of Trivago is povidig hotel rom search servces .
By using Trago 's serics , customers a search or the ot economical pic of hte roo to gain benefit .
Trivago n achieve persnal value for custoer hroug he advertisement .
Soe people dire to have a cmortable n pleasant journey th lower prices ad he freedom of choose hei fvorite accomodation .
The avertisement a so that te are wise by using Tivgo 's service to ln an economcal trip .
Man - End Chn is being ed , as Triao is not only to el customers search for a hotl oom , t also to aciee personal val for cstomers , whh is more vauable thn the ony te customer aved on bking a oel room .
Trivago uses this mehod to ehance it brand imae and competitive advantage , since th value of i ervices is increased .
Tagline
Nevertheless , rivago esigns a gline in the television ommercial .
he tagline ' ' otels ?
Trivgo '' , can introduce h key idea of h television cmmecial .
Audences c easily remember the brand name d e a clear awareness ad knowledge of Tivago evices .
Besides , it can also impre the consistency of avetising platforms .
As the tagline is catchy , if the tagine is ontinuosly applied on the other advertisements , it wil t be esy to stray from the ai ida .
Oter communication tools
Trivago doe not choe rad to be tir ediu , as it is antuated .
eople currently seldom listn to t radi .
Atentio to rado commerials is w .
so , radio advertisements ly conta verbal efets .
Without he visual effect , it becomes ls attractive .
ven touh ople listen to the dio advertisement of Trvag , they probably do nt kno how to spel the word ' Trivago ' as it is nt a normal word .
It mas it had for eole to searh for riago on the Internet .
Therfore , h prdut aweness drive by a adio advertisement is not enough .
Newspaper is also not a good medium , sine newsppers ave recently been replace by online newspapes .
Likews , Trivago is an onlne service , so a newspaper avertisemet may nt be appoprate for it .
astly , hiring a spokesperson entails high costs in promoion .
And thr is a risk in hiring a spokesperson , as he a not brg an expected rturn fo the company .
Someties , if ere is a spkesperon in an advertisement , he auience 's ocus m shift from he product to te spokesperson .
The pmotional objective is diffiult to achieve .
Terefore , a television commercial is kely to be h mo suitable method to pomote its brand in Hon Kong .
Jacob ws absolutely furious when he saw what was going on outside i window .
A grp of young boys was ce agai ing rffiti on e rot of his ouse .
Not even a moth before , he hd paid a ortun to get his plce rfurbished and pante .
He s e up wh al this profanity .
How ma tes would he he to face thi irreverenc ?
He heaed for the front oor in a rage .
e mmet he reach the street he started yelling at them .
Of curse , they al let in a rush .
Jaob remained ter bursting ih age .
While he was tading on e pavemen , ars of resentmen covered s fce .
No ne had eve repoded to his deand .
He kn that aong his inermst feeling there was a growing icy animosity towad umn ature .
He wondered how he would react ext time .
A few minute later , his good next - door neighbour ae by to help h to calm dwn an to cllect th art eapons eft er by the rffiti andal .
Have o ever wtced a game that involves peope runng around a field n sorig goals by kicking a ball ?
Ys , it 's foobal !
And it is alo kow to be my favourite sport .
I kno tt for oe , playing football is boring , but or me , it 's e ms aesom thing ever .
I 'm a feak en it cos to football .
I think I have atchd almst ll the football matces in hisory , especialy whe it w the FA Wor Cup saso .
I wod n sleep untl he ame was over .
Although I do n't play really wl , I oud choose it over an oher prt , any day .
I enjoy playing fooball because the eelig you ge wh yu are on the field is priceless .
I feel fe wen I 'm on the ptch .
I was tld that I was a natural player when I s ung .
I d n't nee n coachng since my football skills ce naturally .
I think tha I got this rom my d and my eler brother .
Both of them e st ke me , we freak ut we it comes to footall !
90% of our conversation involes fooball and we can lk l day about it or sre .
Her is some advice for aone w is starting this spt .
ke se you play smothy fo th frst time and make re you wear football oos we u 're playng on th pitch .
This advice is to avo you ijuring yourself as a beginer at footbll .
Do y have a favourite sprt ?
I 've bee laying tennis for 5 yea nw nd I can assure you it 's one of he best sports an pron can do !
Playng tennis means oe to me than ayting else .
Firt , whther played individualy or in teams , it 's great fun and deans a lot of effort .
Winnin or losing is up to you when you lay singles , nd u kn you hv to do you bs to achiev th est score .
Also , I love it bcaue it kes my mind ff my worries .
It has helped me to st focued and improve my concentration , too .
As ell as that , tens gives me e opportunity to keep ft and meet ne pople .
Since it 's not very easy at h begining , if you are intresed in taking up tennis you should persevere and pactis at lest twice a wek .
Do n't forget to buy a good pair of tenis shoes ad a fairly good acket .
l in all , I 've played any orts in my life , but enis has bee by far the est exercise for both my mind d my body .
I really get a lot of pleasue out of dong it .
Gve it a try ad u 'll e !
My hero a my villain
Do ou know " e Flig Dutcma " ? I consier him as te Dutch Sperman of 2013 , sine he as wn ome impotant sprts comeitions .
Do you also know Clown Bassie ?
Wll , I consider him as the meanest uth celebriy of this ya .
" T Flying Dutchman " , lso kown as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast from Groningen who as the irs man worldwide to do an incredibly diffiul exercise on h parallel bars .
By performing this exercise erfectly , he becae t rld Champion this yer ( and he also won t god medal at the Olymis of 2012 ) .
For ths ahievment , I admire him quit a lot .
Con Bassie , on the othr and , is an act in a TV programme for childen .
Afer a live show , he ae a lttle girl r by shouting at her and then kicked her in th bak .
Why woul yo treat odlers so baly ?
To sumarie , my hero of 20 is Epke Zoneland , because of s chievemets in the gym .
My vilin of th yea is Clown Basi , sinc I think h behaviour is unaccptabe !
Clery , travelling in your own r is much me comfortale than on pbli transport .
For is reason , many people w believ hat there is no future f public transpor .
Thse people believe that over the next few years we will e a severe decline in th number of people using buses , trains , trams , e . to get to laces .
In my opinion , this is disappointing for a numbr of reasns .
First of ll , public transport brings us closer to other peole .
We share moments with those peole sing the sme moe of tansport as us .
Also , it is an excelet y of aving th eniroment .
By sing public tanspot , we reduce r carbon footpin and help to save th Earh .
Futhemore , we lso save time : as citis become bigger it eomes mr an more difficult to pr , which in tur lead to us wasting time looking fr somewhee to pa , or wasting money on expensive ar prk .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should be a necesary pa of everybody 's life . We should use it every day to av e Eath , oey , and tme .
If y 're ooing for a great im to wth on a rainy day , I totally recommend Ale in onderland .
It wud gve o al the magic of a fantas film based on a boo .
Directed by m Burton , te tory is a etelling of te fatasy novel lice 's Adventures in Wnderland .h film shows a young Alie roubled by a strange recurring dream , te los of e beove fater , an nwaned arriage prosal , and the oppressive expections of te society in whc se ves .
Usure of what to do , she cases a rabbit in a bue aitcoat , d accidentally fal into a large rabbit hle fm which she emerges in a orest , ere sh is grted by any strage creatures .
There lice will start an adventure hre e must sa he evi Red Qee and reste t ite Queen to power .
The im fetres a Waskowska as Alice .
With her sweet face , pe ski , nd great acing , s lok prfet as a confused and brave ir who has to save at " wnderul " wrld .
But we mst not forget about the marelous ctng of Johnny ep ( as e mad hatter ) an Helena Bonham Carter ( as the r quen ) , withut he the im woud n't be he same .
But it 's not jus te atin that is reat in is film .
he cinematography is fantastic , it oner igital landscape .
But at really mkes it agical is the makeup an the costume design . hey eall maaged to crate someing amaing with th appearnce of he characters .
Finaly , the im had te great tuh of i urton as dircto .
If you ejo a clssic book , bu th more action and a ltle t twisted ; ach Alice in Wnderlad .
I totally recommend it , o will nt be dsappointed .
Is cience ev ?
eopl 's opinions on ths quesio difer idely .
I hik that sciene has ltered ou lives in a positie ay .
Hr are ome fcs to suppot my ew .
Frstly , I should say ht ife nwadys would be uhinkable wthou science .
In the century of advancing communications and tchology , it is hard to imagine h old wthout medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
eope today are iteresed in earning about he surrounding word , abo new civilizations an distant planets .
Science explais to us a o of h thing tat we previousl were ot aare of .
Wihot its help , fr example , we would ave ner realized where we have come frm .
It lo gives us ues tat tere a be ife on other plnes and we might no be he ot supror beings in t rld .
By sin computers nowadays , it is very covenien to in the information o are looking for .
Tre is no secret f human beings day , beaue ey ae explored ery place on t Earth .
They clib th ighes mountains , dive in h dpts of t ocan , and conduct dangerous experiment d all for t ke of sience .
he reent belief is that scientific research will slve al problms an do away with all difficulties .
With is help , for example , eople are able to cop with natural isasters .
We know ho to destroy hail clouds wih cn cause reat amge to our crop .
We are lso able to protect ourselves from various diseases and help the si .
That is wy since is so imprtant owdays .
On the ohr hnd , the gratnes of scienc goes togeter with its disadvantages .
o example , we are olige to agree ht science has given no swer to n 's dobs .
Th obsesson wh knowing everything h led some of us to conduct dangerous experiments for hich we a ith or lies .
To conclude , I will only ay that science mas our lives sier .
With its help , we cope with different situations and that is why it is so fudaental to human existen and I thin is nt ev .
At some ti or another , eah n every yon peson must povid themselvs ith the necesry skll . " What a I do it my lfe ? " .
hen you start to consider interests and strengts , it make ense to consider your interests firt .
Aer all , a successful career is best measured by how satifying u fid it , and it 's easier to develop strengts and skills than to actually ve to larn to id smehing ineresing .
While we are tdying , we may not think seriously about jobs .
Bu in a fw ers ' tie our job will be one of the mos important ings in our everyday life .
Wen somne asks an adult " wha do you do ? " ,
they narly lway rly with their occupation .
Work , for most of us , will be the definng aspec of life a , thus , of or identity .
hroug or wk , we find an identity , we n ind atus , intellectual smulation as wll as wealth , which nables us to buy coort .
We can ok out or plce in the world .
Or orking idenities an cane over time , u intity an behaviour as a young graduate e different from those of the professonl eper and fro ths of the senior ladr .
ur ability to develop our identity is cruia to or ailty to be successful in a ang of care ole , we need to shed ur old idntiy nd add w elements .
We ec have a picture of o we re an wha we wil / wo't do in or heads . Once fored , our brains grner the evidence that it is a tru pctur a ignore evidence that suggests tht it is nt true .
So wn peopl say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detai ' ' I do n't do prparatio ' , ey believe it and mae it tr . '
I ca n't do sales ' eomes a sel - fulfilling prophecy .
We n change ou beliefs , actions a thus our dentity through experimentaio , ractce and conscious self - dscpline .
In an ae when carer progression a lead us into new eniroments n sctors , it is ever more important to challenge our sense of lf and xlore wheer you can create ' a w you ' by changing the belies yu hold about oursef n te wold , in ordr to develp n xand your career otions .
Faors behind the decline
There are more thn 2 l , banoned , buildns in r capitl cty .
But most of th are about to be demolihd by own planners .
This means we wil ose a pat of our ntional hisory .
While e ct that those buildings a not en as worthy of preservation is an imortat ftor , demolitio is mor freqenty caue by a ac of public fds .
Firstly , demolition is parl caused by how luable te l buiings ae considered to be .
Old buildis ofe do not provide oprtunities to make a mone . They only cs tw paners a lo of money because they probably ne to be reovatd .
However , even with these arguments , demolitio is more frquenly afectd by a ck of pbli fuds because it cors the part out the hindsight of an appropria budt for eventually renovating as ll .
With no appropriat uget it is unreasonale to keep ol buildins hic are ueless when hey r o renovted .
An on top of that , ithut pulic fds , there are too few people o sw they care bou e fat of hstrical uildngs .
Ths might cause town planners to think there r not eough reasons to ee hm .
After all , he factor wth the mot influence on the demolition of local uildigs is th la of public funds hich mae it possibl to keep our old builings , or at est a few of them , becase these fud freqenty accumulate money f projects like renoations .
y frm of public trnsprt lke a bus or a tra is too much of an inconvenience , especially in a lrge city sc as Londn .
Iagne oig to work on a rainy day : you hae one hd on you umbrella nd h thr clutcing your bag , te ind is blowing mist on yo fc and a puddle of watr is sprinkling tiny dots of e dr on you stietos while y are making yu wy to a bus stop .
Not a ood cee , is it ?
Definitely o a good w to stat your day .
Ineed , th method by which a person goes from poin A to point B ca spll the dffrence beteen a good nd a a a .
Transportation is very mportant in our daily if and , in thi mden world we le in , the ey leat that we expect from almost anythng is convenience .
Tat is why most of us refer to tael in our own ar rather than by pulc transport ; no only because it keeps us witin o own private sphere , it aso kps us dry whn travellg on a rainy y .
s , we ar illin to spend oe in th nae of convenience . We 'd rathr y a hefty pre fr gas han be inconvenienced on public tranport .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Pula uiweg and I ve recely gradute rom high school .
Net ya I ill be starting the Psychology bchelor rgramme at the University of roningen , n I would lke to earn some money beforehand .
So , when I me cros this advertisement yestrday , I foud myef tinking w wonderful it would be to apply f this job .
I blieve mself to be a suiable pesn fo ths job , as I am a ar - working , reiale , ceerful , fun - loving person .
When I was 15 yer old , I staed lookig aft our neighour 's childr , ad sevn and nne .
Tho cildre ar to old o babsitters now , b I ov chldren and wold really le to wr with them again .
I believe yself to be a profiient cook , as I 've alays cooked fo my mily at h weekends .
When I was almost three yers old , my prets mod to Indonesia becaus of their work circumstances .
her I went to Surabaya Internatonal School , hee I learn English .
Two years later , we ved back , but I continued speaking both Dutch n nglish to my parents .
I aso read boks in English , so I tink my Eglsh is certainly god enough for hi job .
My hobbies clude drawing , baking aks , and eaing .
I like phoography to , although I haven't ben doing that or a log time .
I 'm interested in philosopy as well ; I enjoy riting essays about psycholoial or philosophcal subjects , so evry ow ad tn I rit an say in my fee me .
Thank you very uch for your time . I hoe you 'll conside me for hi posion .
I oo forward to eaing rm yu soon .
Yours faihfully ,
P. Zidweg
Fam an th attitde to ae have been one of h mos thought - rovokig topics .
Studets usually in it vr inspiring n engaging to dicus ths issue because it is very difficult to give a clear - t answer nd so , it maes the process of discusion vy exciting .
Tere may be a sigificant nmber of agument whh uppot he statement that ae is a ood thing .
My personal ttitue to ame is rather ambialent .
On th o hd , I persnlly think tha the dsire to become famous is a great riving for that stimulates peop d brings a lot of benefits to others in its wa .
Sportsmen are oe of the most iid examples of it .
If we take footbl clubs , for example , we c s tha the desire to eome well - now a popular aes football players very dedicated sportsmen .
Thy can fight agint the odd to be in the p eague .
It is remarkabe o much samin and sirt can be demnstraed by suh prtsmen .
Teir desire to be at he top contrbutes a l to e fame and reutatin of their clubs and countries as wel .
What is equal impotant and ad to he mportane of me is that somebody 's dsir to be famous a hav a tiggring effect on thers .
It means tt other peopl feel challenged and do n't want to fall behind ad look like underdogs .
Without ths stimulus , they miht hv been inactive .
On the othe an , an almost eua umber of people my have a contrasting oint of ew .
Te gie exampe of we e dere to become famous mae people aggressive ad ruthless .
Such pople tie to aieve their goal irrespectiv of th men .
I can illsrate my wod with the example of military campaigns .
The dsir of some countris ' leadr to become famous and to glorify their names as great commanders brouh about wars a conflict btwee countries .
Hundreds and thousans of innocent eope may ll vicm to the insatiable dere of such fame - seein personalities .
So , al in all , we c nt answ is qusion with " yes " or " no " bcaus there is an almost equal number of eaples that hl to spprt the contracting points of view .
It s idight and Susan 's crig ws mufled by her pillo .
She cou n't believe tha he s cpable of doing suc a horrendous hing .
It was een o'clock when she got home with r arm ll of grocery bags .
It was a strange atmosphee in the house and a chill ent down her ine .
Sh bushd it o and went to the kitchen to put l the groceries on t kitchen cunter .
She oked around e kitchen and sw a po - it on the fridge . '
We ne to lk ' it sid .
Se hecke the time , hen decided to cl Michael .
He was n't answeing i phone . '
He migt be busy .
He 'll cl later ' , she thought .
e went to their bedroom to cane her clothes and strt dinner .
She waned to surprise Michael with som delicious paa and sm ose wine .
S wet down to the itchen an proceded with preprations , bu he could n't ge rid of at weird feeling . ' Something is up . I cn feel it ' , so she icke up the phone and decided to cl Mchael agin .
After three rns , he answered te pone , hs breath short . '
Yeah ?
Hey bay ! '
" Hi . Wher are yu ? she asked , aprehenion rising sowly . "
Oh , I had to fnis something for wo , so I 'll be ae tonight . Do n't wait up ' he said d ung up .
She looked at the pone surpsed an tre calling him again , but his phone s rned off .
Se called s bes riend and aso his workmate and aked him abot Michael , u he a no clu about it , so she decided to go to his office .
e rde felt ik an eternity .
Sh parked her car a e meters awa fom Michel 's ofice ad walked up to it .
h was abt to open the doo when she head a female vice ming from i office .
" What ar we oing to do ?
hi is n't somethi that will go away in a few mths .
I 'm pegnat and we need to rt this out .
What are we going to do bot Susan ? " sid the ufailiar woman .
" I do n't kow . " si the amiliar male voice . "
I guess we 'll st hve to play his on cool , because I ca n't ose Susan .
You need to understand ths . I 'll pa child spport n help you with the kid , u I can not le Sus " .
Sh could n't believe hr er .
Michael d been cheating on he .
Fl of rage and disappointment , h opened the or an saw h wom siting in Micae 's lap .
Michael was petriie .
usn looked at him , then at the man .
S col n't be mre ha twent - two .
She loked at him aan then trne arond ad le .
When she got home , she packed some of er belongings nd drove to her best rend 's house .
Atr tw ours , he could her Mical 's voice coming om dwnsairs .
" I need to tl to her .
She needs to ear me u . I wo n't leave ! " .
She hard heavy footses on h stairs and bied her head deeper in the illo .
Michal ented lowy and trd to appach hi wife . "
Don't!"h said d threw he pillow at hs face .
Mihael closed the doo and knew at that moment he d mde a mistake .
Repectd teachers d all my friends
Good morning to on and all present here .
I am vry happy to see y all once agan .
I am here today to delive a seech to y aot oycottng bulling .
Thee day , we ee written on he wal , top bullyig .
Do we nw h rl meaning of the word bullying ?
Bullyng y be defined as he actvity of repeated , agresive ehavio intended to hurt another individul , physically , etally or emotionally .
Bulyig is characterid by an individa bhaving in a certain wa to gain power ov anoer prson .
It can be classified to four types :
Physica ( ittng , punching , or kking )
Veba ( ame - calling or tantig )
Relationl ( destroying pee acceptance and frendship )
yber - bulyin ( using electronic means to harm othrs )
Those who hav en te targets of bullying cn sufer from long - tem emotional and beavioral problems .
Bullying can use loneliess , depresin , anety , d ea to low lf - eteem a illnesses .
In onclusion , I oul ke to y that sel ham , low sl - estee and bullying a ll causes of destructon in o schools . We ned to to hi .
We need to do something to revent it , beor it 's oo at .
No to bnih bullying from our school I ask ll of you to take this oath : I make a commitmnt to take a san against bullying . I will treat others ih resect n kindness .
I wl have compassion to not be a bull n the crage to not to be a bystane .
It is my responsibility to help others eng bullied n to report bullyin .
Tank you
Michael as sitting on te garden bench , waiting for i ther to finish her work .
e was a machinist , nd was currentl oking on some secret work he cold n't understand .
As Mihal hrd e son of beaing glas , he ran up to hi mthe 's ofice .
he was on h ol ground , lying like a ad body . Her son st by her side , trying to wake her up .
He toppe when he sa te rk shadow waling towards him .
It ws a m in h late thirties , ver thin an with light gry ye .
An vl smile w drawn on his face .
He aised his had , which was oldig a mal bar , coeed in blood .
Mihal had no time to scream , he was already yin on th floor by his other 's sie .
5 ers aer .
Ter he wa , sitting on a bench in a gaden , waiting or his mothr .
ut this time , he just kw e would nvr com .
She wa not ea , but in a oma , in a hospital .
He a in the se state as he for about a week ftr te rma , and had to liv on s own or th years tha followd .
As he grew wer and stronger , Michael stil alas ad this hp that his mthr wuld we up .
But it woud neer appen , not anyore .
He walked up to h room , where he wa comfortbly sleeping in her b .
He st by r ide , and hd her hand .
Tonight , she would be gone . He d aleady signed the papers . Hi choice was made .
He tok a de breath fore leaning over hr a kssig her forhad softely .
Fl of sorrow and pn , Michae closed the door ad knew at that moment he had made a istake .
De Mr Beaon ,
I would le to apply fo the job as a music ad dane eahing assistant at yur ummer school as advertis in or advrtiseent .
I am a twty - year - l studnt in my sond year at National niersity of Cultre of Ukaine .
Her I am studying ace d choreograph .
Also , I a pay several musical instruments , such as : vioin , gitar , drus ad tamourne .
Frthemore , I ov hildre ery much . The raso culd be tha I have three younger rohers nd one ounger siste , so I am the eldest one .
Hwever , I have no experiene of woring wth chldren , apart fr heling my parents ith my broter a sister .
B in th ace ield I hv a o of achievements , such as victories in different competitions and festivals .
I am a very actv d cetive persn with a desire to wok .
And , of course , as reqird , I can pak English qui well and have a certificate that shows it .
In my opinion , my candidy is uitable enough r ti jo , because I am a yong ersn that hs ll the required sills and a lot of energy to work .
I look forward to hearing rm o .
Yours sincerely ,
ya Yashina
My first memores of food are frm my eary yas , as I lked at my grandmothr coing typical Spanish dishes suc as pall or tortilla .
Wen I ws in schol I used to go to my grandparents ' hom to have luch because my arents wre at wr . I fondly remmber my grandma 's great cooking kils ta she ill has to this day .
She 'd cook the best tortilla , paella nd all of e typial Spanih dishes that I 've ve eaten .
A w years atewards , iht when I started igh school d t my tnager yers , I bean eatn bigr amounts of unhealth food from American fs foo restaurants tht I sed to go to with my friends ome days right after cass a durg the weekends .
Those years I a very familiar th t sel of cheeseburgers , BBQ pzzas an kbabs .
By the time my ig schoo years wee dn , ad when I atended university , I devoped a certai prediection fo typical ealhy Spanish food , unaoidaly combined with ess fast food d to he usual dinners with frinds .
e ain caus of tt change s hat I had to hav breakfast , unch and dinner in my college do 's dining room , whh had amazingly good cooks . They 'd cok relly good dishes such as cocido , garbanzos an aela .
Wondrfu inventions su as te tri , bus an airplane hae allowed us the freedom to tavel and eplore hi great laet for a lower price .
Indusrilization gve us the bility to mass produce public transit vicles so ha evryone could be fre to move .
Travelling by car may be more convenien on an ndividual basis but pollution is a dnge we have to ac .
If all of us sed cars , the levels of pollution would be nredibly high .
Pblic institions should encoure the use of puic trasport , especially trins as thy use eletricity an are less polluting than oter mans of transport .
There is a problem , thogh .
Prces of train ticets n be vry high d ty shod be reduced .
Trffc is a really g poblem in cities noaays nd only the s of public transport cn ae a signiicant diffrence to he quality of lf in r cities .
If hos wh run public ransportation systems he to mke them greener in th futue , the 'll have to com up with soluons at re bt enrgy eficient and effective .
In oclusion , I think that publc transport has an important role to play if we wn to preserve the quaity of ife in our cities .
I believe that my background is suiable for th positi .
My frs dere gv me a go rck rord in physiology a anatomy , and e experiene , as a bioloical cience ' student ad as a reearh fell , allowe me to buid a scienifc wa of hnking .
Futherore , I have impoved my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioinformatics and microcopi techique , and I lo would like to point out my high mtiation to delop expertise in em ces an pharmaeutica rsearch .
In adiion , I am committed to science nd I am a dedicaed , team - oriented person , who is able to rk independentl .
Dear Sr or Madam ,
I am interested in an Engish Cours on which I ca learn at my w ce .
Therefore , I am riing to give yu my detais .
First of l , I cnside it very imortant to learn a second language and English is a vy ommnly used one around he world .
I need to speak English when I tavl aboad .
In addition to that , I graduated in Cmputer Sciene and thre is a lo of information available in this angage .
So , I nee to have a gd vocabulary to unerstand the maerials I fin on the Inrnet .
Secondly , I ha ben studyin ngish for s yars . I am good at readig nd grammar , but I am conscious that I ne to pratie my speaking .
I a art the course as soon as pssible an I plan to sped 6 mnths on it .
nally , I have an interest in tehnoogy , he environment a scece .
In my fee time , I like to rad books d play board games .
I am ooing forward to receiving my prgramme of study .
Yor faithfully ,
na Ferreira
I live in a small village in te Grma eion of ess , called Griesheim .
The city authorities have a very srit pocy regarding waste disposal .
All citizens ar involved in te rocss by orgaizig heir wae in the corresponding bn an by maki good use of h waste calndar .
Every hse in he village has three containrs :
- One for apr ;
- On or bio waste ; and ,
- One fo waste that n not be reycled .
In dition , yelo plati bags are provide fo fr to eparate the plastic , can and bric .
Te cost of the was disposal service deends only on h volume of non - recyclable was produced .
The yllow bs and the glas ae processed at no ct , wateve the vlume .
There are also public containers or glass d clothes all around the village .
Eventually , he citizen ecoms part of a very meticuou recyling pcess by ookig to the cost .
On the oth hand , the cy provides a punctual ublic transport system , whi is er conveient .
hi sstem eies on e tram .
Trams are available 24 hos a tr sops a evenly distributed ; it takes no mr than 8 mintes to wlk from one so to th next one .
e bus networ completes te puli tranport ervice .
Cyclin is noter suitable ptio , if the weather alls .
T city is bike friendy and ke pts are available .
Lage forests nd country rods , where cars ar n aowed , are also part of the offer .
Jack and he grat , ury wafl .
Jack was a ft , lazy u wo loved food , and he oul never miss a meal .
He wud onl drag hmself ou of his house we he hed a new tye of fd h been ceated .
Jck lived it h mote , he ha no job , nd when se had td him to be idepenent , he nly laste oe month efore ending up in verty .
He was really sad becaus the gvernmen was nforcing a l baning n types of fod . This had become a huge problm bcuse more Americans were gettng iabetes .
One day , before hi nw l s established , a crazy scientist create a new wafle , " e great , furry waffle .
" his was an incentive fr Jack to go out . He was sre at desiny ad rewarded hm with this blesin , because he had ate te t dogs in a row , altough he felt a bit sck after , he ne it as ort the try .
There s a bit of a problem in his plan : the ne waffle a in Texa , nd he livd in Washington .
He knew he would n't last a day in h heat , but the was nthng ettr han a ew wffle .
He saw on is mum 's teevisin that if he a he first peson to try the waffle , he wul e a bonus of a hundred bacn tris .
Jack ought a tickt r the rliest flight to Txas . Once he got off the pan , he rn through he andscape .
He liked t trend of everyone being f in Aerica . Tha a , he could fit in .
nce he got to the laboatory where e pancake was mde , he tld t ad scientist that he waed to at his waff .
The scientist gave h " the great , furry waffle " and a lot of syrp .
Jack rabbe it a t it in his mouth . He culd taste heaven in his mouth .
It wa a combination of bacon , met , nd heese with a ittle i of butr .
hat he di n't epect ws that al t hir h gotte stuck in i troat , leavig h unabl to breate !
In a matter of second , he fell to the ground , choking .
Suddenly , a gin fh ell from th sky , cauig m to spit out he hairball . Jack oul not belive wht he sa . Te man riding te fih was Bugs Bnn !
Jack finaly ost weight and ivd hapil ever atr . The end .
Ha you ever stopped to thn tht som standards exis in society that everyone kns and ollws alhough some pople do it unconsciously ?
These standards are called nritten rle , whih can be defined as unspoken rues imposed in eah cuure to me the populatin iv ore civily ( Bob Gene , Hw Uwritten Rues Crcumscrbe Ou ives - Paragrph 6 ) .
In fact , nce the eginnng , he written rules hve helped to crae civilizations , hil h unwritten res ave helped to maintain them , allowing le to be ore hamonious .
For example , I can cte the importance of te unwritten rules in my own culre , he Brazilian ultur .
The are some aspects n actons that everyone who lve in Brazil needs to follw , and those directly reflect the valu of Brzilian culture .
Oe of th most important unwritten ues that yu houd follow in Brazil is reled to vocal patterns .
hn Olqi sd tha te situation nd the envronent define he correct tone of speech ( 19 ) , he s taing about African Amrican Communication , bu he is lso descriin Brailian cmmunication at te sa me .
Even though there is no definite cosnsus but he exat vocl patterns in razil , there are some facts aot te extremes of them .
Frst , Brazilians fl uncomfortable when people close to hem ais their on of voice and continue seaing loudly for a long time , withut havin clear resos .
It eans ht you wn to transform the dialog into a monolog ; morevr , unknown peop in h same environment as yo requenty do n wan to kw abo yor thinkn .
Surpriingly , on the oter hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rl , an can be interpreted as an ffens .
In Brazilan culture , if , uring a conversation , a person eaks too l , the listeer will assume ta the speaker does no want to contine wt he dialog or does not care out wha yo are sayng .
In bt h extremes of speech , loud and w , there is a iolatin of he alus of good communication .
Therefore , en you are in a conversation , it is importnt to pay attention to omply with the unritten rules of vcal atterns sucessully .
As val patterns are cnidered so important for Bazlians , personal pac is ather unwritten rule tt it is ea to e people using on the streets daily .
he ou are in a space where you feel comfortable being around other people ta yo do not no , ts space is yu persol spce .
nd , it c chae according to your degree of familiarity or intimacy with the ter person .
In sme counties , lie the Unitd States , hoe respect of persnal space is extremely important , the public and e intimate space n ay beeen 25 fee a touching ( Edwrd T. Hall ) .
In Brazil , her is also hi diference bewen the ublic nd t intimate space , et te magnitude of this is not h me as in the U.S.
Although Brazilians have a shotr persona spce in omparisn with the United States , hey are not toleran of stangers ivading it .
So , eve though the distance between people is shter in Brazil , bh ountries vlu the idea of maitainig a space that both pele feel comfortbe with , called peronal sace .
Alhough Brazilians usually do no worry about disance ad by others , pole from diferet ultures believe that Brazlians spend a ot of im looking at others .
As a reult , some people an mke misinterpretations .
For examle , in some ulures , Brazilians can be onsiered rde by women because te lk to keep consat eye cntac , and r these wmen , thi ens a lac of repet or invasio of privac .
Diffrently , foreign men oftn believe that hey re bein desired due to his constant eye cotact .
In geneal , ts suosition is not regarded as ru for man people in our culture , ince Brazilians believe that constant e contact is oe of e ms important poins to maiain a od dialog .
Accoring to he artice " Nnvebal Communication : Speaking itout rds " , ey contact is mortant because " insufficient e contact ca create cmmunicaton bariers " .
In fact , in Brazil , e conact is prime , d o will be consideed to be wiout interest in the spker or that the spakr is bothering o if y do o gve eough aention when u are talking to hm .
T ource of tis rue is easy to identify , esecially when prents ar talking to heir kids ; it is hrd to gt the kid 's attention exlusively , bu t parent isstently repeat , " look at me when I am alking to you " .
Therefre , ti interaction demostrates hat ye ntact c hve a strong influence on te cultual value of attentiveness and respect or the others ' opinion .
ftr ing socially dged by socet , we n perceive th irect infuece of unwriten rules on our culual values when somone breas at least one of them .
In rail , he social rules like voa paterns are rfected in the communiction values , which can be decisive to maintai oo commniation .
Also , personal space is govened by ules ta vry depending on the country , and in Bral are conidered small , but everyone there appreciates ts cultural alu .
E cotat is another imortant cultural lue hich is used by Brazilians , meaning respect an interest in others .
As in Brzl , eac counry rund t world s eflctions of unwritten ules in the cultural vals .
Becuse of thse vaieties of values and rules , usualy there ae sme misunderstandigs between pople of different nations .
Respecting the rules is he first step to understanding them nd avoiding some conflicts .
In addition , ou shou avoid judging cltura vaues of ohe countrie based on unwritten rules of yur own .
It was a ainy Mondy afternoon ad Michael a gazing out the window thinking but his ie , when he saw his friend , ohn , dashing long the street .
Wondering at he might be doing , ihael outed :
- Why are you in suc a hurry ?
- I 'm late for my piao leon ! I really have to go , see you later - Joh replied , pning .
- Oh , okay , bye !
Michal h a chemistry test the nxt day , but he was n't in the mood to study nd so he deided to al Al , i best fren :
- ey ex !
Do y want to go out ?
-
Yeah , sre !
Whr should we et ?
- How about the cafe nr o schol ?
- To be perfecly hoest , I do n't really like it ere !
What abo the o next to t shoppng center ?
- Sounds grea .
e o here at alf pas six ?
- Ok , see you ate hen .
Michael abbed hs coat and crept ot of his house in orr t to ke up his paents .
He remembered that he still d n't studied for his chemistry st .
Michael closed the door and knew at that mont he had made a terrible mistake .
According to Ferguson et al ( 2013 ) , dieary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , via it reduction to ntrit ( NO2- ) an subsqunt conversion to nitric xie ( NO ) , reduces bood pressure .
od , Morton and raakhuis ( 212 ) also rgue tt nitrate is consiered a potent vasodlator .
The reason for this is at he itric oxde relaxes boo vsels d dilates them , hch hep the boo low oe asily and lowers bld ressur .
Thus , the nduced vasodiation may affect both systolc and diasolc blood pressure aftr exrcise .
Nevertheles , a stdy by h New England Journl of ediine claims tht only diaslic blood pessur is affected by nitrat supplement , since they did n find in their study a significant chae to ystlic blood pressr after nirat supplmentaton in healthy volunteers .
Surrisingl , he crent sdy has found significat changes in oth systolic d diastolc blood pressure ost exercise .
Thus , the nvstment in reeach into t influence of nitrate supplementation shuld cotiue , th aim of hch would be to iprove sports performanc and imove uality of life .
In conclusion , t results of he prsnt study inicate tha supplementation of beetroot juice has no ignificnt fect on 70 m rowin ergometer pefrmance .
It is unquestionabl that some research found significant improvements .
In this presnt study , howvr , t rowing time of th partipants was not shoter th tims without suppementation .
Importantly , seios cages in blood lactte levels were t fund iher .
It was ssumed tat beetroot juice would incrse oxidation a would rece lctate prouctio .
Nevertheless , itrae supplementation i not change the lactate lel sgnificantly .
Finally , it was confirmed hat nitric oxide relaxes blood essels , consequently reduing bood resure .
By this action , eetroot uce ma effcively protec the cardiovasclar sytm duri xerising .
Desit th present fndngs , more reearc is necessary to understand th effects of nitrate supplementation .
By ths acto , thletes m improve their performance as we as their quality of li .
Dea editor ,
I read ur artle about tehnology ad education in the newspaper yeserday and I am writing ts letter becue I strongly dsagree with yor perona opinion abou teachers and dcation .
De to the ft that I am studying to beome a eacher , I he ome re knowledge about this subject tan oter people , because I am in th chol classrom evr day d I fac the reliy of it vey y .
To begin th , I agree with you hat tehnology sometimes makes the educational process easier n or pleasant in tht students have no idea that tey are bradening teir knowledge .
Of curse , I mae use of a computer and pojector urig my daly teaching , because this is a pleasant and entertaiig activity for children .
However , my objection is that intractiv learning is not the nly way or children to be educatd .
Th traditional eduational process may sometes seem to be boring n ull for chldren , bt a techer should be a part of tis prces as a guide .
ithou teachers ' guidance , self - study ay cause some poblems fo children , suh as possible misundesandings .
Networke educaional conen is not safe at all .
It is cmmn fr childen to watch volnt scenes .
So , th teacher is a necessary part of te educationa proces .
Noadays , youg peop graduate rom univesities , and cme up with n and innovative idas about the educational roces , and so , h tradiin will be updated in the following year .
To be more pecise , n educational ethod promoe the students ' teamwork .
In other words , students hv the oportunity to discuss wit their cassmtes in orer to solve a mathematical polem in coeration or to talk about a ubject .
Frthermore , when it 's necessary , go stuents can ep tei classmates to mpove themselves .
In tis ind of educatio , he teacher is nly the gide h helps studets to discover the informaion on thei own .
Furthermore , it mes childen more sociable .
In cntrat , interacive learig may bng some advantages , bu it ca also ae hilren ntisocia , bcaus they learn on ther w without h ee to be in hool with ter people .
They do n't ned to co - operate nd to work as a team .
his is bad , becuse it wl be necessary to wo as team in thir fure job and then they wil face seriou commuiation problems .
To m up , I am not against interacie learnig n th us of technology .
My personal opinion is this it is not sufficient to covr the education press .
I think that it is fficient en tere is a cominatin of traditional education and interactie lernin .
The " apo de art " spor centr
The " Campo de Marte " spor centr in Lima is h perfect place r oung people who are ken on sort nd fr he ones h wuld lik to take up a sport .
Thi is a od option , especally durig t smmertime .
While din these actities , teenagers will asily mke n fiend n develop e klls .
Also , this is a healthy way of gettig f .
This sports cetre povdes a huge varety of phyical activities .
One of hese is atletics . "
Cpo de Marte " is on of the fe plces in Lima where ou an prctie athletcs prossionally .
esides , o hv th chae to take prt in internatial competition if yu stn out .
nother importnt tivity is swiming .
u cn ractise it in a si - Olymic swiming po , which is alys cea an protected against te suligh .
However , durig he winter it cn be not warm enough to swim properly .
I strongly recommnd young people to hose pors in whch you can be par of a am .
This experiene woul teach yo o to work with different inds of peopl .
De Mr Wallis ,
Thank you so much for ths opportunity . I am ery grateful f everything .
I thin English is , in fac , vey important becas , fis of all , despite not ein t st pken lanage in th wold , it is th official language in a large umber of countries .
ost of e content produced on te internet ( 50% ) is in Enlis d , last u not least , althoug learning English cn be challenging a stea soe of our precous tme , we can see ht it is also vr aluabl to lrn an c also crte mn opportunities .
Aou e accommodation . We talked and decided that we woud prefer to be wh Englsh - speaking families because of the rat opportunity it is f veryne to actually test their spaing skll .
Ts is a ne in a lifetime opportunity and I am cerin ta we will cherish every second of ever minute the .
I was acualy abot to email you bot the activities ta r being planned .
Regarding h studts ' peferences , they all love the outoos , like parks ad rver , nd they also lve a gd museum bcuse of thir hirt or knledge .
All in all , anything that will keep them aay from being bored nd having othing to do .
Concerning this amaing tr , I only hae t quesions let starting wi the weath , considering our experiene with t hangs happening at ts tme of th year , and te secnd and last , about what ty of clothes you recommend , which is of geat importance priarily to ur femal sudents .
Yours sincerel
Margaret Dn
I gee with the sttemet ove to sme extent .
On the positi sde , travelling by a is more relaxinjg because you do ot have to rey on others to driv for you .
Actuly , you have ore freedom as to which roads to choos n you cn ave breaks whenever you feel a nd f sme time ff h stre .
In addition , drving by yourself you a nt limie by the tation y hae to isit .
Going by tin , for example , you need to ge to the next tin station ad , fterward , rm th dstinatin train sttion to you final detination .
Otn enough , u have to rely on the services , su as buses or taxis , to reach our desnation .
On th ote hand , usn plic transportation is good for h environment because the aount of ga , elctricity ad other aterials used is a ot lwe er had .
Furtemore , you hav the chance to take a nap , do me work or watch TV whle y a being rasported .
Moreov , y ca be ucky enoug to aoi big traffic am , especially if o are taking t train .
Aoidig tafic jms , construction sites , acidets nd her osacles you a be ffeted by my reul in a shorter amont of time spent travelling .
As a conclusion , you culd y public transport wl hae its uses even in the uture . hie goin by cr ay be more comfortable frm time to time , the rason I tted bove lead me to he conclusin tt pulic transport is necessary .
It is popularly belieed that the golden era of publc transportation ll end soon due to e heav ue of auomobiles su as cars , abs nd ns .
Pulic tranporation moe le trains and bss ha ben imensely helpful to e genera pblic thoughut the pa cople of decades .
On the other and , traveing by r is getting f oe populr tha it ever was wh the development of science and echnolgy .
Peopl who ar ased in rural an remote areas alwy refer to e blic transportaton , accordn to researchers from Columba University .
Howeer , in sm ounries , public transportation is a nightmare becae it hs not ben maintained by the gvernmens roperly . This is e of t mi reasons which have led peole to e personal vehicles rthr than relying on plic transportation .
No only ople in cuntres whe there is oor pbli transportation , but so in the most developd countries , there is a grat tendency to u cars inste of depending on pubc trsportation .
Despite e fa that using cars is expensive , many peole till prefer to u thei on ehicle beaus it saves their valuable time .
Public transportation , on the other hd , taks a lot of tm to trvel fr one location to another .
Use of hig wer eficienc and inar high power amplifier ( HPAs ) re growing .
Pwr fficincy a inearty r impotant factors in mn applications such as elllar communication , wieless communication .
Hihr powr efficiency n linearity cause decreased oer cnsumtion , incresed lifeime ad reductin of inerference channels .
The Class - E power ampliir satisfies those gols with linearity techniques .
Class - E pwe amplifier PAs wrk as a switch ad can obtain , theoretically , 1% power efficncy . The Clas - E poer amplifie ( PA ) was intduced by Skal in 1975 .
These PAs wrk as a switch and can obtai 1% Dai Efficiency , in theoy .
wever , in practice there re som limitations , sh as sich on resistance nd various poe osss that preent achiving 10% rain Efficieny .
Sert agents have often been choe as t min chacters in strie n films , sh as the James nd ones , hih mnaed to be really succesful .
But ht xactly makes sp stores so ascinating ?
Ter could be a l of reasons , like th idea of livn in an adventurous w or doing ings in seet . But in rel lfe , what kn of person doe a secre age have to be ?
Fist of al , being a p reuires secil skills ; not everybody is suitabl r this kind of life .
For intane , the ability to bear bo physical and psychological stres is o smething yo c sily lan .
In th sm way , a scret agn has to be able to take iks he rquied .
Therefore , bravery is very imptant : nobody needs a fearful p .
A secret agent works undrcoer , so i most important qlity is possessing get sill at lying .
Besides , snce h work is secet , he ca n't let anybody , including mily and fiens , knw about it .
So , although th life of ecret agen may seem fascinaing and excitin , it is also dfficult a risky and not so simple as t oe shown in ilm .
