It 's difficult to answer the question " what are ou oig to do in t uture ? " if the onl n who has to know it is in two minds .
he I ws yungr , I ued to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salswoman and even a butcher . I do n't kno why .
I would like to tudy Pschology , becaue one a I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help eople .
It 's difficult bcaus I 'll hav to sdy had a a lot , t I think that if you like a ubjec , yu 'll tuy it more easily .
Mybe I 'll change my mid , maybe not .
I think tt pblc transport will always exist in the fuure .
Rich people wl buy a car , but poor popl alys nee to use a b or tai .
I consider it more convenient to drive a r , becas you crry ore things in your w car than he trelling by car .
Alo , you 'll me fiendy people who sually a you to be friend and exchange telephone numbr .
In my expeience , when I did n't ha a a I used to use th bus to go to schol n go bak to my hous .
In my opinion , a c is n't necessary when y have crashed in the street . At at moment , you realize the iporance of public trnsport .
In India , we have arius types of pulic trasport , like , bike , as , train & laes .
Dependig on the ditace nd time to he esred destination , te mode of transport is chosen accrdingly .
ut eneraly speaking , travelling by car is much more fun wn copaed wih other modes of transport .
Tis reminds me of a tp that I have ecently bee on and the pae I visited was Agra .
It tas around 6 hours by national highway to go rom Delhi to Agra .
We stoppd at hote to have fo and just in cae an of us felt hngry , we purchae some snacks js beoe te ip .
Since , we ave the option to stop anytime we nt to he we tave by a ( wich is impossble whn travelling by rain or plne ) .
In addition to that , we c also take a comfortable short a on e ck seat and wake up fresh .
For e aove - mentioned easons , I am going to conclude tat travelling by ar is uch more convenient .
My nme is Srah .
I am 17 years old .
I am ooking forward to joining ou in hs ar 's sume cap .
I love children , n I enjoy loing after them . lso , I organized many sports activitie bere at my schoo .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hop hat you iv my the chnce to join you .
Thanks
My favourte sport is voleyball because I lv playing with my rinds .
Volleyball is a srt tha is layed everywhere . When I am on h beah I like playing wt my iter in the sad an tn we go in the e .
It is gea un .
hn I was young I liked playing wi a ball in e playgrud and my friend an I laed using h socer gol as a vlleybll nt .
Dear Jo ,
ow are yu ? I 'm wrtig to gie you som adice on traveling and workin in my county .
On the ne hand , in my country tre e a o of laes to iit .
For example , Barcelona , Mdrd , Sevill , Valeni .
Tere r wonderul itie because tee re a lot of things to iit . For exaple , in Mdrid y can sit " urta del Sol " , " Las Cbels " .
I visit Madrid twc a year .
very summer I vsi evlla because I loe this city ad I suggest ta you isi Svilla .
On he other nd , in my country here ae few jobs because th economy is very bad .
Bu , if you wt , I wil lok fr a job for you .
My est friend if looing o a reponsibl person to look ate her siser .
er sister is 6 years od and o uld hv to lok fer r every weknd .
Woud you be inteested in tis jo ?
han u fo your e - ml . It w wndeful to ear ro you .
I 'm loking orwad to eing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , pulic transport still lay an important le in he transport ystem and it will keep on doing so in e future .
ecuse pblic ransprt is a more os - effective ad bette resource allocation in ms transot system .
Aso , pepl ned ot suffer e high operating cost of running their own car .
But n e a cheaper wa of ging to their destintion , especially if it is ar away from home .
r eampe , I think tt it is not affodable for an odinay pron to o a private airplane for travelling to anothr county .
Instead , it will be ommon to buy an ir tike n travel on a public plane .
In my opnin , puli transport is going to cntiue to be use in he future because her e a o of eople tht do n't ave enog moy to pay for a car , en if it is use , so public trnspor wi continue to hv a futu b eope are gong to us crs re than uses or the underground .
If we think about it , t cr is beter becase we do n't need to wat for it like we wait for the bus or underground , u on the oth an , cars cost more mony than public tranport .
In a r , we ca st be by ourselves , which can be oo ecause we can lsten to th uic at we li and we do n't need to be arund people th are nknown , but if we choos public transort , we can meet frids or faily , so both mods of tranport ar good , and cars do n't ne necsarily to bring an end to publc transport .
If I had to choos between both forms of ransortation , I think I ould probably choose te car bause it is beter for me to go by cr an to go by us .
In my communty , we re very iteested in the environment a ecologia things .
We have soar panels and a place to mke compost in the gardn , with orms ht e an degrade al the rgnic waste of the school .
At so strategic point in t buling , we hae spcial trashan to sepate te garge ino orgni , aer nd ardboar , cas and plastic bottes and tey also give alks and presentatos about th earth 's prlems , lie gobl warming , polluton , ec .
The manaer of this rojet is Mis June Sid , our science teacher .
ll hese iitiativs have me us all , ve the yas , a rcognsed ecological comuity .
Good mornig everyone . Today I wan to hare about my favrite sport .
My favrit srt is footll . Why do I hoos it ? Wll , football is an international sport . Peple aound he world love it so muc ! arlay remie eague , Lga remie , ia Word Cup and so on .
I believe that everything wil dight us .
By he a , my faorit football team is Manchester Unted . Thy are brillan . They have amzing football players , and they are awesome .
ichal a a little kid we he had a dre that ws : to be a super ho !
After may yrs , he still deat of becoming a sur heo .
He wet to university to study meicne because he thoght that ha pofesion was the ost siilar to being a super hero .
After soe years at university he e a gl called Kat and he fell in love wt her d she ell in lv with him .
Kate was attendi universiy to study fashion .
hen the wo sarted to ate .
Michael nd ae wee so happ , until oe d Michael to her aout s drem of being a supr hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it wa ridiclous and just a kid 's dream nd that Michael w nl draming nd that woul never happen and that uper heros did n't exist .
When she aid that , Mical srted to cy n gt ma , saig that sh as lying and did n't have a har .
He got so a that he asked her to get t of his apartment .
e olowing day , she ai sry a ty we hppy again .
t when the gt to Micel 's houe , hy ought agin n Michael t a knife and il hr .
He cried with a o of blod around .
Michael got away from there .
Mihae clsed te do and kne at that momn he h made a mistake .
Publi transportation is an imprtat invention in human istry . It bins a number of benits in ou life .
For instance , we tk e subway in order to avoid ing stuck in traffic .
It is ue that traelling by car is more convenient tn taking pubic transportation . oever , it wi cause more daag to our lfe and harm our environmet .
Therefre , we need to thin more about our future , our fspring .
Givng the a sae , cla n comfortable place to ive .
If ter is no public transportation , traffc jams ill be more serious th before .
In my ciy , Taipei , we ae lways stuck in trffi fo bout one our in the mrning .
I an o iagie how long I would ake to get to chool if there was no bus or R .
h car is convniet for humans , bt it rings damage for humans too .
For example , carbo dioxide , which is emitted by ars .
It causes global warmin , which tretens our environment d arm r aily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious d frequent weather - related dissters hapening in eent decades , such as typhoons , uricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
What oth precautions are usually taken ?
The NG Offce is nofied by the photograher wh the film as shippe .
If the film do n't arriv on ie , it immediately .
Lot shipments have been found more asily when ti process is tared igt away .
The pleasure of treling
Pole go , people ome .
Every da lots of pople are travelling abroad but , what 's h es w to do an international trip ?
The ms important otion for travel is , by ar , t lane .
But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be vr careful when it 's time to get off a pla .
If ou are looig for cmfor and relaxation , bviousy , you have to te a boat .
There e a wid variety of things to do and joy the tr .
However , h es option is to choose a train .
There is n't n oparison wth wtcing the changes in te landscap trough a wind , enjoying the route that yu are takng and , t best part , the ceapest way to get wy sm dy and ak te rutin f oe days .
Anyay , no matter how you go , no mtte wee you go .
he pleasure of ravlling is tavel itse .
Trnsportation is ne of e most important hings in life , so we hav many of inds of transportation . ow we travel by car , bu in the nea fuure ter wl be othe comfortable and easy was to travel , lke fst trains ad pans that can transpor you fo ort to outh in less hn an our . his ll mke businessmen happy and comfortable , because of svin a ot of time d effort , so we oe that the governmnt can achieve hi as soon as possible .
In modern socieies , tre ar lo of riends in o ail ives .
g projects oud n be finisd without cooperation .
Frinds can communicate and exchange ideas , felings ad unn things tt appn rund us .
More iportanty , parens give us life nd the tech us knowledg and sils or abilites to le in this world .
In this case , family members lay imortant rle in our daily lives .
T rasons r as follows .
Fis of l , we n learn lots of kills from prents based on their n experince .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a rendly y , ad we can also learn how to ak a meal from parents .
Scndly , famy membes ca give you om advice about hw to deal with the thin which caue you touble .
If difficulties are shae with family mmber , ideas wi co up to your fmily members and ty will communicate it you about h to solve this situation .
Al in all , in this cae , family members are h ot important frins in our lives .
Computing Tehnology has en advancing a great eal in recent yers , making the old ompters almost useless , tting better , and making the difference between old ad n coputers gow en more with every new inveton .
As we a see , old and n computr are vastly different , saring from he si of te computers . O cmputers were much igge than ew computers .
Old computer usd to occu one eire room , nw , they r only the sie of a x , een t size of a ook .
You a have a portable computer now , and tae it th ou to ever place you ist .
ld cmpters only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 olors ( gren n black ) , b now yo c do whatver you wn to do , like creating or paying vido games , witing or radig a bk , cnnect to th internet , atch or mae videos , invent new stuff to improve Comting Techology , n nt oy in 2 coors , t thousands of them .
One of t greatest achievements of new comutin is the intrnet , whe you can connect to othr comutrs , download stuff , tc . i Ethret cable or Wireless Cnnction ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekt m8
I went to the abandoned hos and strted to thnk of the et wy to make his if miserable . I spent the nxt 2 eks loing o eas to me m uffer .
As I i n't id anythg , I went to the plac where he lied d started to oo for some infmation about his life an find people w he cared about . So as I continued to go to his hse , I noiced he wld alway go to the same hous , s I decied to follw h to te house and I found t he as ting a gi . Sh might be his girlfriend , so I fnally t an idea . I oud die m cray us as he did me . That way he would tink he ad problems wih his mid and eve him . u so i thouh about it again d ealied that if I did hat she would try to help him a they will be more uited , so I decided to drive them both razy , almost to the rink of deth , just as he i wi me !
B wait a mnte , am I really suffiiently ngr to do is ?
Yes !
I screamd . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control er my aions . I was afid of what I had become and what I cld do , but I ould n cnrol myself and the only tng I cou think of ws him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I wou feel we I finally a my revenge . The best evene .
t I s so md at hi an so nxiou to mke hi life imposile , an soon my fe of deth and my anger for all of the suffering I hd been through became tronger and graer . I ha md a decision n I ws ong to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of h li to torturing me ad not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessay fo m to he a misrable li d I wo n't to until I have accomplished my al .
I do not are wit this idea cmpletey .
On the one ad , travel by car is really mu mre coveient , as it ves you h chance to be independet .
On h ther hand , huge trffic am ae a bg issue we traveling by ca .
My Favourite sort
I wa born to be a football pyer .
F me , football is everything in my lie .
Whe I watch football on television I dream of laying in a big ea n in a big championship like t arclys remer League , Ligue 1 or iga BBVA .
My aourite clb are Befia and Real adid , were Rnald plas . o me , he is th bes player in the rld . ha is why Roaldo won te Gl ba in 2014 .
I lay fotbal fo a ortuguese clu calle Vaenciano a we won a lo of games is season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football an wining the best chpionship , the Uefa Chapions Leau , and the best scrr of a time in Uefa Chmpions League is Cisiano Ronald , my favourite player .
I play football becas I like it but the oy eaon that I do it hrdly is because of my dad .
Hi rea is tha I become the ex captain of a ig am n win a o of money .
My na is ony .
I graduated frm Natoal Taiwan University of Science an Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children an playing wih children .
I lik childlike peope , so I like cildren .
I have experience of holdig basketball competitions he I was a stdnt .
I planned many ineresting activits for viws to make competitions come alve .
he enjoyed he game .
I also like to oo .
If my mom oks , I awys help her .
My pesonlity is cheerful , neretic and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I reall wt to get this job .
I wat to play with childn and se their smiles l d .
I think that a sie is the best ft in this world .
I am als a hard worker .
I hav passion for ts job .
If you think I am he right person yo want , pese send me a rply . ank you .
ublic transportation has bee sd by people more n over e yers it ha bee kind of becoming heaper and al safr , but some people prfr cars . To what xtent do we age wih this and ha r ur reasns for at ? hat is wat we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 ars ago , here wa nothing cald public transportation d peopl raly owned cars , so in those years ere were ot even good fcilties to move fo o place to anoter and tha is beaue her were no cmpanes to bul cas . ftr but 10 yeas , car trading bcame vable and lo became very supported by havng h own as . At he beginning , thy faced a ot of problems , but they were be to solve the in the end .
Nowadys al mods of trnspor r mre convenient , from cs to buses , eve trains a lans . Some people prfer ar beuse the do no ike crowded places or beause they fid it cheaper sometimes , ut from nother poi of vi , publ transportatio is vy cheap and even faster . u whe it coms to ravling , a lt of people prefer driving eir own cars to feel h el exerence and to eno themseves re by avodin croded laces .
To summarise , it is differen fr soe oeis opinion to another . I redict that ublc tranportation wl be iproed an people il use it oe d re , d tt in the nd , cars il disappear and will no lone be ued .
The topi itself explaining t uncertiny of public transport in our country .
Ts conclion becomes me prominent if we lo into he da of the cr copaies and the eponental growth in their sales figures and , with low udgt private car in the piture , the scenario as draticall chagd in h pas 10 years .
Devloment of e biodiesel indutry can ae a contibtion to productivity rowth .
A large scale of investment was brought to iofuel devlopment .
Menhile , it boste ecoomi growth and o opportunities , thereby enhancing Grss Domestic Product ( D ) .
If you lie in a bg wn or a smal one , it doe n't mtter , but on thing hat should be tan cre of by the people and organisers of the on , is t environment .
lobl warming is a huge ise thes days .
Governments shul take immense action to stp it or at last make it slow down .
However , we , h people , lay a reall imortnt pr in maki it worse .
Active d a od govenmet understand he value of aking re of res and waer and air and uh oe to provide a frsh , clen n safe environment for their people .
Reycling item ca be a good ste to sart wh for a clean n safe envinment , whih is perfectly n promptly taken ca of by my it .
eryone has to plant a tr in frnt of tei hom accorin to a rl of e provincia government .
Pole do not realize tt cutting down a tree can redue h prdction of oxygen in he atmosphere .
Eventually , humans wi have no more fresh a to breathe .
Additioally , or city gvernmnt has prohibited smkng in pblic areas n unde 18 yars old n provdes a free session of tlks or presentations to incree th awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , esh enviroment to the city .
In conclusion , I would sugst o neighbour cities ake part in cleaning the environment so one d it c be seen in the whol ontry .
Everyody as s avourie sport .
My favourite spor is fotbal .
At u school or village foobal stadium I spend a lt of time every day .
suall , I pa ootbal with my classmtes .
Before trinin , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs g por n my bod gets eney .
Our team has a hrd - working coch a he gives prfessioal adic to us aot how to ipove our football skills .
His main rds : " You ms work d work very har if ou want to ge ood rslts " .
I can say that this oah is an experienced perso .
Nt so ong o , we hd a competition .
We n first place .
We achieved this rsult because we r fiendly and organised .
I believe th in the future I ill be a famus fotbal player in teams sc as Skhatar or Dynmo .
Football is my life .
I nt to give advc to nyone o starts ts srt : " You must believe in yourelf " .
alo my friend ,
Wat 's up ?
ow re you ?
Hw was yr day oday ?
It 's really ice fr yr expressly e - mil esteday .
Yu egret hat you were n't there with me . I 'll ry to describe everythin recisely , becase I know tt y very
Dar Pau ,
I hae ee yo advertisement in the acadm newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a god idea to end it .
I was brn in e UK , so I coul be a vey good teache of English .
Although I came to pan n years later , so I oul speak wit hem in Spanish if it was necesary .
Also , I attended a blet cour r 4 years we I a young .
It was a long time o , bt , I still kee t rhth in my dy !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic taining oure to do with he oth ballet - cuse members . I had to be th teaher fr o day n I hav't forgote it becaus I felt wonderful .
ll members cogratulate me , as well .
On t otr and , I ok care of my brothers and cousins for many hurs when hey were very yun .
o shod know tat I 'm a vy resposible , kind and funny pers .
Tat ake me a go canidate to gt the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope ou consider my candidature , because wo n't disappoint y .
Bes whes , Juli .
In my oinion , public tansprt wo n't suffe fm a hotage of dand .
Because not eveyon n afford to uy their wn car .
Besides , here are los of o - inom people o ca n't buy their own a .
So I tik public transport 's future is bright .
Wha does " Family " mean ?
In my opiin , family is the place that hd ou bes frend can hep each othr a know ah .
In Taiwan , may peope ve to take are of hir parents we they get old , b te oint is , wha if you can n srvive ? I ea , ou do n't hve enough ney to oo fter ur parent .
Back to the topc . I do n't no any of the members of my famly ell . I do n't trust the , to be hoest .
I lik New Zeala because there are many lands .
By he ay , New Zealand a cool weater .
In Mlaysia , the eather is sligtly warmer han tere .
That 's hy I rcommnd all of you to go there and fel the pleasure and hav a try of the food .
You can also uy a lot of gifts , like ey chains , statue , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I hve not ee to Ne Zealand u , belive me , it is a very beautiful plce .
If I have the means , I will go hee and tke ll of you .
I ie in Lentini , a small city in Eat Sicl .
he local couil dos n't have a project for te eviroment .
Peope collec an knd of rbbish and throw it all together in lack scks .
Although the counil began to pla somthing , te peol are n't comitted to h problem .
Aond h city , you can fnd many paces where peol throw frids , ves , " amiano " , old things or urniure .
Wt a iy !
The suburbs of Lentini col be wondeful .
There are orae trees , a large le and Etna in he background .
When I s a hild , I had a lt frend and the were very imprtnt to me .
We always plaed in the rk or we tlked bout our tastes , music , ys , we laughe a lot of ...
Bu when I was a teenager , I ban to experience sitations that I d not like , f instance , girls sid bad things to me or he talkd unkindly about me .
In tos years , I went throug the worst moment of my life .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th irthay , only on shoolmte wantd to com to my party . I think tht that ay as one of e orst da of my life .
Ta ngt , I cied bcaue I elt hat I di n't have a friends .
However , my arents trid to mak it so that my party was the best and they repard a specal birthday for me and tey invited al my cousin and we togthe we went to at pizza and hy ga me a ot of presents .
At tha momnt , I thught that my best frends were my parents and sster .
I ke that they oud never talk unkindy aout me .
o , my husband is my best fend .
He is the most important prson in my life .
He s always een wit me .
Als , he is ry uny and I laugh a lot with him .
We bo like to trael arun t word ad to do oe spot , fr exapl , tnis , rning or trkkng .
We le watching TV series an ooking differnt desserts , o .
To s up , my es friends are my fmiy , especially , David , my husband .
he lives of eple aoud the obe is bcomig bsie an busier d by day .
A uy lie alway compels us to use te fstest d most convenient mde of trasprtation , which s made public transportation systms g beid mor cr .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
Th advertisment for a job has ee read by a suiale peon .
My name is María . I am om Spain .
I am interested in tis work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teache , so I like working it chldrn .
I am sure tt I wl look aftr the children very we .
I wuld ik to speak Eglsh perfectly , so I tik if I work in sumer cmps , I ll improve my level of Engish .
On th ter hand , I could teah Spanish to the childen in the summer cmps .
I am looking forwar to your anser .
Hi a
How r o ? A ou stll livig in Madrid ?
Yes , I stated my lessos last month d it 's vey interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the stuets e vry friendly .
But I need to tuy harder becaus I wt to pss th exam , and it 's ery difficult .
oweve , if I cary on stdying like now , I wl do it .
e lessons are vey funny .
Dear S or Madam ,
I have en yur advertiemnt in the newspaper nd I am interested in applying for .
I cn speak English and I am a ovey , enrgetic a rdworking person . In ddtion , I have a eference frm
my ast coany .
I ha en woing as a primar teaer in a schl an I am qualified .
In addtio , I have cokin skills ad I love to cook .
I hope yu are interestd in my application .
I am looking fowrd to hearing fo yo .
Sandra Barrintos
Technology has chged peop 's lives a lot . In fact , we a think o diferent our le is compared to eite o parent ' or our grandparents ' lie . o exampe , my parents i n't watch TV , because thre w n't y TV in t world whn tey wer yug . But th is n't th only difference : we ca think about t mobile hone , the couter and nally te internet . u grandarnts coud n't have iained a strange macin like he computer in their lives .
espite te fact ha personal vehicle lik h c re ow popular , in the fture , the existence of pulic transpor will stil be absolutey rucial .
Nowadays , people use fossi fuls as the most important sourc of energy for travelling nd manufacturing . This sorc of energy dos n't alwys reain at a cntant level , and somed it wll run o .
People must find ws to e other ergy ouces ike nuclear powe n wind pwr . blic transportation uch as the electi metro use hs kind of energy .
As a esult , governments will invest mo in resarching te use of ths e tpes of eerg , and tavelling using public transpot wi ecom ch cheaper an a using prvate ar .
The range of pblic services will be panded to remte areas , ad it will bece much more conenien .
Commuting ad travelling uing puic servces il be he fist priorty .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In th near fute , ost cities in the orld wil becme overrowded . Thi wll lead to many oer problems th il ed to be lved . For eample , raffc jams an r pollution .
In some ways , hes robles ae caused by th overuse of persoal vehicles .
People wil relise tat sing their own car is us wasing their time in trafic jams or gradually illng themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the be way for tem to trvl is pbli transport .
Eah person shoud pracice saving energy when using y source of nerg to potet i wn le .
In conclusion , investments in deveoping pblc trsport will be increased considerably . Pubc ranspor srvices have a brigt fture a their existence in t fure ca n't be replaced .
Hel Alex , hw are you ?
Are you fre at the eekend ? Hv you gt an las ?
Me and my frinds are oing to the nema , ad I am inviting yo to go with us .
If yo a interested , et me at 8 o ' clok near the nema entrance .
Tak o Helen for those wonderfu presents .
I lways wat to read this type of book .
I en to teple in te ornin follwd by unch at e hotel . Then later in h evening I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident th bcaue devloping countries a facing politcal and ecomic instability , migrants travel for bette education propecs a nd stable environment or te younger gneation to row up in .
The effect of brai drain are hat it creat a shortage of people qualified for pofessional jobs . Econic stability is affected as a rsul of a ck of people contributing to t eoomy .
The cause of bran - drain should be tackled at ternational d national evel on a broader dimensions and or raional ttern , becuse it is a global issue .
In this sitation , developing naons shold tke control of inflation ; focus on oosting the infrastructre and law enforcement to spport the public in a ositive wa .
There is n't enough oxygen at th top of Evers to breathe easily .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he cimbed Evest in My 20 .
ount Eerest is so high ha it is very dificul to climb .
e to wa eahed fr te rst ti by two cliers in 1953 .
My frind nd I ke TV programs , elecrnic mic , fshionabe clothes . I like evrything .
Sometimes we go to patyies in the city . I anc at h arties with my frend .
They litn to usic an we sin .
It 's vry gd .
Jason is my fend , he is druk an he also dnces it h girlfriend .
os is h st sngr . He sings d alk at the party .
Anther person is Ael . He does n't dance anywhere .
He prefer to study at home .
Hello Somethig ,
My ame is Stev and I 'm 14 years d . I ie in Gemany .
At the momen I go to a secondary odern shoo .
I 'm in grde 8 .
My life is difficut because I have to reale eerythin .
r example , hee is a girl in my class and s is beauful .
I love her look .
H eyes look like the u .
But she ignores me .
I hope I can fort her .
Rn fr your if
My avourit por is running .
I like to run fast , so fa in ac tha it feels as if I am runnng on air and my eet hardly och th goun between tries .
My favourite lae to run is in the frst , but I ike to un sporie too .
I like to feel the ground under my eet is soft , so sft , not h hard concrete of the ootpths in the streets of he city .
Te et advice I ca give to someone w is sating runin is to start sowly and nt to try to run to fast , but the to eentuall build up the runing week by we so tht ever wek you r rning a lttle futer and a little faer and then , after 20 year , you will be an lmpic chapon maybe .
In my pinio , teleision an be educatioal . Wheth you are watching th news or a show bout Wrld r Oe .
Of course , it 's imortnt to chose the igh television shows .
If you 're wtching Tom & Jery , it will hardly have any educatona value .
Athough n could argu that u an aways lean omething .
A friend of ine recety explaed that if a zombie apocalypse shul happen , he would be prepared because he has been wathig Waling De o some time now - so in hs eye , he learned o ( not ) to at in hat cs .
Today I want to wit about my job .
I 'm a fornic iologist and I deply ove my job .
It is a j with a lot of interesting aspets .
It is yamic , stmlating ad , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel stisfed .
In he last few year , forensic biology a deloped ay spects like better senitivity , robustness of results a less time required r analyzin a sampe , bt hat suck me mos is how ft this change has happned .
Television seems to be a controversial ol .
Here there is one : does televison ffer highl likely opportunities r the adince in an educational way ?
From my experience , I bliee television h bh entertaiment and educational funcions .
It notes how mny educational programmes broaden ung children 's horizons in he past w ars , how qickly an ault learns differen basic fm a great number of educational progamms , sch as cookin , science n tehnolgy .
It also nots educational programms mke a decion on wha citizens shoud know in the utue and what knowledge our nxt generatons ae rquired to poess .
Apart fro educational cntent , there is so mu d content , bsiness aderisements nd ak information on TV tha citzes wo n't be able to ell right frm wron .
oweve , I believe e eucaional programmes on TV sti play a vtal roe in educatng both aduls and yog children .
I think he be restaurant we can go to is " Te Sior 's Restaurant " .
Tee we a at tyical Italian food .
T as me I was hre I ate t st pizza that I ave ever aten in my life .
Th atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fc , h walls are decorated ih a lot of shells n the waiters are dresed like sailors : I think ht it 's a great ea !
so , it 's erfct o or class because thre is a l of space , so we can it al tgether at he se tabl .
The ownr is a vry kind ersn ad I 'm ue he will give us a go pric .
No futur fo public transport ?
Pblic trnsport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it a a utue .
Curently , ot peoe ar used to usin teir on car to get to wrk or to go shopping , ue to it being more comfortable .
But cars pllute the ir wih CO2 emissions evey day n contiute to clite change .
So , if pple were aware of this subject , ty woul n't use teir on car so much .
In adition , hang a cr is vey expensive .
First of all , yu need to be abl to afor to uy it . Aft at , you mut y f the inurane , roa ax , and mechanic 's ils , and so on .
On th ther hand , wih puic trnsport , o only have to p for the ticket , o do n't have to drive , nd if the u or train or hateer vehile you ue beaks down , it is n't your resposibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than rs .
In conclusion , I think pulc transport s a ture , and t more people se it , the more future it will have .
I 'm yur employee , I rk f your company .
Very pleased to be able to receve ou alay pament .
B t py is a little low .
I completed many tasks , inludin tutoring hee students , completing summer homwor , correcting homework , diliently assting the instructor , heled the instructor oganiz hanouts , insead of the instructor to answ questions raised by t students , t also cleaning the classrom , very har ok , but I hve othig to complain but .
I work ard fo two mots , pay a lt .
It 's just tat your wage paid is much lower han I expected . I wat a ltte highe aes , pymet of 300 yan more han the exstig wae basis .
I invite you to consier te proposal .
I think hat he governmet shoud hl t ulic tranort , f example buses , tins , te metro and more , for a inge rason : he quality of if againt the pollution .
Travelling by cr is moe convenient in a o of situations , but it could be annoying to search for pakng sces nd because of the cos of fuel , n lso mantenance costs .
In big cities , publi rasport works well because thr 's good feedback from peol .
Conversely , in mll towns , it ca n't be ood in the same way , because , for the rnsport companies , it 's not covnient to invet money in tansport , becue fwe people would us it .
Tom Swyr was a bo at lived with i at Polly d she had to punish m , because somtims o did n't go to shoo .
On Monday , Tom a walking to scool ad he saw his friend Huck and hey taled a t d Tm exchanged a tic for s tooh .
Then he s a beautful girl nam Becky , so o talked to r at scho an the nt into a sret arde a T kissed Beck .
m sad to e about nother girl , so sh got ad and se igord Tm .
om as so d because Becky did n't to alk to him , so om en on a tip with Huck and disappeared o weeks .
Whe T w h ous , he sneaked into s house and a hs at Poll crig or hi .
So the xt day , the people of the tow went to church to attend the funer of o , ecause mn pepe tought that T was dad . Bu suddenly o opend e or and wen in , so everybody was so surprised to se Tm .
Th next dy , ck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there s an abandoned house up t ill , so the two bos considered lie an adventure .
So they went to he mysterious hos and when they ere inside hey hard vics , so Tm d ck hid and tey saw that Injuin Joe was he e that wa talkig .
The two boys heard that he a planning to steal so money and kl people , so te boy started thir aventur with soppig Injuin Jo ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank yo for your esage .
I wil do my best to aser your questions .
As for your qustios , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " d " izaaa " .
That is bease o ll imrove ou Japanese thee .
ecenty , many sot eat Aias av studie Japanese in Japa while working in them .
By mroving their Japane ills in Japan , the ve he opportunity to t a job .
Michael clsed th door and knew at that moment he h ade a mstke .
He was at Sarah 's ous whe suddenly he lft th bathroom diry n wet to h house .
So he went back to Srah 's house n clend the wol bathroom , but Sarah leady knew tha he had left th bathroom like that , so befre Michael enteed e bathroom e sad : " I know wat you left there " d Michael went running to h bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is loated in the centre of t city in Bangaore , Inia .
My scho has a uique reputation f its friendliness n he quality of education .
I ike my maths eache very much beaus er teaching styl is ve realistic and simple to understand .
God orning :
Tis is an esay about my fvurite sport . It as een swimming since I was a chil , because I aways njoy it a lt d , wat is or , I can do it alone . I nev miss a chance to go the to swimming ool and ess in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most ike football or similar team sports , so I always go lon . It is n't boring for me . Frtherore , I pref goig alone because nobody other me n I do n't hv to ai for nbody .
I said that becau he I wa eeven my best friend had an opeation on her ack d , beore the operation , he came with me and , every y , I d to wait for hr bcause sh spen a o of time in the shower leaing h ng hi . I hated tha !
Luckily , te operation was in and she stopped coing wi me , n since that ay , I go on my own .
Swimming is rlaxing execie for me ad normally the are n't many people in e pool . But sometimes thre are hidren and I do n't ike that so much because they lik disturbing me . But soetimes it is ausing , oo .
I woul rcommendd people who do not know to how wm to lan , because I am pretty sure tha they ill ik it and lter ty can stop swiming .
I think th dane is a mens of self - expreson .
It 's t js a hobby ; it 's more thn that .
Dance is a pasion , a y of lif .
When I 'm dcing I forgt l my problems , except my stupid cmpanins ha do n't understand anything .
Bt ts is another theme for speaing .
Wn you dace , sing , or at , you are shoig someing to the public , something that 's important to yo .
If dnce is your passon , yo pratise every y , nd you 'll kee practisig all day unt you cn .
If ou e red , it des n't matter , becaus you like wha ou 're don .
Yu 'll wke up ealy to go dancing , or tk dance clases .
You do n't mind if o go to leep lat , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a jo . You must sleep .
If u love dae , you 'll undertand me .
Members of my family .
I lo my faily , especially my little siser . She is sixteen years o . I consider r my best frend because I uualy tell her veryting aout my life .
I hve a do nd i am 's Chente . It is a lden rtriever .
It 's a lovely dog . He kos w I feel .
My oldest siser , hose ame is Citha , is realy wrd towards me .
Or relationship is not goo because she is so different to me .
Aso , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty yeas l , hi esonality is dnmic an funny .
My om and my a are good peop .
Acully , I pefer spending my ime ane . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
Dar m .
Kat Ahby ,
Hw are you ? I ope yo ar well .
To wr in our cafe yu he to speak Englis , of cors , mabe ko h to cook some types of swet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookis or brownies , h mot ppula food of this ear .
Another thin that o mut know is how to ea with people . We are earchin fo someone who can impess everyne , lso someone who can ve the customr goo attention d serice .
We ed someon prpare to or long hours , becaus our cafe is ging to op evey ay .
Th 's ll , e u son
kies ,
e
We think tat in the fure the paet will be in a bad condition an e trees wil disapear . Ater that , we will have was .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . lso , we will be eating ft od . On the thr hand , the Nrh Poe wl have meltd competey .
The temperature wil hv become crazy bcuse of gobl warming , so oe eople wl de because atual disasters will be or aggrsive .
Tecnology will have advanced and maybe cars wil fly abov reets and computers will have totally changed .
Becase of hi , we ae to raise awareess of what is hppening ad elp e laet .
Frindshi is something very important in my fe .
I ca n't imagine my lif without frends .
How to make riens ad meet new peope ?
It is easier than yo hik .
Js ... start talking !
Communication is the ost imortant point when you 're goin to make friends .
ou hv to rember , hat rinds are not supposed to agree on evy single hig .
They jst have to lmly talk about it .
If your friendship is rea , you will alwas find a pin between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
Helo ,
My ame is Fouad an I wou lke to tlk about my favorite sport , olleyball , one of e most betiful sports ever a I hav en plaing this sprt 3 times a wee snce 1980 . T reasons for my enjoyent of this spor ar as ollows :
1- it makes me t and healh
2- it 's a lssy game wih no friction betwe players
3- it exercses ll h mucles of you bo
Regardng e above , I advi l rokie to stat playing this pot and he wl g many benefits .
Howver , aduls can prctise it as well an he wl gt h sam .
As ciizns of his village , we rely cre but e environmen of or village .
vey Sunday , we do a mutual operation whee anyone n eat rubbi as well as they treat hemseves .
We cean the dirty ditces , swep rubbish up , then we bry rubbish .
Meanwhile , we recyle inorani ubish o .
om inorganic rubbish , we ca make a bag , a ht and ther stuff .
Then we ca sell th and get incm fro it .
T crator of haen and the eth , the cretor of sous , te one who makes ear rotate around itself an aound te sun .
What we believe , as Muslis , is that we wre crated by n who doe n't hve any othe wh hm ; the one ho created our ater ( Adm ) and created from m ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and nstructe nt to eat from te tree , but atan decived th , so te cae to this life n generations came om them n sent the prphet ad messengers ( Moss , Jes , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the sme one ) wt Miracles and evidece of the truth , to gui the eope to know who will follow he trut wich will guide tem to Paradise d who follow other pat , which wil ide tem to hel . So , because of ta we ar here to do the test in ti short lie .
Transpotation is the heat of any ct , wheter it is pubc or prvte .
Nowaays people refer ther o ehicles rthr than
publi transportation . Day by day folk a more czy about their own vehicls which leads to a dark future fo pulic tranportation .
First , I agree with te ive statemnt at there il be a ough time for publc transportation in te near future , beuse eole want rivacy as wel as freedom , whch is quite impossible on public transportation .
Scondl , this mode of transportation covers
as mh as possible of the city or town whch mismanae routine o peoe who trael by public transportaion . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by puli transporttio . Finally , I can s that there are various mod of transportation aailabe
to compte it pulc transportation .
Nowadays , people have nueros opions for travelling , like many private companies
which ply an important role in giing tough competiti to the overnment . As a result of this , the consumer ges more benefits , lik lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe trveling . In addiion , any auoobile compnies lanch new rs at affordable prices , hih encourages people to use mo and re privt vehicles .
I go for a walk to a ark every day ith my to ovly Corgi gs .
I eet many pope in the park .
I neve thght about it before . eope have so many pts .
At peak tie , th park is very by evn tough e ark is huge !
Some people are ey friendly , the same is te of their dos .
B some people a very rue nd teir do are aggressive to othr dogs .
Family is the most imorant institutio in ocity .
Evry ember has hi own role and h boss , the fher or the mother , hs to guide his team to undersan the right behavour or atttude to hae in life .
Usually there are gneratinal prbles ; ons do n't understand prnts and ve versa , but by talkig and listening to emotions an facts , everyone cn have another pon of view .
Prens mst iv ules to ss to underline imits to socal behaviour , but also must lsten to oter points of vew to rearrang d update their knowledge .
A mother or a fther can be a friend if the is communication nd trust , if meone akes his contribtio to fmly dutes .
Recetl I saw the thriller of Mokigjay part 2 .
If you want to e ht moi , y ned to atc the first 3 mvis efore to understand it .
The ist movies er amazing ! !
A lot of acto , drama nd romance .
Th ans of this ries hd been waiig f this movie since the firs movie appeared . Tt was in 212 .
I do n't think that tis move is f all h famiy , becae it is hd o little kids to understand . In my opini it is more of a teen movi .
I hik people wi lke ti movi ecause it 's very imiar to t try of the book . This is oe of te irs movies hat is relly bsd on t book . The tee is very niue nd original . Also , the ctor in the first mois were perfct , an I thik ha in the as vie , ey will make double e effo .
Hope you guys choose this moe ! !
It will be vy cool to see e last pr of Mingjay !
My favourit prt is Karate .
Fis of all , I ejoy it because wn I pactise I feel I can hold on for hou .
Whn I 've hd a very ad and strsful y , I n relax doin krat , beause it 's he kn of prt that is n't ve har .
raining in Karate is a y to forget or problems , to forget your tiig routine .
In my opinion , it 's vy dificult to find hi advantag wth other srts .
Apt fom ha , Karate is no just a sport , it is lso a iscipine . It teaches you respect , baance , eve culture .
My teacher shows us w we shuld behave wit othrs ad he eaches us a lo of things about Japane clure .
For someoe w is starting Kate , it is eas to follow h cla , so my advice is just o to get rvous and to be concntated on ha he or he is oing .
Technology is something that is very important , smehing without whih we n ot lie .
Toy 's opic is Technolgy .
Nowadays , we use technolgy for everything , frm educatin to making clothe . We se tehology every ay a eerywhere .
Technology is always being upgade n it is very helpful , useful an imprtant for dvelopmet , b today 's generation is influenced by technology to uch an eent th they have spped doin other ativities .
Last year , my fried Mihae was at school when he hear abu a short story competition . He liked he idea , so he ecded to eer the competition .
u thre ws a e in order to enter the competition . He had no mony . Frtunatly , he a a lot of friends hat can lend i some .
He phoned me and askd me to end him some money to reister o th competition .
He took the money the net day , he fnished th registration ad started writng the story . After spending a ong time witin and doing a good job , he wen to give hs story to te international student magazine offie . He found out tere was a notice on e door saying that t compeition was caceled . He came ba very sad and told me what had hapene . ihael lose h door and new at that moment he hd mad a mistake .
Travelling by cr is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comortable , bu aually we do n't tink about h pollution of o panet .
Travelling by bus is er stressful beaue the ople ush me or I ca n't sit down bcause the ae n't n sas for me .
On th oher ha , in the future , maybe we wl have a u hich has seats for eerybody a I wo n't have to sad up .
Another type of pulic transport is t taxi . Lk te car , it is oe comfrable t , but it is mor expensive tn a bus or train .
h E or aeroplane is a good option for lng trips .
In conclusion , in e ture we shold have more comfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 May
Dea Mr Dimara ,
I am writing out a problem in my ci .
I ie in Patras , a ig city in Greee .
In my cy , al the scools and some walls of buildings are coveed in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Patras has increased a ot .
Unfortunately , whn we tell sombod not to draw on the walls , they do not er us .
It is er ba or our city beaue wen some new pole visit Pras thy see these hings .
Ptra is a very beautiul cty ot becaus of s culture , and bcause of s onments .
Why to see ta abas tng ?
Sne we hae tis beautful ty , we hae to maintain it .
In my opnion , the olice should stop te andalim .
If there wee plice all around the ty , nobody would dare to do graiti or to wrte something or to raw .
I hop you will do something about that prolm .
ors sincerely ,
Jesyk stavros .
All arod the wold pupils are waiting to inih shool .
Tey e eager to begin a new ife as adults .
But when they ach the in - between period , confused feelings cross hei minds .
As a rule , after he ina exa , tey do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in futue they see as in a fg .
In vw of this , the ia of a year f betwen eavng shool and starting furthe eduaion is very reasnabe .
Firsly , it 'll allow yun people to av a rest ter he frs ad - work studying period .
n or even yar at school mes hem tired , although pupils do n't ntice it .
But choosin fuher educaon is a ve important st , which needs a serious attitude .
Secondly , sh a year off would gv future stunts a chance to try themselves ou in new professional spheres .
Al , hey woul have an opportunty to be involved in volnteer wor .
And thirdly , they migh wr to er the own mney or travel .
Thi yer - ong oliday uld be rely heful for relaxation and gettng new energy or frthr education .
e ea is not a lon tie .
ut the benefits after a year ff wil be obvious .
I live in Sn Miguel Aloloan . Ti is a village in the unicipalit of Almoloya de Juarez in the Sta of Mexi . Cain fo the environment is vry important and in my vlage they ke different actin to care o it .
People collet household trash ad awai the trash truck that carrs the trash to a landfill located outid the villae .
Also , ople go u to clect e trash tat there is on he kiosk , t church or in te prncipal paces in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am inteested in mproing my Engis , so I am writg to reest urthr information bout t English corse .
Firly , I wud lik to nw how lon he curs lasts , and if possible , the exact da , because I nd to ook my flights .
Secondly , I do n't le in Cork , so it would be grat if o could sn me detail of accommodation that you ofer on this crse .
Ad also , can you give me an idea of how much it would ost fr all t different opins ?
It ould be useul if I could ive with other student , because that is a good a to lern a langua as wel .
Finally , le me kn if I ed to ae any plcment es befor statig .
I lo forward to hearing fm you .
Yours faitfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his wach an knew that he had to do something immediaey after isteing to he onverations of s new neighbours .
They wee plnning to stl a very recious hng fro a museum tonigh .
He i n't have much time to prv thi pla a he could not wait to me it happen .
It is hs town nd it is s uy t to sa the tn 's istoy .
He clled th plice n inored em abut hi neighbours ' rbery plan .
Th plice reahed the museum and caug the robrs red - handd .
I belive that thre is no fure for plic transport , usng trains is more convenient d less expensive , so to drease the caron gse which r affecting th ozo layer , peope should be aware of h efct of sing public transportation on the economy and environment . Govrments shold encourage people to ue thr modes of transpo . is subjec should be issuesd in l edi to tach ad encorage peole to use t riht mde of trnspot .
Hello Esela !
How ar you ? I hope you are wl .
I 'm writing becuse I wan to el you about my lat smme holiday .
I ent to Las Hues .
I styed about e week in the hoe of my boyfriend .
I wnt to a wedding .
Whil I was there , I did a lt of things .
e day , I visid Meandro del meler .
It was beauifu .
And tere ws a wonderful view .
Another da , I alked a o and at the end of the wak , we found a waterfall .
Th nae of e waterfall as Chorrituelo .
It ws spctaculr .
I had a grat time at the wedding d I sept very lt .
e wedding w in the morning , and in h afternoon we at in a restaurant wt oher peope .
Howve , in the night , we ha dner in a garae and there s a party l night .
o shoud visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .
And there are a lot of things to see and do .
d the people r very nic .
English is an interntinal lnuage which hs beome iortant o the modrn wod .
In Cha , English is tok to be a foreign language wch many students cose to lean .
They begin to study English at an ealy e .
hey spend at least one hour learnig Engish every y .
Evn kids in kindergarten ave begun lrning impl words .
Tht 's a god phenomeon , beause Egish is essential nowadays .
In addition to is , om people think English is superr to Chinese .
In my opinon , toug Engish h rat significance , English is , after l , a foegn language .
It is hard for eple to see ee to eye .
English oe help us ead English orginal wor , bt Chinese helps us earn about he true China .
Only by caracers Chinse cn litertur sn o it rillianc .
To learn abou a country 's cuture , especially i classical culture , th first thn is to learn s lagage .
ecause if we r Chinese , why do we gve up u other tonu an learn about our ow culture throgh a foreign lanuae ?
Lat onth I a at a fantastic restaurant , olypools .
It is small u comfortable d amous for ts g burguers .
Woolypoos is a specialist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restauan culd be better , with respec to mea , bu it is perfet or having dinner ith ou friends .
I expected it to be more famous , betr and bigger .
The roble with th restaurant is the lcation . It is a rom peple and cies , and te space , which is very mal for ot of people .
In tis ife we have may things hat make us happy ad mae our lis go on .
For example , a present or a ift , especially if it is fm yor best friend .
Once , I got ik an tayd in a geeal hspital , d my frid gae me a flower .
It ws my favorite flower . I stl have it .
In my on we hae crted a sll organization o a more halty environment , beauty touh and to be attractive . h cizens of t tw must participate in tis . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the twn and put e rubbsh in the correct plae and clean ree and plnt more of tem .
I agee ih t oinion that famus pope , uch as politicians and film strs , deeve to have a prite life without ournalists following them all the ie .
It is horible to hav a perso behind you l t tm ; you can not have a fe , no ece , ot a happ .
In In additin , all peopl have the right to privac an to be re .
Nevertheless , e journalists a all t time taking photos , all th tie , when ty re eating , drinking , hapy , ad , how is their oe life and who they spe im it , if stay wit omethig importat or wha they buy .
hs is terrible . Yo do o have pivac , an society should tke some of the blame , because if th do no tae a photo or follow t lives of th faous , peope wll be bored .
So politicians and film stars wil have to pu up ith it , because en hey will hae to bear it , because thy ten ave a reward in what hey earn .
That is all .
od moing .
How are you ?
Come here .
G down .
Go into h rom .
e onto t bus .
Let us walk .
t us play cds .
Let us lee .
et me in .
Let me go .
Let me e or photos .
Le me se our house .
L me nter ou cabin .
Fogive me .
rin that toy .
Brn a gls of water .
Drink water .
Eat od .
Run ast .
Stop shouting . Do n't hout .
e us ath .
nc upon a tme , there was a little ant called Penny . He was relly small copare wth the others .
He hated bin like that ecuse mst of he ants md fun of him , until on dy something horrible d ineviable happened .
It was a dark night d it was raining whn a bg volcanic ruption burd them undergound .
l of the tried to fin a way out , but no n could find one ... They started to get aniky !
People jt started to evacue rapidly until it starte a big earthquak ...
enny was so sad . The only thing that he culd do s to wi a keep calm .
By dawn all of th had o out , so ty sacrd until they found a refuge .
Everyone wntd to se the ueen , u no one found hr .
As the were very eligious nt , tey prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help te with the roblem .
Something that thy did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planne ...
he actors had monitors ha wached the nt all the time .
n day , Penny discovered it ad wnt to tel it to hi quee . Te que , on heari that , got very onfusd but at e same time she got m a she wanted revnge .
So they made a plan to displ all ...
h nt day , when they ere bout to start filming , hre were no nts there , so they sarced fr th , but they cul n't find them ...
At that moent , h ants d Pey attacked th from bhind , aking them lav the place .
Te ants won the war ad tey expand thr hbitat to th stuio .
No one attacked he again an they lived happy eve afte !
I have man favorite srts .
I 'm ee on playing baketball the most . I aays spend mor time on laing it .
I usually play baketall every day for aoud at least thry minutes e day .
Aftr a hard day at university , I go home and the I go to the stadium to pla it .
I ake sure that I have already fiihed all of my wk beor I play my favorite spor .
Basktball as many benefits , not ust for me ut also for everyone .
It makes me fee raxed and unwind .
Besides , it als helps me keep fit ad he a goo bo shae .
I am really ca
zy aou playin it .
When I have spar time , I ftn gather together my friends to atc basketball matches on teevision .
I oten ply asktball at t taium in t morni .
Sometime , I play it near a ports centre .
I go back home and have a deep slee when I have finishd .
basktbal is an tdoor ctvity .
That 's the raon why basketball is my favorite ort .
Wh th sweeing progress of evelopment an e boming of populations , a lo of agricultural land , forest n oean has be used or desroyd to build more buldins n transport networks .
From my own perspecie , I believe tht it will brig an drbacks to the nvironment or even to uman an animals .
To start wh , ter re a de range of proble it may lead to .
Convincing arguments support h fact tt the roo ause is ht almost all the present - dy cities r already packed with plces of esdence , commercial premises and recreation faiities and the lan vailble for new osing developments is increasingly scrce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy or aicultural lan and frest in order to satisfy all thir nees , whi will dstoy he ecosystem , divesit nd bodiversity , especially the endangrd pecies .
In lgh of the problems metioned above , there are various proaches that governents should adopt to deal wt this problem . Fis of al , reducing building constuction from now on , and planting re trees instead .
ustainabl development sould be awaness to al human beings an start to protect the envionmnt and preserve the animals .
To sum up , ths unpleasant phenomenon and ts probles should be worked on to resolve em befe thigs e worse , a the governments have to tk th responsibility for tht .
Nowadays , languages re very mporant , English in rticular .
hs is not th fst time that I have studied English .
I have bn studying English since I wa a child d I nevr spoken a learnt so wel as I av sine I decided to go to ondon ne corse to ean ths langua .
I took that decision beaue I wa tired of trying to lern Engih an I id not hae the lee that I wanted , so wn I heard about ha oporunity , I sd yes .
e car is n't te st y orard for ranspot , ecuse it producs a lot of polutin , u public tranprt is ettr or a journey .
It can arry man people withu problems .
Nowadays in developed citis there e any possibilities o pulc transpr , lik bus , tra , ubway , tra etc . hes optins re more economial han the a . he problm with t a is that , norally , e car is ocupid by one peson , hn the car is dsined to carry four or five people .
hi situaton creates a lo of pollton fo th enironment , so we hve to be ore concened about the planet 's healh .
I want to y something aout learning the Engish language . It is hard or me r h following reaso :
First rason : the gramar that teacers or intiutes ech is like the Sanis languae , my native language .
I wn to say tht it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the vrb in Spanish , so just imgine t same but nt in you native language .
Second reason : in Englih synx , the ruls fr constructing paragrphs or sentences , the vb is written before the suject , b t always . What is e rue ?
Is thre e ?
he third reason :
I ve to pa riket .
I am enthusitic aout th game .
My favourit tem is India because I am ro hs country .
In India , 85 percent of peple follow cricket .
In 1993 , t Inian criet team won it first wold cp and tt chnged the diection of air in fvur of cicket and everone started to folow ths game .
I love hs game because my favrite sportsan ays his gme .
His name is Mr. Sachn Ramesh Tendulakar , aso know as little master .
Whenever I play hi gae , I always copy hi eson .
H sane , styl , shots , running beteen h wickets , everythng which is mt rquired in this ame is up to h rk .
Not ly me bt alo ery Indi alwas folos Sachin for cricket .
Wn he was 18 , he payd his fst gam r India .
He was the irst player who laye a 20 test in criket .
He has many achievements , like e irs 200 in one day , etc .
I love the way he plys .
F a ncomer , the frst thng you hav to decide , is wat tey can do beter , batig or bowling .
If yo wan to beco a bowle , then concenrate on uning , acion , stane d , batme nee concentration on leg d bt coordinatn , eye and t coordiation . Discover sme shots whic have ecome key factors in batting .
Also , watc vidos of some e of best playes , like Sachin , Rahul , r on bradman , Hayden , Wsi Aaam , Brett Lee , t .
As heal is an important factor in every spor , you alo ned to iprov you halth d stamn .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to ha yo are gig to visi my country .
I am looking foward to ths .
I n giv you an advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope yu wil ve an impressive te .
h wether is neither hot no cold all year . You need n't brig o ay clothes becuse yu can u he here .
If y want to tavl around ti iy , I c be yo gude as I he a year free bore uiversity too .
This is a morn city .
Peope usually come here f shopng or eatn .
Ther are man very popular lcl foods .
Yo ma le tis .
I also wat to introduce my frien to you . We cn ha fun together .
Wen o have playd enough in his ci , nd yu an to fnd a j here ,
I c ecommed you to my uncl 's company to gt a ob .
Because it is difcult to get a job here if o are foreign and haven't finsed college .
It ay ak a ve long me to fnd a job and yu have not much time hee .
o should consider my avce .
My favorit sprt is swiming .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Al I thin swimming ca ke or oy fit and it ca make peopl ho wi fee coo wen it is a ht ay .
The advce that I would ge to soeone ho wats to sat simmin .
It is not to be frai of war , oherwise thy migh not learn to swim , a also , when ou become older it wil be more difficult to learn ta whn you ar yung .
So this is the avice tha I ive to them .
Dear camp director ,
My ae is Edr an I am 21 years old . I ead or advertisement in te newspaper !
d I am reall sr that I am he person that u ar looking f .
I am monitor in my free time , a I am lokig for a teporary job to iprov my Engih .
I do n't have problems with woking in a kitche , wih wll be clear if I ell y ta my parents have a bar .
In ve of my a , evening activties ae n a poble r me , and I av played ay pots during my life , uch as soer , volleyball , ...
I ok forward to your answer , Eder
The ty hee I live is a small village .
Al residents take grat care of e environment .
Organid haes , where everoe clas up the villae .
All reidents segregate garage thrown into uitble containers .
Ts helping to protect o environment to make it clea , af , a in order to not jeopardize ur various diseses .
In my villag hre are tas cns , so tt no one thows rubbish on the rond .
There are pejalne places where you can organze bonfires , b eveyone has to clean up after themselves and hro ut al garbage .
We have h ability to se renwable energy sources , eause it is close to a in pwer plant .
Recently , als , on the roof of the priay school solar panels we installed an the who chool uss solar negy instead of electricity .
hy organize mnthly meetings on h nviroment , residns participate in them .
Wszysycy , reidnts of my viage , ey tr to , so that or villge is cean and pollue te environment as little as possible .
Travelling in our own a is wy me comfortable than tang a ride on pubi transportation . There are several reason to consider .
Frstly , t bus is always stppig to pk up a pssener so , it ake oe time an expcted to travel .
ecndly , the public vehicle routes ae mre far tn usual oute .
Thirdly , it is also croded and there is no privcy .
Finaly , there is a is of becomig a victim of thet nd ickpockting .
However , ublic trasportation is much cheaper than buing a e cr a , for the adventrer who wants to ave an exciting journey r then to se more action .
Like lookin outside or sightseeing , minglig and meeting diferen people .
In addition to this , I als amire the bullet train in Jpn wic I considr e fastest n sfest pbli ehile I 've experienced .
To sum up , I still consider avig your own car wa more ae a convenient .
Public future unle they av plans to at leat essen the joure time and prioritize the safety of thir passgers .
As far as I 'm cncernd , I tend to disare with mieral extraction .
More deails and reason wil be elaborated in te olowing paragrphs to support my opinion .
To bein with , extracting th mineal wl be harmfl to ur environment .
There are breattking sighs on e utskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went hre to spend my sumer evy year .
However , it il poably disappear if the developng equipment we being e .
Next , the extction of the valuable mineral will definitely ld to air poltion .
The has ben an examp at th othe town is polluted by h process of developing the mineal .
No one an deny tht the polluto problem is e of h most impotant things which shld be preented .
Lat bt no est , mineal extraction will turn ut to ave a profound effect , esecially , on ou offprin .
To ae my friend , Taylor , as an eample , her homeland was over - evelopd nd became an ri plae when she was a hil .
ter she gew up , h dcide to leav d never go ck to r homtown .
In adition , she has no hap memorie of er childhod .
n poblem is th som eopl will cnsider t j oppotunties that it might bring us .
Due to mineral extraction , mny peope in our hometown il pobbly ern much more oney han before .
It eems ie a soug - after chace .
Nevertheless , hy do not give us any poise of vacancies .
In addition , money is not more crucial we it ces to healt an environmental consvation .
In a ntshell , based on te reaons and xamples abo , te disadvantages of extracting valble minerals outweigh the avantges .
Therefre , I do nt subscribe to this deision .
Limiting cars on the ros oud cause the dsappearance of o .
The fosil fuels used by vehicles cuse global warming .
loal warming is a serious isse ; higher temperatues mae the ic ps me .
The longer we ur our had in the sand , th rmer h Erth will be .
I am learning English to mprove th geeral uality of my sentences !
I do n't agree ih it , especially whie cas are not flying .
ven if it happens , the re many peopl h ca n't get a car , because it is t expensive , n only to uy , ut fo fue , servic an so orh .
Buses are sipler - yo ut by a ticket .
And wt bout tins ?
I sw a TV programme about trains in Jaan - that is he uure of public transport .
I want to s be sy d nt sreas of crs like in the flm " The ifh Element " .
Brandon Mckie
Parliament ous
Cabera ACT 2509
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executiv Ofice
Carlos Alberto Mrrer Zaraga
Dear arls
our order o 6 i cnditionin units is incmplete . We apoloze for he inconvenience .
We are awre of this istke . We hd a confusion of te nmer of air conitioning units bfor the telephone conversation wit yr secetay to cnfirm your purchae .
Beause your orer was confimd to late an ha te order s n't in adance , we coud only sed 5 pieces .
Since th units were sold in the invntory but your prhase idicates tht 6 pieces wer confirmed , do n worry about it , we il snd you the remaining unit as son as possible .
We hope o kep choosing us .
Yor sincerely .
randon Mackie
My nae is Ce .
I'm 25 year l d I come ro Malysia . I 'm an energetic , cherul , hardwrkin and considerate person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all he tie when my prents ae busy wit tir jos .
At cool , I like to pay volleyball d I 'm an excllen plye .
We uully organise competitions and tournments wit oer school .
This is my favourite sort .
During my leisure time , I le to hp my parents in h kitchen .
We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
I eno h dirty d oily hnd in he kitchen .
With rferece to h abve , I would ik to apply to the Summer Cap o wth my full commitment .
Contemporary Art is a vy contrversil subjec nowadays .
Ther re many sources and creators , as ll as thee .
It is we known that many rt curators d artiss beleve that contempoay at is t a good source of art , sine there r ma artists that ony create bsed on ter easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philoshical de , but mos of the time his is unintelligible .
Luckily , he most expensive art is till the ld art , le Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of epty artwrs are being sold at auction around t wold fo extraodinarily hih prices .
Experimental rt has taken the old of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a leve of differences that it will o be possble to stop .
So n we he many coces and an infiniy of informaion avalble at any given time .
Wi hs stated , we now hae an ea of how artits reae .
The sports days wr hel on Kw Chung pors Grnd on 12th d 1t Nvembr .
Te weather was artly clud .
I gt hre by TR .
I arrivd at the sports rund at 7:40 a.m. This year I competd in the 100-mtre ac .
On the first day before e sports day began , we h e opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted t torch d we sang t anthm .
Afe that , te sport day begn offiialy .
At 10:45 a.m. , h irl 's grade C 100-metre rae started .
There wa a funny thng hen I went to t marshl .
e teacher clled my name ice nd he tld me to stand in a differet plc .
So I knew that there w someone whose name a pronounced the sa as mine .
Befe the race , I w ey nervous .
When I s unnng , I hard my housemates cheering and flt the wn pasing my fce .
Tt feelin was very pleasant n mae me feel relaxed .
At ast , I wa tenth out of 27 people .
Alhouh it is not a great esut , I 'd tried my best .
At the en of the y , our school announcd the mak th fou huses h o .
My house s number to temporarily .
I fet hopefl d wanted my house to be the champions .
On the cond y , my classmates called me to tak pt in e inr - lass relay rae .
I felt really arad becaus I a not goo at running .
Final , o las ws th fist runn - up .
We had a difference of 0.5 seonds btween us ad the winnr of te ace .
I preented my class ro ining the campionshi .
In he end , my house was the runner - up .
I hope my house will wi the championship ex year .
" Thre is no future for public transport , because travelli by ar is so much mo convenient " .
In my opinin , this affirmation is o crret .
We shuld use public tranpor because at the presn thre r a o of cr in the world tht ollut n , unotunately , we are harmig the nvionment d the old .
It is st th l people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is me healthy .
Ther is othing rog wi going to a lace in a r , obviouy , it is faster th a bus an ceaper , but o always .
I hnk it is true that travelling by ca is so ch moe convenient , t I disagree that there is no future for pubic traport .
It is comonly debated that tourism ha greatly influenced nt ol te aspcs of a cotry , but of e who orl .
Wther tourism has h a ositve or a negave impact on our ives , it remains quite a dilemma o te ignorants .
First of l , tourism is a tool tat enables ople to trael ll around the worl .
Alongsid its devlopment , th ablty to travel ha become asier to sc an extent ha it is now quite common to commute rom e conty to another .
The existence of multinatinals is tigtly connected to h da of tourism , as wl as to h ida of globalisation , sine a traveller is not js a citizen of his own country , t a glbl citizen .
Secondly , urism , especially in deveoped countres , has played an important art in their growth from an conomic poit of vie .
ere a countries , such as Greece or ugaria , in which te economy elie completely on tourim .
If tuism iflences te coomy , it thereby inluences the nvironent , nd if it influences th environmet , it infuences transport . How ? eopl ecme more arefu at ther historical ste , treby peserving them . Transpot is devloped bot on a small d a large scl .
On a small cale , in cites , in a wy which will aow citizens n orists alike to ach important places more efficiently .
On a arg scal , people ca o travel in almost any possible y : on land , on sea or ai .
Trogh the developmet of turism cruiss a train acaions re brn .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger w lved in a beautful landcape with e boyfried and er 3 daughers .
The tgr was a other amed Aanda , a she was 25 yeas od . The herders killed her arents , bause e herders were poor and did n't have enough fod to suive , so they kied thm .
The tiger 's boyfriend ws a li nae John , d he was 27 yeas old . Hs dad died because , in a figh wih other animal , he got an infection .
s mom die because something or omeone dragged r by the eg and pulle her int a ve where ther animals e her .
They died when Jo ws o little to remember d he never new wt happned , so he wt everywhere to ok for the . He even walked and walk even at reverse , b he never found the .
T 3 daughtes were so dierent to ech oth .
The frt o was name Amanda Jnio , ater r m , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 ers d an s loved to ru and she was h fstes in the family and d a lot of sots .
Sh is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter as nae Eizabeh and was a leoprd She . as the intelligent ne of the family and the ldes of the daughters .
Se as 12 years l .
thr animls gave th rewards or bous because sh discovered hat water was lquid .
The lat daughter was Aa , who s e youngest of th family and s a jaua .
e stay in bed a d nthing all day .
Her parents were angry because she was the ly one that ever workd .
One da , the nimas we to Aa and ga r an incentive to be an atete or do something the than seeing .
The end .
Hell friend ,
I know y are searching for a flat to live in fo h whole of ne year .
aybe I und somthing for you : he I a on the bs returning ome I rad a newspaper wt sme avertiseents .
There is a nice at ner my hom : it is perfect for someone ho wat to lve tere for only a year .
The are a litl kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom wt shower but withou bah and a cool livng - oom .
I hik th you hae to bring wnte clothes wi yo because here it is really od !
Write to me soon
Alsia
Hello Rey , about the question y ked me in your leer . It has been hard to give you an answer ecause I nw w mu you love both .
as night I ade a deciin .
I think that o shld give up yr music class .
o have been havng classes since ou wre nine year ol and yo aledy knw hw to play pino , so I think that o sould continue doing ports , because it is impotan o yur healh and in yo free times you could sll lay ano withou going to casses .
This is my oinin , b th decision is ous , so wn you dcde , pese send me a lett tellng me out it .
Love , In .
y , my ne is Jo an I 'm 21 yars ol ad l think l would suit the summer amp vry well because of my goo maers an I 'm very open with kids , so the can oen up and pak .
My current job is as a nurse at the local ospial ad l can do everything that a doctor can .
So , if the kds urt themselves , then l cn ix the up instead of taking them to the hospital or small this ie uises and smalle ijuies .
The most exciting day of my life was te 3d of un at year .
I ha an exam .
That day I ke up ear becaue I s nrous .
Ten I revised Maths at home before oing to chol , as at scool , beoe beginning the exam .
Whn I state to ra the racs I fel agitae d I though that I would n't be bl to finish and ass tat test .
Bt we I finished before he tme was up I w hpp nd relaxd .
I alays said hat I wld ps tat test nd I as sue of that .
Ad it is ue .
I passed ta test !
Helo Charlie ,
I rall ejoye heaing from u .
Congrtlations from your iser on your prize .
I wud like to go to a e rtis rolls competition , although in my iy there are n't a lot of ompetition of thi kind . If I ad h posibility of going , I 'd areay buy the tickets .
My faourie sport
When I a tree years old , my parts wen siing wh me .
At the beginning I went to e kindergarten and hey taug me to sk .
It s a lot of fun , ecaue I could no do it .
At twelve o'clo in e aftrnoon , my paets ok me with hem an we sed together .
My father oo me between his nees , eause I ould s ihout fllig ve nd it w fun .
When I was oldr , I a ale to et better . My dream ws:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I d to learn to ki perfectly lik my parents .
aer , when I as 16 yar old , my dream ce true .
I had my first sowboard eson an I loved it .
I tok every free minute to go snwboarding .
Ta is he stry of why I go snowboarng .
I njy snowboarding , becuse you feel free hn you are oing own h piste .
Y are lik a bird .
It is te best feeling in the orl .
u are ry app and sometimes I sig a song and the word is perfect .
ht is everthing I want to have and I 'm luc .
Tha 's hy I like the iner re ta the summer .
Snwboardng or skiing is e bs sport o anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Also , you spd al the im in the countrside and if o are lky , yu can see aimal .
It had ben a ver ng and tiring day , u To felt he had achieved something rall good .
Yestrday , he was on his way home ad it was getting ar .
Hs pants wr worred and cale hi a couple of times .
He started alking ery quickly .
Everthng as dark .
She oened her yes nd te ist tig that se sw was the bac sk .
A dark sk withut stars .
She t up d ookd around .
he wa in a par of t ods wer e se to go to think and relax .
She sared to take consciousness , although s could n't remember ow she got there .
h ad to al at least 15 minute to ge ro e house to this place .
Th proble w , th ast thing she remembered wa that sh has been seeping d he suddly ok up we he widow opened cause of th wind .
She fell slee again , did n't she ?
If she did , w id h anage to wl there in r sle ?
If s was n't awake , why could n't s remember anything aftr at ?
Tis ituation a really frustrting , not to etion that ow e ad to wlk for alost 20 minute to t hoe and ac to slep .
h started to walk to lear r mind .
She kne her ay even in he dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last fw week .
The development of human id in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transpotaion tchnolog , in this twenty fist century , we ve various options , like lnes ht can ly in te clouds , trains ht are fast and i eoug to carry ndreds of eople and travel hundreds of mile an hur a boats at ar much gger an faster than in ncient times .
Although compared to ancien mes , we ae lucky enough to hav ll these option .
However , if I am given th optio to choose between all thre , I wud a plane .
There ae three reasons to choose his .
The first reason is its sped compared to both othe mean of ransportatio . It can ravel fater .
It can trvel thousands of miles in a cupe of hours .
As a reul , peole c sve time .
Second is afety , comred to other modes of transport , the chancs of ccidents are es .
That mak it safer to travel by plane rather than train or oa .
The third on is comor .
T pae is much mre mre comfortable than bt ran and bat .
In onclusion , I will s that the plane will be my firt choic out of a three means of transportatio .
The eson behind my choice is speed , safety n cofort , whic make e plane my first coie .
Everyone shul tke a yer off between leavng schol d startng college or university , to ean money or travel . It old be the bet ard for a studt who has attended high school .
Young people wa to dscoer the wod d travelling reaches plce which old be unreachable otherwise .
I ad a woderful day ysterday because I as on t beach al afternoon .
I wn with my prents and my sister .
The beach is loatd in A Guarda d is ae is O uño .
There re a lt of peop on the beach .
The water s vey ld and I cld n't swi , ten I played football in the sand on the beach .
I sunbathed for a very long ti nd thn I wen to a caf a nd I drank a drink .
It was a nie a because I had a good tim with my amily .
No ftre r a public transport ? Is this caim tru or not ?
Wil we ee ubic ransort on our roads in 5 or ee 10 years ? That is really uch an interesting qeston .
I think that it l depends on the development .
o we can s that ore nd more people prefer travelling by car .
e , I gre , if yo planned t jorney for a faraway desinatio and r a long time you oul prefe to do it by cr , ecause , firly , yu 'll pend less time , yur journey il be comfortable , you 'll hav the ossibilit to stop any hee and for a ln time , as you ed to .
u if we are alkin about tavelling arss yur cty , uld you prefer pblc trnspor or car ?
I tik at this is the uestion o eveyone , nd there ca n't be one nser f all , because one person a use public rnsport , nd sav in this way o oy mey , but t environment , ut se pople do n't like to use p.t . because hey spend more time ravelling or ey impy do n't lik to travel wh other eople .
So , in my opinion , evn in 10 years , public traspor wil be passing on u strets with a easonabe nmbe of passengers .
Helo ara ,
Thank you f yo emal .
My name is Mohmed d I am a 28 - year- old ae fo the Kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to t GYM and run on a dly basis to keep in hpe d good helth .
Looig forward to finding ou oe about o .
My village is the place where I ive , so I am trying to ep ts envronment n - polluted and suitable for life .
In oder to atain this goal , I have to tk ste and actios to proct the environmnt as follows :
no smoking in ulic plces .
increas h number of trees a plants n pish people who cut th down .
establish fatories outside of th vilage .
protec e aer ouces and e se .
guide people and ive them infrmatin , detail and guidelines about poution .
I 'd lke to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " emo " . I go there every eek . It ha different food to othr restaurants . I like cripy chcke with galic saue . It 's an excellent choce for me . And my avorit appetizer is ausge d in order that dessert I like " Vade " ake wh chocoate auc . I feel at eas wn I go ere . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . Aou the sevic : it 's very good and l the staf are respectable . I ca n't imine ne ee wiout ging ther . That would die me nuts . I avis everyone to go there and enjoy their time tee . Aso , th restaurant has a relative advantae in hygiene rally . It 's excellent . The tiking thing o anyone , is hat despite all of these advantages , th prices are o expensive .
Volleyball is n of the ost difficult spts in e wrl . You hve to p yur by in the correct frm to hrow e ball to the the si in the game .
I hve been plaig volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have ot to know a lot of popl who help me to rw up in th spt n lfe .
When I was 10 , I chse to pa th a roup of gls olde than me . Th were od , and I oud n't believe the experience .
Volyball is my favorite ort becue whe I am plying with my em , I am in another world in which I a be free and hpy . Apa from this , when I am eelig bad , ths is a disracion fro university .
Yu shuld ty pling , it 's such fn , but I warn yo , it is not easy at first , bt you have to try may times lke you hold do in lie .
On weekdays , I t ot of my bed at 7 in th morning to go to my ork , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep aound 12 AM .
I usually play vdo games if I do ot have a homework to do .
I am n a g fan of sports , so I do t play an .
However , I soetimes do skipin to keep myself i .
Micael woke up in the monng a rad the newpaper .
In the nwspaper , he red an interesing notice .
The notice wa abo a comettion .
T ompetiion wa about writng stories .
Mchel ws excited because he s a great writer and he ecided to ner .
Firt , he foud an ea for he sory and he decided to ak the tory aot pirates lookng for tresure .
He began to write .
The story a vey good bu Micael di not know h to en t story .
Finaly , Mihael ndd h story a he went to h post offie .
Michael snt the stor but he closed th dor a ke at ha mmet he d mde a mstake . He d n't give his name an addrss .
es , I hink TV can entertain an educate , becuse there re many cmeies .
lso thee r a t of dcational hanels .
I think istorical channels are vey interesting , ecause you can learn new things aou the past .
oedies are so nny , so when ou are sa you can wtch ne of em .
There a many discussions about t future of ulic traport .
Different eprts have takd abo hs question and so tere e several opinions .
People lk to ha te freedom to travel comfortably an for this reso , some people usually prfr to use their cars .
Public transport is sually restriced because of the timetabes and you c oly us transport at the time th the timetale lets you .
Fr this reason , many eopl do n't like to s publc transport because thy want to tral when te need to .
On th other nd , public tanspot is btter r e environment , beaus h poltion is less tha using yu n car .
Fally , in the fure , the commodity of people is maybe going to detemine the most ue of the cr than the pbic tanspot .
Susan is a little rago .
e in is colored d and green ; re dos on top of he green to be moe recise .
She dos ha ever d after schol .
Of oure , she also has a ltle bother .
His ski is clred red , just ke thi fthr 's .
Dear Pul !
I hve't written to ou for ages because I was er bsy because of the eam at University .
Wat aot you ? What 's e in rzil ? As ou know , my fried Jh sed me to he i wh the organization of a concert which was held last onth .
So I was there as something like a member of staf .
My work consisted of mkig pess advertising , providig al the ticke , food for musicians and things ke that .
I go w free V.I.P tickets , so I too my girfiend and we wr tre together .
When he concert finished , we went to the drssig room to t autographs ro musicians .
I et like a star ! Crowds of peopl ere waiting in fnt of the dresng room or autographs , but ly me d my sweet girlriend ot them .
Peple ere so envus ... I lied it ! It was a fantastic experiece .
Next time , I would ie to do something similar and you should try it as we . You il er god money and you have a cultural exerience .
It 's a dual effc !
Hope to see y sn
hn
Advertising is everywhere .
Tere a a on TV , on the radio , on bses , on the stree ...
In sit of ts ange of media , TV continues to be t most imprtant mns of communicatin .
A lot of people tik ta tee are o many ads on television , but , is it true ?
On e oe and , it 's tue hat oe programme or seie whi we watch a a l of metons of podcts or services .
There a be peope tred of so ch advetising ntent , bu tis is completely necessary .
hee are a ot of products whch ave to be advertised and a l of messages to report to people .
TV is the most accesibl mas of communcation ad people n see the mesages in hs way .
In aditon , behnd one ad there are a lt of tins : one industry .
In ne ad tre are , f xample , t publicist 's wrk , the companies ' investments , future sales , t roduc or sevce 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lo of ad on TV but they e neessary and beneficial fr everyone .
My favourite eaon of t yer is summer .
y do I make this choice you cearly a as : I lve s an oo wather .
e , it is tue that durg summ the temperature is vey hot and o an arely say in t sun because you nd up bei but by the n .
In sit of th , smmer is a vy good ti to enjoy the litle this lie ive us and have fun with th .
During summer I love to go to the beach n go snbathing wt my friends as well as having fn wt th playing volleyball or runig in he watr of the sea !
I hik the acivitis are ver regenerating ad they make y frget about all t heat of summer .
Furthermore , you n slee mor ha the other ays of e ar and this mke you fl elaxed .
I really lk to exlor nature duing summe too .
The wonderfl colours of flowers in the sunshine ar fabulous .
Dear UA UMER CAPS ,
I aw yu advertisement in t newspaper ad I 'm vry interested in the positi of childminder yu e advertisig .
I 'm ihteen ars old and I 'm dng a languages translation egre at university at h momet . Ta 's hy I need to work in odr to pay my fe .
I av som xperienc orking it children of l ages , an I do n't mind hard wor nd I learn quickly .
Also , I 've ust got my FC certificate this year , but it would hl me a o if I pactise my English in a tive - speaking cunry .
I consider myself relly atve , socble , ell - organized and abo all patien . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable o this job as I an adapt myef easily to any id of situation or environment , esecially woking overseas , ps it would be a nce xperiece cause I would meet new peple n experience a dffrent culture .
I 'm looking forwad to hring from y on .
Yours faithfully ,
ersa Wysocki
It had en a ery log and tirig dy , ut To felt he hd achieved sometng realy od .
He finally , after 5 year , on a swimmg competition .
It w really important to him because he ad been raning or 5 long yrs since he wa 15 and he had n't achieed anthin .
He was ver happy a he decid to celebrate .
He invited l his friends rom the team d ha a party .
T wantd Mel , his girlfriend , to me too .
h ws really pru of him .
She reamt of big his wife .
S wante to be hs wife so badl .
u he did n't love her enoh .
He wanted to bek up th h at at pry .
He ws aiting 2 hous for her .
He hated hat e ws always late .
That ws t min reason he waned to end it .
Whn e came he lookd rgeous .
And hn he saw e , s heart started to beat faste nd faster .
B time was up .
He o closer to her ad tol her everything .
Mel lookd sadly at m , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " d left his home .
He followed and apoloized to h .
He si he was drunk n di n't kn what he as saying .
Then he huge h .
He said he love her nd kissed hr frehad .
He a to say wh her because of ... e baby .
He ould n't ust leve her caryin his aby !
No ! He had ever atd lie hi .
He knew that he a to stay wi her the rt of i life and raie te bby .
He deced to gie swimming up and tar to tk are of Mel .
On da el was feelin really ba so Tm took her to the hospital .
He flt that omethig a was goi to happen .
And he as righ .
Me lost the ba .
o had to ak a hr decision .
His life was gon to chne .
e was crying al day a Tom could n't sta it .
He broke up wh Mel d it made her much moe s .
He dd n't car .
He thoght it was her fult ha h had lost ter ttle huma .
Gliding in the waves
Even if I am t very intereted in training , he sort I really prefer to do is swimming .
The sensation of eing embraced by e atr , feeling the body quite withou weigh , able to mk a lot of movements hat re impossible while in e i , creaes a onderful state of mind .
I sated to pactice swimmin in a ool bease I was n't able to wi at l , and I want to learn .
I took lessons o six mnths , and I improved my abilities so uch .
If yo are not a good swimmer , you os a large amount of plesure in enjoying the water , either in he a or in a pool .
Swimming is qute hard work , especially if ou ed to learn the basic moement , but it is a very relaxin activity .
I recommend that yo do n't give up befoe trying , because it is faily simple d it cn iv a lo of saifaction !
You efforts will be rewded with success , and you can g it through practice .
·Introdutin
his repot wl examine the different ativities we can do in r lesur me in Catelldefels .
·Actities to ps h te
As ur town is el - kown for ou magnificent bahes along te Mediterranean cost and f te Olymc Canal of Castlldefels , ny foreign an local pele ce ere to do activities lie itsurfing ad windsufing at t bac or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
These ativities ar th ost popular and the ot expsive to .
However , I fuly recommend tem , especiay for sorty , adventurous and young peple .
·Other ideas for having fun
In Castelldefels , here r otr activities that re les popul , but cheaper . For instance : free zmb masterclass , bch ga , running ... as sports activiis , and as social activities the e library gup , theatre ...
As I ai , these acivties are nt as popular as he activities on the Oympc Caal and the beach , bt teir uccess is increasing more d more .
·Recommendation
So , finaly , I ugest that it wul be a gret idea to combne te diferent types of activities , both e popular and th newest .
If y red all te activities , you would have a great time he in Castelldefels !
Hi Je ,
How are ou ?
I ws glad to ea from u .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
ou will come int Reus airpo , right ?
Well , the airport is located just outside Reu . It 's small but it as a lot of ervices and tnsport .
ou av to take a s because it is re economical han tkig a tax .
The s ops at Slou bus station .
We ou g off e u , o should ask someone for prng Strt .
It 's near there .
o ca walk to my hus .
so , I am seing you a map in ode to cate e stret .
hs is my adess : 4 pruce avenu .
I 'm planig yr visit .
I 'd lke to ist musems , monuments and to go clubbing with u .
I 'm lokin forward to hearing om you soon .
Best Regard ,
May
Dear Sergio García A ,
My nme is uillero Sedilo Tórez .
I am an Enineer of Exeution in Mines , I qualifi at t " nstiuto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly inerested in and I am competent to apply fo te ps of Chief of Operations at he ne undergroud pojet , Chiuicamta .
In the frst lae , my qualities and professional sklls sem to suit the requiremets of your company .
On the thr hnd , I have th thoretical nowledge to use the e technologies this grat rojec requires .
I am also able to lead the oeratios of h roject rsonsibly nd through em wok to achieve h objective and to contie with the prestige that your compa ha .
My work experience is ottanding because I had the piviege of belonging to the " Mier El Tenente " as shift manager , Chef of Operations at " Mnea Andina " and at e evaluation deprtmet of CODELCO projects .
I really apreciate yu im and consideration .
It would be a plasure to discus in pern w I am ualiied fo this positon .
I loo foard to a prompt respnse from your company .
Without further ado , I remain , yor faithfully ,
Guillermo Sello Tórz
Nowadays , there are many people wo are learning freig languages . For me , it is a go thi ta mr people ae learning languages , bt is it wor learning a foreign langage ?
Firstly , here are mr multinional compnies ta ed people to spea oth languages , so tha meas tat peopl who kow w to sea a forign langage hav more oprtunities to t a job in b comanies , or ill have or canes of being promoted .
On h other hd , there are more beefit . Fo examle , if ou wn to travel to another counry , it is very useul to know a different language , ecuse you c understand everything without complictions .
Finll , learning another language gives the learner the abilit to step inside te mind an context of that ter cltue .
Toy , globalization is bringing the word lser togeter . That man that thre ar mor possibiities to have contact with oher cultures , for example through literature , petry , films , TV programs , musi or om oher asect of the cutue .
On balane , learning forign languages is very posive in different ways , so if ou have the posibility of learning a nw langae , do it , because it will brig yo many beneit .
A LETTE OF COMPAINT
Julio Camarillo
Monao avenue nº2
Post ode 10237 Cácres
Augst , 3rd 201
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am wrting to compla bout a packge I received on Monday last week .
I ordered o btteries , model 0054 , because my moble needs this in of attery , but I have only received one atter , model 001212 .
One month a , I ordered wo batteries , oel 0254 , on you nlie wbite .
I have a mobie ( Nokia 1214 mdel ) whch neds batteries , model 002545 .
T deiver was wrong , so ow I am in a huge hrr because I need my mobile to ok very d .
If I ha no mbil , I will nt be able to wrk .
To reolv t problem , I wuld li to reeve he batteries by express os .
he delivery error was made by ou , so his te , it sould be snt with free deliver .
If I do ot hear from o wihi he next two das , I shall be forced to contc my slicitor .
Yo ca nly contac me by mail because my moble ill do not work .
I pe to hear rom you soon ad have my batteies at my ome as quikly as possibe .
Yours faithfully ,
Juli Camarillo
The aim of ts eort is to ealuate bth bad points and ood points of th uss ' opinions of the Actv Leisure lu recently .
First , people in hi area have actuly found a suitable lce to njy hir tm thruh a wide range of ctiviies and games which re held creatvely n efectivey nd are suitae f different ges .
esides , it has enouh moern facilities to serve th users in peak ours a t trainers re everywhere and ready to give el .
However , there is only one thing hat we dislike .
With e purse of attracting or pole to jin h club , besides ts od pits , I would highly recommend tt thy should arrange the time suitably ad avoid th hold t activities to avod problems .
Given is a diagram introducing the proedures for maki nk note .
eigning t bank notes is the first and indispensable stp .
People sould decide th bacgound olur and the artwork n they have to consider the security issues .
Then , silled machiniss prepare the meta plates in rer to go to th next tep .
The hird step is to print h preared an otes .
Usaly there wll be 50 bank nes per she .
h olor wil be printed on bot sides and eer ne has it unique ink . Also , t images wil be slightly raise .
ftr that coe the ost sgnificant stage ; that is , inspecting the qualit of the printed sheets .
People usually dvid th qualiy ito hree parts : go quality , partially damad , and bad shets .
As fo goo qality sheets and partialy dmged t still good eets , people will cut them into seprat notes an pak he toethr in order to dispatch an distrbte the bank note .
If he partially damged sheets e bad , he will be treate as bad sheets , which will be surely destroyed .
In conlusion , the diara gves t quit precise poces of making bank tes .
Even tugh it sees to be es to mak them , every ste nes people to be ery areful in order to produce te perct bnk oes r everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything bga a few years ago , when Alfre , he Mayor , red an article about he iportnce of the surroundigs to the heth n happiness of people .
He started to thk about ow he ould improe our lives and he fond a souion .
A concerned population
While youngsters ue heir im trying to inform te olds pepl of he village aout he impotance of taking care of our surroundings , midl - ged people hv planted many trees aoun the village and cleaned the floor of ur public places making it a more atractve plae to live in than we used to he .
Eay recycing
Th loca authoiies helped this initiative by creting some places for popl to lev thir ubbish in rde for it to be taen to the recycling center with te purpse of giin a w life to our was .
he reuls
As a eult of tis attitude , sine lfrd ad th great ida , we have one of he clanet villages in t aa .
People o ae worried abot th futu of ur planet and an assoiation has be create in rer to promote the care of ou anet , Gre Planet , it is clled .
We wat a hpy Eath .
elo Luis Banco ,
I 'm writing to ou about the staf recruitment or th " N Clod Generatin " pojec .
So we eed your help with some questions about th procs .
For you information , we are looking r peple with three yer ' experience in similar projects , who r eginees and also have od teamworking skil .
We also equre that they hav pecialised studs in Cloud technology , n hosting managmet .
Hoeer , it 's possil that we wo n't id noug people with hat profle , so , we could accept people with oe year 's experience .
Is it possible to ol he meetin this week ?
When a where do yo pree ? ( Rmembe that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suges we coul hold th meting at your ffice , so you do n't hav to travel to another plce .
inaly , I need yo to prepare some profiles of the ualiies ta you tik the staf of New Clud Generatin should ae , and plese ell me if o fin another different rqust than the n I told o bfre in at e - mail .
Please , answer me with the informaion as soon as osible .
Íñio jed .
Dear Pu ,
Wh 's up ?
Do y remember when I tol you I had been helpn at a cocer ?
It w a reall exciting and unorgetable xprience ad I njyed it vy much .
Y probably wo n't believe me , bt I t l the mebers of Dżem and . I talk to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nie men . Because of helping them , I had te best pace duin the conce and I have their autographs on e latest record . I did n't have may utie d none of hm were unpleaant .
In gneal , I d on n dt , an that w checking the guest li . On top of that , I ad to help th cleanin th area after the conrt .
ut that concert was wrh my wr , so I hop I ill be ivited to their ext evet .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I sppose we 'll s eac other oon and I 'll be ble to tlk to yu bou ti experience .
Love ,
Dminika
Reort :
The am of this report is to gve ou my peronal oint of vi of e course I id at yr branch in Madrid as onth .
In aditio , I would lke to iv you some suggestions I think it would be orh aking ino account o h next ouse that il ta place next ar .
First , I oul like to stnd out the outstandng classmats there wee in class .
ey ere not only rely clever pele , but aso excellent co - workrs .
Working collaboratively is , in ac , the most interesting wa of learning any subject , even English .
Second , e teachers ha really good teaching kils .
Te manaed to courage all of us eer day .
is way , we ae e most of it d never gave up improvig our English level .
Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays ae in really handy .
They heled me to pronounce words better ha before starting the ouse .
However , in my opinion , hee should have been at les oe nate eachr in h teacing team .
hat way , we would hav been able to hear a native seker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up th report , will I just say that , on the whoe , the course was fatastic and I am looking orwad to signing up for it aain next yer .
Yours sncerely ,
Ju Orozco
I am een on cinema and I love to watch all tpe of films .
B , wh films are in my To 100 lst ?
In my opinion , Bael is a fasciatin film with a dramatic ad thrilling storyline th is ne of the t 0 best ovies .
I really eno it ecase th plot is original an it show the different li storis of ving charactes .
In addition , I thin that h setting are ve realistic ad the ctor gae a great prformance .
Thereor , I recommend that dram gre lovers wach Babel as its message will mve ou .
It reveals that u feelings crs the boundris of all cultures nd we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 yar o , and I ive in Port - Said , Egt .
I am a tudnt in h d year of he faulty of meicine at Port - id University .
My aher works as a teacher and so oe my moher .
I ve e brother an o sister .
I have bee doig Judo fr the ps 11 years ad have wo a lot of pize .
My hobis e travellng , reading stories nd writng my thghts .
I am interested in scientific research and analying informaion , so I am akig a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest reeachers in the world in adiion to becoming a member in Wrd Helth rganiation ( WH ) .
It is n't just a dream in my in , but I wok hard to me this dream come true .
Over h lst two years , I have wrked in mn plces , uc as a pharmacy , a restaurant n a water purification company .
I blieve tha work is everthing and experence can ork ircles in our lives , so I cho this program bcuse I at to lan and sud , I ant to knw oe nd mor .
In my childhod , my eam was to bcoe an ngieer , but we I changed my career to meicne , I realized ha Alah chose the bes o me an o my personality .
When I wok , I feel hat I ae te world in my hand , so I can do anyhing f peopl .
One of my goals in life is to invnt an effctive dru r oe of t incurale diseases , like cancr , AIS n hepatitis .
I have asked ysel mny tis ha is the aim of your lfe ?
An at ae the benefits of work and udy ?
But if y ook at your world and realize it wel , it wil be deserved from everyoe to wok so hard d achieve their hopes .
I lrnt fom research that u can do everything at any im . In addition , a ittl ird can cange life f the bett .
I like travelling d visitg nw plce in my count an my rea is to tave to a h counries in h world . Also , I have ttended a lot of conferences in my field , so I thik this progrm is a chance for expience whch il help and inspire me for community sevic and the devlopmnt of my socity , as I hope to come back and eah others wha I av lart .
I am wriing with reerence to the jb as the cmp ontor ta you require in the ummr .
I a our advertisement ti morning and I am rlly interestd in it .
Althogh I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person fo the post .
I am a peschool teacher d I hav experience looking fter children ro 3 to 12 yas old . I onsider ysel uite paient and fun . In my opinion , thy re two highly necessary qualities fr th nd of job .
I am od at working in a team too .
I do not lke to be aoe or feel lonely . Th could be o of my great weaknesses .
I ally love being wth people a the tim .
I do o thik being young will be a prble .
Instea , I eleve it is an advantage .
Young pope are usually rd - working a activ people .
If o require any further infomation , please do n hesiate to ontact me .
I encose my curriculum vitae wi my teephone nuer . I would be rateful if you uld iv me an iterview at yo eariet cnvenienc .
I would relly apprecate it ecause I am lokin forward to starting work .
Is thr a fute r privately owne cars ?
To be honest , I am not ur .
Altough privately wed cas ae more ad more poplr , d ty are increasingly becoming a common aset vn in developing cuntries , it is not likely that this mean of transport can be the ens of transport of the fuure .
Most peope tody ralize that in ou ciies d on our planet there is an increasig oblem of spe a pollution .
Carbon - based fls will not last foreve .
I would sy that , ot probably , private crs are not " sustainable " in e og term , an it wil be necessary to revert to some rt of puli transport .
Th polation - gowh forecast ells us that , in the next 35 yea , the world population wil row by a sagering 3 bllio hman beings .
I know that it is ce to dream of a fuure of tehnological peopl lyin arund , each of tem it their own mal private helicopte .
But it is no going to hpen .
I gues that in u fuure tere will be no helicopters , and not even any cars .
States and lcal authortis ll have to tackle te problem and prvide the public wh a better alternative . T
he pri for idepedent transport ill ncease damatically .
I think that tht wl chne th habits of th pblic .
Even tough we will have to rea the timetable and to learn aan to be on tim , the nice old train ould bcome important again .
Imgine is picture : th first class of ti semester , students e yawning and do not ay ttention to the teacher , while te teacher ass for te answer , studens cn not answer bcaus ey totally can not remember what hy studid last semester .
Students cld eceive a bett , more efficient ducation if thy spent 11 mohs a ya studying , partly bease , afe the long vaction , studets will not remember te knowledge they av learned , ptly because e long vaction will get students ed to having fun instead of stuing , a partly ecause some difficul courss shuld be continually studied .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more effiient duation if they spet 11 months a ye studying .
More reasons and detils wll be sed ligt on in h following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus that studet will forget t knwlege th have earned after a ln break .
For examle , in histry cls , history teachers hv to repeat teaching the history of Nrt America bere te start to tah the history of South Americ at the beginning of the semester .
It is very im - wasting nd not efficient .
Nt woul be , students get use to reaxng bause of having no study and mework in th lng vacation .
For exaple , wn the semester stats , students cn not get over the ushine , beach , ad traelling .
In h class , sudents will recall the joyfu time they ha instad of pang atention to h tachr .
Last but t east , ome difficut curses shold be continaly studid rather than havg a long break .
For instace , laning Enlih shul be a daily activiy . If yu have a ng time witout studying English , y could forg h vocablary or he grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree wi te statement that studens could rcive a etter , oe efficient education if th sen 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sprt is scer .
I have enjoyed ts srt since I was a child . I lwas rmemer when my father and my bothe ught me to py it .
My faher was a professinal soccer player , so I think hat I inheited th lve for soccer .
I plaed soccr in different teams in my neihborhood , scool or university .
I always enjo plaing ocer because when I am on h layin field I forget all problems .
I lik to spek with my teammaes .
Together we anayz the ril tem ad we choose a strategy to win h match .
Whn I play badly , I feel aitatd , t my temmate ie me their unconditioal uppor .
That is priceess .
I knw health is very mportan , so if you do is sport there is a hgh probabilit tha you ar healthy .
So , if yo e starting this ort , you should do it becase you will relly lke it .
If you do n't like it , tere are mn options to do the sprts .
occer is not a violen sor , b sometimes it becomes violent .
Thefore , u hae to be repaed o y problem .
Finally , I advise that you eny playin his awesome srt .
On my vacatin I nt to ew York .
I also went to t amazing iagara alls .
Something tha ma me happy as seng my family .
On September 12th , 014 , I en to New Yrk Cy .
Duing t flight I w very hap cause I receie a lot of fod .
he flight s approximately five hours duing wic I watcd beautiful movies .
Wen I arive , my ucl wa waiting for me and I gav hm a big hug .
We went to Long Islnd because he lves ther .
He h a rally nice house an I was apy to ee my littl ousi " Agel " , who looks just like me .
In w or I ae so much . I als went to h ity that ner sleeps : Manhattan .
My uncle had t awesome ea of going to Niagara Fall .
We went by ar d it was about 8 hours ong .
Finally , we arrive at iagra Falls , which loks like a ghst town .
It does not have ve much to do , bu there wer h falls .
I was amae at how huge t all were .
The were incredible , amazing ad beautiful .
I took so many photos bause yo do n't visit lces like tha every da .
Somthin ta made me vr happy was visiting my family .
My uce Juan lve in te United States of America ad I as very to hug i bcaus I miss him a lo .
My cosn Anl was vey happ to see me and me too , we are lk siblngs .
My ut gave me a lot of presents because s said they do ot se me reqently and many othe mebers of my faily .
In concuson , I h a perfect acaion whee I a new tigs , vsted awesom places like Ngara Falls and Time Square , eceied a lot of presents an , especiall , ate a lot of elicious oo .
Mt students attending universtie are away fro the city where hey used to ive , so , they ee accommodtio to ie in thrughout the studi .
Most iversities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms d ormitories f their studens to lower h ots , becase mot students hv a low income .
Other students , who m have amil financial support , prefe to he an apartment to live independently .
aring huses or rooms has many advntags , sc as being cheap , safe , clos to te univrity , an a hance to earn how to share everything it oths . Saving one nd ime will be mr obvios in university domtories becase onthly paymets will be les than four ime toe f hiring an apartment , a becus tey wl be clser to the university . Svin money and time is mor eficient because of educing ransporttion costs .
In pie of all these beefts , I prefer - if I c - to ie in an apartmet where personality is ry important f me .
Many ears ago , I share a room ith a friend for a few mnth urig a couse outsi my country . Tose days were the wors in my life ; he ws dity , spoke loly al the me and did t share the budt f food . Lvng lone wil rant me th freedom to live in the ay that I choose n sti be friendly it a he others wthout excee the privacy of my friends . Th is nt achieved hn iving in shared rooms .
hy ano me .
Although the federal governme hich is decded as a le of the U has mny benefits accordin to th readi passage , th lturer believes tt there is no prfect government .
The strength of fderalism , which gves moe liberty to saes to have their own poicies acordng to their needs , is not alwys god o the lecture , wh it y create some conflicts between stte .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where sm states allow this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even hough he eeral govenent le each state fntion ndependently , it stll contols t an ecsions .
This causes some problems wre the lectrr mentioned the failure of federa government to stop illeg immigration to e S thrugh te Nevad desert .
Al , h cotrol of t federal government is the reaon why ac of the states nd th fderl government blame each thr for the ncrase in unemploymet in so states .
In conclusion , federal government , which give freeo an power , causes my roblem , such as no sigl policy and confusin over esponsiblity .
Travelling to a differnt country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same im .
I hik tha any pe of trp is exciting , but they also ha their fustrating oment .
In order to enoy travelling to Meio , I would iv two important pece of advic ; first , ty to ge along wih your travel companio and eno e xican food ntead of criticising t spiy flavour .
eople say tht on eve ourney pople suffer at different moments of the tr : arrive , e wa frm the frustration of an unknown place , et along it your rael companion , succeed as a traver an arrive home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mxico , I uggst ha the trveler finds a a to get along with hs or her compaion .
This mnimal chance will mak a big difference hen u visit another it .
As an example , if you ar abl to get along with your travel companin , you can enjoy each momnt of e trip , exchange se pictues , e together , and vist places of mmon interest sch as museums or malls .
Other dice that I wud gi to peoe coming to Mexico is hat the eno Mexan foo .
Mexican fod h a t of tasty ishes rom different stes in th cuntr .
o eample , thr are a lot of American people ha do n't ke spicy food , and also , mst of te ti , could get angry abut the excessive amount of peper that h Mexican pople usuall us to prepare the fod .
As a piece of advice , I ould sggest you s f sauce wth les pepper .
In this wa , vistors wll be able to eny Mxican food wt less ppper and the sm delicio flavor tt is so characteistic of o country .
In conclusion , I have offered to importat pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along wit yo companio in oer to hve fun , n try to enjoy exicn foo , becus it is delicious !
Aft th Interet was invnte and revealed or the first time in Auust 29th 1969 , Scil Media Site ( MS ) is the nxt mo significant inovation tha hs artly replaced fe - to - ce cmmunication .
MS , such as aebook , send out 0,000 messages , and 7,000 Tweets a pbished on Twitt every 60 econds .
Unsurpriingly , the social consqences of Facebook and Ttter ay an imprtant role in commuication , regardless of distance or time .
Hoeer , eople wo use Facook , Twitter or SM in general , are not likely to hae their w ersonl pivcy a her is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
Ti ssay wi focus on e beefts an disadvatages of Facebook and Twitter , and lso comment t on potentil utur of thse impicatios .
Communicating ca be achied , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Titer .
The benefi of being coneced gloally to Facebo nd Twitr is that messages cn be transmite to reders almos instantly .
Firstly , Facebook d Tittr n be use when their users ar in an unpleasant mood , and where thr neativ eelings ar epessed .
Secondly , Faeook rovide the oporunity to remain in touch with the daily actvities of friends , maing observations aout relationsips , maintaining one 's n feeling within the network ( trugh wall posts , pokes , mesages , etc ) ( Oldmedw , Qui , & Kowrt , 2013 ) .
That is to say , hua behaviour on Facebok are interacted wi othrs by harin their oo , ad receiving responses .
Thirdly , Faeboo can be used as an organizatonal communication tol in business .
Kowledg about h memers increases continually , and moover , maintaining relation with other exitig members , an also sarig thr common iterests via e social netwok .
( Emerld Group Publishing , 20 ) .
Finaly , people are alowed to fllo anyone who they find enjyable through Twittr .
o instance , by following famous celerities , people can aily se all h daily activities hic are poste by them .
Hwever , d to tis , pople wh ar being ollowe , or users in general , ay have lss personal privacy , and ls , there is a high potential of eig deliberately aggressive toward someone .
However , inforaton whih appars on Faceok or Twter is easily accesible , so evybody can esily reson as it is a public opinion .

Mostly , Faebook uers xpec their fiens to respond or y attenio to what ty are doing .
In ac , along with agreable n pleaant ommets , there r also smll amounts of gressive and een racist comments .
First of all , eople can post y racist comments hih trge a peciic rop or pers .
Fr examle , after h premier of The Hunger Game w released , a a posted an oset racis tweet ying th they ere unhapp because ne of he ain actresses w a bla prso ( Rauch and Schanz , 13 ) .
Because of the acessible inforation throuh SMS , it has led to many prblem nvolved with cce - bllying , ccle - badgering , cycle - stalking bhavour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 00 ) .
r exampe , Krishna et al.(21 ) reports a ca of continuous harassmnt of a woan by a man cled Mr .
X " admitted to a ste psychiatric hosital after beg found t competent to snd trial on chrgs of staling , harassme , trespssing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potenially , Fcebook n Titte , and S in genera , my replace fa - to - face communication and improve their functions , becuse peple feel mre eedom or eny usg Facbook or Twtte without havin to see eac other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be onected and kee in touch wh friends within a scond , rather ha have to ll them .
The possble outcomes mgh be that the more time people spend on MS , the fewer communicative sils tey hae .
In adition , to dcrase te ris of gative commes or psts , Facebook and Twitter shoud improve thei futures by olving the personal privacy problem .
For example , controling what posts should be ent by adding more privacy opins .
owevr , dspite e usefulness of thee implications , people shod pay attetion to the fct that Facebook ad witte could affec their social life and avoid usig it most of te time .
In conclusion , e benefs of sig Facebook and Twitter are ta people ca communicate and be connected to their friend frequently .
Also , people can easil rduce their gative mod by sharing an expressing how they el .
In contrast , bcause Facebook nd Titter have been connected worldwide , protecting prsonal privacy is probaly impossible .
Possibly , ues migt express agresion toards each oher , beause of lack of pivay .
Photogrphy class for everyone
Intouction
Teenges are constany ifluenced by soial networks ike Facebook , Instagram , Pterest , c .
Photographs e ncuded on all of those sie .
Ao , thi phenomenon of taking potographs is part of r dail life , beause it is the bet way to captur special mmens ke birthdays , travel , speal occaios , c .
As a new college subject
This racice is onsiderd e of those activities tt anon c do without y kind of special preparation .
Howee , teaching students w to apply betr tehiques at the momt of tkig a picture should be cosiderd , ike lernig to draw .
Both slls are reqired in tday 's orl and need to be developed in the education sytem to the same evel .
The reasons
ecent sudes show that in t las twenty yers mor an 3,000 photographs hve ben tak per person in te world , especially in the latest generaion 's lie ( teenages an ks ) .
This increase is related to te overwelming development of tecnologies in computers , cmeras , celphones , et .
Al , photography is cnsiderd as a type of at , so it requires the nowedge of scial skills , techniques ad knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wndeful day ! It is April now and finally spring ha come .
A brigt su is shiig , te sno melt away in March .
h first spring birds have come bck fro he rm counres .
They are sging funny and bilding their nsts .
Pele oo happe .
They are eling tired after a lng soy wite .
We set u clocs forard one hour in March .
The British summertim was first introduced in England in 08 .
The day becom lnger ad th nhts et shorter nd lighter .
We usually set our clocks back an hor in October .
A ot of peol are happy , because hey n sleep ( o ) o hour more .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Although all sports elp u to have a healty lfe , hckey provides ou wit mor than just ben helhy or fi .
What r you thinkin of whenever u coose a sport ?
You think that your lifetyle will improve ?
We o re mistaken .
To do different nds of sports , yo need to be skilled or willing to t n things .
What if you do n't have a of hos requirements ?
Then you know hockey is he nswer .
Hockey is a ort I he played f man years and it urned ot to be my favorite .
It 's a good ay of learning how to communicate an or with people . To t it sipy ,
it 's a team sprt .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You hav to train fi days a ek n yu ned to cncentrat a lt .
On te the an , I enjo every econd of it .
Through all my life I hve wanted to imrov at this sport and ine 01 it ha become a lifestyle to me .
W would I recommend hi to you ?
It woud einitely help you to row an improve as a person .
Hockey will chan te w you see te world an you ll trt to see it wit diferent eyes .
So stop seaching for the right sprt . This one is or you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the bs means of transport for the evironment .
Althouh se peope make eough mne to buy their wn r , elecri a hybrid ar e re expnive tn traditional ne ( the ones that se ga or diesel ) so , people hoose these ones an tt 's why pollution is on of several issue that we ve to eal with .
Environmental cr is gainng strengh eey dy , from kids to elderly peope .
h government d many companies e measuing the C emissions which are bin prduced by industial or servc processes that re necessay for producing goods r socity 's consumption .
If peple did n't use public trnsporttion , they could wal , ide a be or uy a traditional c , and tht will probably happ when the estnation is far from the place where ou iv .
rm my ont of viw , publc trasportaton will be very importan in e future , specially in developed countries .
I hink the overnmnt should reue the fares on puli transportation . Tha could make people use blic transportation an protect te envionment fro CO2 emissions and preent gobal warming .
In Cslada , people are ll inormed about taking care the of envionment .
The city concil as conducted veral campaigns to mproe the awarenss of its itizns . For ample , children learn at school h to sprate waste .
There a many ecologcl islns .
Each of them s the or fr knds of bins d they re not as r as o hundd meters .
There have been several plantig campaigns to pnt tres ad to lea the river Jaama 's bnks .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , bcuse g owner are motly to ame .
Since 2008 , there are mn bke aths cros the city , so he citizens will be able to avoid using a ca n they wil ceate ess i pollution .
The organi aste is picked up evr day a plastic a paper waste is icked up every thr ay .
The mo important thing in envromental protecion is the educaion of cildren .
Ou plaet is in such a diffcult sitation that we have to take ve te problem .
A robem hich a caused by us , uan eings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effect .
My famly is very conscious of this problem , so we make ay effot to solve it .
We usually use public ransport , wic is grea quality in th iy were I live .
It works prfectly : it is always on time n the prce is reasnabe .
We live in a cttge and we ae several bin hich are cassifie according to the material we wnt to recyce .
Moreover , we run an organzation which pays peope h bring us t materials to recycle .
Te procees are given to several organiations wch take care of the nvironment .
My sist eaches people wa to do wh thins they wnt to get rid of , such as bottles or pap .
She is ale to make such beautiful jewellery ht lots of people are folowing her !
It sos ha tis ind of thing can have a send life .
As soon as h ast riv end , th southern bodr of Egy is here .
Th Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civlization , which is over 6 thousand years ld .
All histoians , researchers , scientists agree on ths .
And as for me , I totally spport teir pnt of vw .
Egypt is a in of river civilization in te huge Saara desert .
Throughot te , he Nl s been the ol source of water fr Egyptians .
Furtermor , the is in the water level on h rivr els eople to realize the possibility of epanding th ra of fertile lands .
Th Egyptians clled ter coury ' Black Ln ' to mar it off ro the ed il of the dert .
Nowadays , te dee and wde valley of h Nile has become the most impotnt rasport line fr Eypt .
Throug the centurie , people have ee exploring the natue of te Nl .
Te ancient Egyptians divided the year ito thr seasons comared to dry or t period .
They knew whn it would be the ' ren il ' or ' Red ile ' to sck up it clean aer .
But uch a hih levl of dvelopment of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as we as a positive .
A gat nube of dms wre bilt on e river that caused the disappearance of a ot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lt of Egypins still live far from the main water atery of e country an can ardly fn clean water to drink .
Bt I ope , as sn as Egp beces evelped , the goernment will py attention to the cologica problems that high lvel .
When most pele thi abo an imporan historical lae in Itay , thy tik of Duomo , in ilao .
But the Duo is t the mst important .
I am sure you 'll agre ta it 's h Colosseum .
For ceturis , this building has been h symol of this cy .
It 's quite ncint , u still fascinating for thouads of tourists , who come every ear .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who wa h Ran eperor .
It was used f shows with animals or humans , o wee kiled without pi .
In additio , aal ars were repesened in order to elebrate the Roman army .
It has been ruied hrugh the ages , ut ow people undestand s importance a take cr of it .
In my oinio , it is importa because it remids us of our pt d our traditios , ich we should n't forget .
Howeer , t all people a wre of it .
It 's ou strength d every tie I go beyond I eaize how ay peple succeeded in building it .
hat 's h it is iportant : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to flow ur dreams .
In hi fast movig world , transort h bome an important factor f evryday acivities .
Eerybod needs a mod of transport to earn their livn .
There is no point in sayn publ transport hs no futur .
Travelling by car is a convenient ode of transport , but ms of the popultion can ot afford it .
There are advntage d disadvanages to uing public transport .
Fisly , to discuss the bnefis of ublic transport , it is cheap n affordable for all classes of peol in sociey .
A nmbr of buses e provided by the government in rder to meet people 's financal means .
Usin public transport is a waste of time a the fat th there is no privac are some of t disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has its n adatages nd disadvantages .
o everybod can affrd a juney by cr as it is stly , t to disuss the benefits , one can ejy a high vel of privacy whie travelling and it is cnvenient
and sophisticated nd you can ravel faster .
To sm up , with it is not apropriate to say that there is no futur for public trsport bcause both have eual advatages and disadvantage .
Sometimes I thik that Taipei is too crowde .
There is no denying that the M in tis city is suc a convenient metrpoitan system .
Hwevr , during the rush hour , there r always such a ruin people ho hav no public awaness at all .
Th occupy o my sea , including piority seats .
Furthermore , mo of them r students .
They do n't rspec oth passegers , but jst keep laugig an teasing ea other , despite e fact that om people have told hem no to do is .
oreove , I thik tht providing seas for elderly people is lo a roblm .
Priority seats r reeved fo those wo ned the , nt ol elrly pple but also me adults need tem .
Somehow , you ca n't always identify whetr thir bodies fe uncomfrtale mere om ter appearanc , which lead to some misunderstanding between them .
Soe people even riticse he for ocupying the sats insta of ofering the seats to someone else .
Mreover , some o eople might take his considerate action fr grated a the migh eve comand young dults or students to ffr tir eat without maers !
In my opinion , e trasportatio in o city has nothing to crticize xect that .
Everyone huld develop tei awaness of public manners .
eevision is an important pat of modern culure .
We depend on television for entertainmen , educatin , ws d films .
TV a ay beneis :
Firsl , it enables yung people to share culturl expeinces with ther .
TV n act as a catalyst to ge ki reading - following up on TV programs by gttin books on te same subjes or reading authors whose wr s adapted for e programs .
Television can tech ks impornt valu and life ssons .
ductional programing ca delop young children 's sociaization n leaing skills .
Ns , current evet n historical programmi can el make young people moe awe of ther cuturs nd eple .
Documentries n hl evelop critical tnking abu soiey a the old .
TV can help introduce young people to clasic Hollywood fls and foreign movie tt they ght not otherwise s .
Cultura programming can oen up the world of music and t r youg people .
t telvision als hs negative efects : First of ll , chilrn w spend a rat dea of tie watching television et less exeise .
In additio , thee chidren receive le ocialiation th other children .
Teleison lo takes aay from amly time .
Ths is also rue fo families who eat in front of the tlevision .
I deal wt cosulting and sales of financial proucts ad services or an international bank , in th mass market d small business .
I follow te retionship with csomers fom acqisition of the dvic to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sale relationships in te intres of ustmer tisfaction
I have also worked ith large and sma eams in back - ffies , anaged many dmnistrative actiities related to mortgages , personal loans , conabiity a invstments .
I wore for several years on t acquisitio of new customr , to provde them with a comlet srice , from the account to insurance products , investent products , personal loans , revolig credit , a cross - selling poucts .
In mny ears of work , I have hond my skills in managing non - standard ituatios , aalzing the prble , findig n implementin practical and eas solutions .

I have face sever situations and alwas or with serenity an nthusiasm . I like to work in a ultiultural ad ynamc team .
I 'm careful to meet h goals of h team in which I wrk , copeating with lleagues to chive the goal by provding my skils , always being willing to larn , resectng other poin of view and indng ays to deal .
I hv wokd for the same large company fo 25 year , so , now is the time to cage and find ew job opportunities .
I need to work . My usand has en lving in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunie ur fmil .
I ike sports such as skiing , ridg and wimmig . I 've als got a rscue licence . I orke as a lieguard in the sume hle studying for the patent padi dive master
Nowdays we a op at ubic transport a save th orld .
en we se all the cars in our yard , when we t in traffic jams , we thn ha ne dy we wl have to leave or c and se pulic transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
But , prably , is situation is only he perid of development of transpot .
We are tol about a lot of innovtion in this sphere .
For instance , Google reported about Googlobile .
abe robs will be be to dive re iteligently than pople .
If they cotact eac other and ue Googlemp or somethig li tha , they ill be ae to void accidents on th roads .
So people wl be able to aid trffic am .
Not all people lke the da of Googlembil .
Som people thnk it mih tk aw their independence .
Bu other people think tt it is nt so bad an idea , because hy will be abl to rik in site of the fa tha tey ae drver at he moment .
Hoever , tere will always be peope wo ilike being a driver anyway .
And tere wil always be peop o hate pubc transport .
Te question is , which ort of peop have more mpact in the orld , d , fially , who ill deide ?
How my lauages do y eak ?
d yu ever thnk of lerning aoher foeign laguae ?
Or do ou ant to be a polyglot ?
Tody it is mile more iortant to lean a foreig lnuage ha before .
Thee are a few esons which show o wh it is important to learn a foreign laguae today .
irt , if yo r planning to rvel to another countr , it is really useful to speak e local language , it maks or trip eair and more comfortable .
Second , or finding a goo b opportunity , the business exchange is icreasing at the international lel . If o seak a foeign language , certainly it adds some vle to yur prfil and ou can get a ighr salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , ou do n't onl learn a languag , at the same tme u are aso getting to know s culture , ettng to know a differen cltre and society diferent han your . It enriches yo nowledge .
Ov the ear , there are mor a mre terrible incidents happening around e world .
From newspapers , mgzines , een foreign meia , we can easily figue out tha or enviroment is chaning seveely .
Many scientits infer ht peole 's ive wil change dramatically in the nx 50 years bcause of human ' grd .
Humn always desire to have a more convenient and comforable lfe , u orget to protec and cherih the Earth at h same time .
Technologically dvaned countries hve cleared a geat number of foets and land to buld tal buildings .
Various fatoies ei excssive cron dioxde into the i .
A the examples abve will increase the temeature and make the Eth hotr and hoter .
The hger the temperature nrease , e wore he quality of le is .
If people aound t ord do n't t more emphass on ou atura nvionment , we will have a ak and hopeless uture .
Due to climate change , e wether is so hot tt people cul even have a waer shortage .
Wthout enough water , pople 's boies wil beome weak ad roug .
In hi situation , instead of laughter and happiness , ther will be more fghting , hatred nd sadness .
Everyone will live in despi , but be unable to find th entace to brightness .
Thse terble consquenes are casd by the mans ' unsatsfed hearts .
Friends , from now , le us be the ones to protect n ak care of our Eth !
It ws dangerous , bu I knw I had to do it .
Undercover wo is very ha , not just because o will work with dangrous people , the ra danger is if you g discovred .
When popl find o tt the hav been deceived , that thir trus was betrayed , hed ill ll .
Yu have to be pecise , fast , and a really ood ctor .
The passion for te cse is e k to survvng .
It is just something that I ha to do , not ou , not r , me .
I did n't chose that . This o hoe me .
ea i or Madam ,
I woud like to apply or the position of bah lieguad assisant which I w advertised .
For the las o yes , I have be a membr of the swimming group at e nivrsity .
I anage to win many competitions in ths country and abroad .
I beieve I am a suitable canidate for ts st , considering the swimming skills I hv .
On the ote hand , I compleed the first aid curse , in the Red Crs .
e job would gi me te opportunity to use all e experience I have gained ad , what is more , it would provide me with new kowlede .
Ples do t hesitate to conact me if you shuld rquir frther inforaion .
I am avaiabl to tted an interview at your convenience .
I look orwad to eaing fo you
Yurs athfully ,
ebastián Hernándz
In our mder world , an pople are sffering ro stress that sprgs from life conditions .
In aditin to tis , eope are wrkig in vr stressul wrklaces and they want to leave this condton ding olidays .
Therefore , it can be said tht oliays are t be ption for eole to renew te soul and revive he sirit .
Duri holdas , pole an get away from daily problems an also can spnd more time with their finds and faly .
In thi resect , ny eople pefer to go to naual plces wih thei failies in order to forget about ba situatns in their lives .
Fr example , walin by the easde or swimming in t a can be helpful to forget hard lie conditions .
On te on an , hoiays e he best r people in ems of thking clearl about thr xpeiences in le .
Pole can review their decisions ding holidays mo accurately a helpfully .
For instance , in srssful life conditions people can ke b decisions abou their future .
Besde , people understimat emotioal feling in her wrplaces .
Te eaon is that peole ust comple heir tas in order to ear oe money to mantain teir lives and they forget bout these eotional eelings such as love , helpig peopl or thinking spiitul thougs .
It can be clearly seen that during holiday people et lose and tey remember teir feelings .
For eamle , peole ee heir relatives that they haven't een fo a long time .
At the same ie , eopl have a chace to go to sacred places in ordr to rnw heir spirts nd souls .
They n pray to o n it is a relief for people .
hen people remember tese emotonl ad spirtual ubject hey n become more hpy . This is ecause people nee to leave the material wor .
Dring holidys , eope hve time to evew heir mitakes tt lead to a stresful if .
In concusion , hlidas re ver suitable for peop to heal their proems ad stressful lfe conditions .
As , holidays ar ry helpful ds to eviv th spirit and the sol because pepl have a chance to e way rm moden life , which is full of ateial sbjects .
Cycling to school , to wok or to do any thr activity is o a common habit in Spain .
Howeve , e govenmnt a t lcal councils of big cies uch as Mard or Valencia a tryig their bst to proote this movement because they onsder it a way of deeloping .
On the one hand , tere ar my benefits to cycing .
irstl , it reduces traffic jms , noise nd polltio , as wl as lowering CO2 missions .
Frthermore , it turns ut to be h quickest mod of transport .
On the her hand , there ar so issues suh as th increae of danger on he roas .
Satistically , ccling is genally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
nothe disdvantae is the weather .
Getting wet hn it rains , havng to make a ot of effrt to ycle to a strong wind , freezing weather or having to ep drinking durng hot weate .
From my point of view , cycling conributs to imroing community sirit and it is pssibl to look f solutis to face the disadvantages of thi actity .
No one cn ey that travelling by c is much mre convenient hn travelling by publi transport .
For example , people taking their car do not eed to pend tim waiting fo the us or suway .
Ad this undesiabl aiting time might not be so short during hldays , u to less frquent sceules .
Also , we can drive a car to any plce where the public tranpot is perhaps not able to ech .
When he s is croded , we hae to stand , making us more ehausted , especially over a on istance .
Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned aboe , te avantages of travelling by pulc trasort should o be ignored .
First , public transport is good r the environment compare to private cars .
As we all knw , te more passengers use ublc transport , the es car exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , evera studies ae how evidce tat there is a strng reationhip btwen car exhaust and lung cner .
In oter ord , public tanport plays an imprtant rol in protecting humn beins from suffering diseases and saves lives .
ecod , public tranprt saves city space .
As ore n more people choose to lie in cites , nowday , our itis are becoing larger d ore crowded .
Corresondingly , the space fr ech erson is becoming more limited than efore .
If every ciizen ons a car a us it rater han public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose hat u streets wil become a car park nd everyone will spend more te in congestion .
Last u nt leat , pbic transport allows pepe to do othe hngs which re impossible hn driving .
riers have to continuousl pay attention to surroudings , resulting in a tense mo .
o a passenger , however , travelling is completely reling .
People ca listen to music , take a pon cl wih a friend , red a fascinating book or jst look at the scenery .
hough there are mny dvantages tor ublic rasport , that does nt mean tt ublic transport is the best choice for very situation .
E.g. , it offers less lexiility ha cars , and is less environmentally friedl than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to coclude ta one mode of transprt can replace others .
It is better that eople are awe of thr po d cns an choose a uitble ne .
Languages or e ture
hould we learn other anguges ?
We li in a world that changes day to a a peope need to deveo thi skills and overcome .
I think there are ny reasons to earn languages .
On the oe hd , it ould allow you to comunicte it popl , get to kw different cultures d travel arnd h world without he lnguage barer .
Als , in rent years expressing yourself in English , Frech , German and Russian ha becae something essenial in or lvs to fi a jo .
I hink a great diadvntage is he price of the course .
Also , I tik tha it tnds to be ar and takes time away fom doin any ote thins .
It ses to me hat young eple should spend more tme studying languages ecause it will be profitable in e future , bu to achie it they wll have to be motivated and to enjoy earning .
r francisco xvier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 01
Dea USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in esonse to your advertisement for a job .
I ha had a part - tie jo as a babytter and I tae ae of my 11-year - o brother very oftn .
I he wrked in an Easter cmp o , ad I ae leady organised a o of activities , lke " rappel " , paintball ...
It is f tes rsons I tik I av the kills for the jb .
I can be contacted for a meetg at the aove adres .
I hpe you conidr me or the jo , rdrigo
Today , I went to inni 's house with Ariana in t afternoon .
We at delicious ood n play itresting games togther .
We h a great tie .
At 2 o'clock in the afterno , we arrived at nnie 's houe .
First , we listened to some sons , such as " Almost " and " Big B World " .
fte thirt minue , we a t .
Winn eally loves eatig , so I can eaily find a o of ood at her house .
We d moth - watering strawberry ckes a uicy aple juice f e and they were extemey yummy .
After having tea , we plyd hde - and - eek together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hi ehid a bnh ad Wnni looked for us .
Suddnly , innie fel ve a itle stne .
Adriana nd I imedately went to her and picked r up . '
Your ne is bleding .
Are yu oky ' , I asked .
I was shaking like a af d my heart as pounding becaus I a wrred bout Winie .
I h utterflis in my soach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' innie rplied .
I fet relieved hn .
Then , Ariana found a later a pu it on Winni 's won .
Winni felt rm inside and smiled happily .
I et happy today , although Winnie ht herself .
h ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
at an unforgettale da !
In my opinion , the house of the futue will be bett .
The hoe of te future will be b and bright .
Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
Big spaces will be divided in a e zones .
elaxaion , earnng , kitchen zones , and so on .
In the ous of the future , tee will be autmatic curtins reacting to he liht in evey houe .
Television wl be cordless , as thi w as at esent nernet .
Eey house will be exible .
Thanks to ha , it can pand or cotact .
Everything depeds on the number of peopl .
wimming is my avourite port .
Why do I like swimming ?
We , swimmg s lway been an Olympic sort , it is an individual spor , so it depends entirely on e wimmer 's efforts , but you can lo enjoy teamwork wh you participate in swimming competitons .
It is a srt that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any g , b cilren c start to earn to im as earl as two yars of age .
Simmig has different yles ; dolphin , rawl , backstroke an beast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weht reducion if you are obese n eed to reduce yur weight . It is aso the best sport r athmatic ptients , becaus it strengthens th hst muscles n decreases the vulnerabilty of those patiens to respiratory inections .
If o an to start to arn to im , choose a place that a an experienced coach , and tr to be part of a group of your own age .
Hello ul ,
I njoed helping at h concert in Antaya in Otober .
I h a grea time wit people working as a lper at th oncrt .
I got a lo of exerience fo th .
During a concert everybody c enj , temseves ut nobod thinks about o they prepare for a cocrt .
I saw so may iteresting thins durng e preparation me .
Fo example , thy kn everything about ach helpr 's jobs , but at te same tme , hey are just conerned but their own subjects .
I an to xplain to u some interesting pat of my eperence .
On he morning of t concert , we wee excited nd thinking abou h concert and we decided not to think abt te coner but ut do our jbs which we would be givn .
Whn we were araning the cncet pln we id work aring for ll of us .
me of them started esgning the stage , som of hem checking sound volume an lights .
My job was checking t sog li wic singers wod perfr .
I think it s the most difficut pr of h concet becaue of t singers .
Te wer alwys wanting to chage some songs which were on t ist .
During the cncer , I a really worrid that something woul happen suddnly .
tually , everybody was woried because ey ha gie heir ime and effrt for it .
Finally , th oncert started n ll the lights were shinig like stars .
It is difficult to escribe that feeling .
Whe he concert finished , I felt lke a bird flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my legs because I as tanding all the tie .
Hweer , I like to be a vonteer on enyable pojects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , wch wl be next month . If you have an time , please come an e ow we prepare for th concert .
I am witig for yur email .
e ou !
Tehology is chging te wa we live in ay wa and hw we rcive d s information is prbably the mos affected .
Regaring advertising , technology is havi a huge and not lwas positive impact on outdoor dvertising .
ro black - and - whit d psed in public places , we hve moved to practically ving suroundd by otoor ads placed in ery aaiable n imgiable spot .
From buildings it enormous and brigh crees to interactive bus so signs .
Te ecnt devlopment in mobile technology alw advertisers to offr personalie advertising to ea of us .
I 'm ur ht in te very near futre , if I have been looig or restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mole at hm , on my wy to wor t ads on the bue I see - which of course will be screens and ot printed paper - will ho images of Mallorca , or an ad frm tripadvisor wth Mallorca in it .
It wll it me sometimes , and it will eve be seful , t I 'm also ue sometimes I ill find it gressive .
T ay it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my twn and fnd it ful of brigt screens , no mater w beautifl or artisti t pictures dispaed ar .
Advertising ight be consideed an r , or at let soe pieces ae really artistic , but plcd in e wong pot or sown at h rog ie , hey los her artist id .
But , tecnolog is here fo better or worse , and we have to learn to da with it t best we can .
If I cold change one thing in my life , I would lke to change my house .
I 'd ike to have a big detached huse in h suburbs of Artem or Vladivook .
So tha I cold ive mor freely d indepedenty .
If I hd hi hous , I woul decrae it in a odrn stye .
I wuld build there a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming ol .
If I ad suc a house , I wuld like to insta a barbeu ara in my garen .
I could invt my friends and relaive .
Togeter we cou spend te in a pleasant atmosphere .
hen it coes to my faorte spo , tenis il alys be my answer .
Toug I am a eginnr at it , I thnk it 's nteresting inc it requies a lot of sklls to be a master of it , whh ouds vry challenging .
When I fl tresed t , I away ly tenis to eleae my pressue .
If ou a a begnner at tennis , my advice is tt you ned to get a uitable racket firt .
As e prove goe : If you nt to learn something wl , you will need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Nt , yu re rqured to learn ever basi sill step by step .
ice tnni requires lot of basic skills , if yu do n't learn the important techiques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during pacice .
Finly , fndng a good teacher is as critical .
A skiled coach can teac y the best skills of tnni .
Do we ae better television than a few decade g ?
Do we hve enogh choices on h sreen ?
Can yo imine ving only tw channels nd n playing the whole a ?
That ws on 30 years o .
An xploson of channes arrived in our houses in te eighties .
In his rport we wi se sme characteristics of oday 's television .
T umbr of channels is gradually decreasing
In our counry , ne cade o , hen digital TV arrie , a lot of n channels flourished .
All TV channels tried to get several licences to distribute the shows .
In der to resolve me budget deficits . Toa here ar manly wo TV groups .
Fer chanel mean fewer choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It oss less money and you can oose exactly te moment , where d with wo , to watch th or tht television program .
You just follow a suggestion mae by smeone .
Yo jt cck on it .
They have to edce their budget
Desie changing chnnels , we see h sme news .
B broadcasting grups ar used by all of he .
It is expensive to kep jounaists nd cameramen al aroud he world .
It is chaper to by it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to comee with the Iternet .
Nwadays , ny nainal or nernational bradcastig grops can be in h competition .
Perhaps political reasons help to antain sh a budge deficit .
owever , h fc is th hee is a countdown on them .
De Mrs Hopkins ,
I ae see you advertisement in he newspaper and I am writing to eprss an interest
to joining your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-yar - old student fr Switzerland seakig German , French n English and I am keen on travelling .
Fom severl trips to man countris I hav made so fa , I wol s that I alredy av some experience of travelling arod he wo .
I am interested in joing your roup , because I like mting n people from oth countries and I would like to explore new ountries around the worl .
r te years I have been in a scout group in which I av learnt a lot abut diffent wa to fid t way or to orintae myef in the wilderness .
Fuhermore , I feel suitble to oin yu goup becaus I like travelling and I would lie to be a par of your adventure .
I ok fowad to harin from yo .
Dear Steve ,
It as gd to ar from y .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as osible . I an , no oly the nglsh anguag but as to find out more aot your culture d visi nice places in yor country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay fo tis trp on my own , so my faher will p up me moey to hl me .
u I wana in a jb to he him ith the bills .
n you give me a ad wi ha ?
You an also help me to fid a hea place to ent .
It wll be hlpful if you foun a sall apartmnt near Cambride Univesity whe I 'll be udying English fr 5 onths .
Thank r l your help ad I ok forward to hearing fom you .
Bet ises
João Matos
Hi Joh ,
I am looking forward to seeing o .
Fst of all , you hould go out of the airport terminal .
Ther you will e us stops in the street .
When you get ter take the bus wch has uber 111 .
Then ride to th bu to " Zlčín " .
There you can gt to the unerground stain a travel to e centre of Prae .
If yo cose this a , I 'll call y in the oning to tell yo whre exacly we will meet .
But , if I ere you , I would take a taxi beause he undergroun is quit bori , ut it is cheaper .
Anyway , you ned to get to he centre . I 'll wai for you there .
Finally , the water orecast fr next monh looks pleaant , as is usu at this ie of year .
Tat 's w you do n't have to bing wa clothes .
I am delghte to be seing you oo .
Best wishes ,
Jco
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because al peple need a relaxing momet in orer to do work beter than before .
Firtly , we can discuss t tpe of fod we want to a .
Actually , students at a l of fast food while thy are stuying at univerity , beause hey do n't have time to ook food . Fo these reason , I think that e best rsturant is somewher whee they do ho - mae od , ad a od iea fo the mai crse is : baked ptatos , steame vegetables an , fr dsert , apple ca .
On te ther had , we are studying architecure . Mae we should cose a special resaurant , ie a charming and comfortable restaurant with a t of windows , wth a ite hair , tab and wall , a me or les elaxing environment . But the atmosphere is vy imprtant for dier , and I think that we should vote on ts , because we ill have a good night or not eending on the type of atmosphee we choose .
In coclsion , I think th hs te of food nd atmosphere is vry od f us , bcase nrmally we speak abu books , work and studies , wheea th his type of environment , we a speak abt ourselves , our family , ur hobbies , and everyone wil get to know someting ew about ote classmates .
I would like to go to Foser 's Hollywood .
I ove he od her ad I think my clasmates ill too .
You can t the best burgs yu av ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicos .
I do no knw how they make and cok tem .
These burgers ar my favourite fod ecaus they are aming .
I c ot ay ha they are like bause you have to tase tem .
It is a flavour simla to being in eaven or in aadise .
I reommend you to go to this resaurant nd you wll definitel lve with a vey od flavour in your mout an a huge mile on or face .
You wil wan to go ak anothe time .
However , if you do no ie burgers , you can ea whever American fo you want and y wil get the sae fntastic eperiene as a person w h eaten another mel .
Public tansport pays an impotnt role in ou modern - y les .
Mo thn a billin peole use buses , taxi nd trains etc , as tourists , for work , o meeting relatives , ging to shool etc .
May vn se cars .
Togh traveling by car is more convenient , it is expeive .
Tha is because th co of etol , dies and gas is qte igh in most of the countries of t world .
While tavellin by public transport n save a lot of money in t following ways :
1 . Pple can save e money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As the have scific routes acos the country , to , city nd villages , it elp people to send less in sho or restaurats on hgways or even insid te city etc .
I disagree wh th statement abe because , in te future , we are likely to have only wo clases in sciety : the rich and the or .
he middle class is dsappearing ad becomig scarce day by a .
It is becuse of ig tax on gos .
So , I beliee we will ither have public tranport or people will be as they were in te stone g .
Pblic transport is ev oo r our envronmet compared to cars .
Nowadys , people have ifferent views aout reading boo n wching moies .
Some of them think that books are moe interesting than their film versons .
I gree wh this point of viw .
I tnd to thnk tht hre is nothing bete tn reading a bok .
Fstly , reading helps you to become a well educaed person n ivs you a chance to develop our kwledge .
That 's because while u are reading o ar gtting a piece of inforaton .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When o are reaing , a picture of wa is happenng apear in your mind .
Yo c imagine what heoe lok lik , o c imagine difrent scenes whee the acio taks pla .
n finally , I think it 's ey imptant tat you can easily ae your boo ith you and start readin nytime y wt .
On the other hd , if you like being in omany , the best thing fr y is moies .
Because you can watch them with our fiends .
Also , any people coos moves because he ie soundtras and special ffect .
It 's so exiting .
u l thes factors are not imrtant to me .
I tink tat boks ae better tan their film versions .
To sum up , I 'd li to say ha reading is a really ret thng .
A irl wa walking home one day .
She was with h mum . .
S s just a yong beauful girl !
So , they wer going home wn te girl otied a cute doll in a sho .
h d blond hair and she was wearig a be dress , hite gloves nd lack hes .
Jut lk her ... ''Mum I ve ti dl ! Culd you y it or me ? '' h ai .
Her m cold n't fuse her , so s bought it .
Oh!h gl hd so ay special omens th her do ! ! The lookd so adrable together ! They were like wins !
After some years , he girl dided that she d to ov .
e ws eighteen ear old , she ad to be independen .
So sh tok a deep breath nd put e doll in e attic , st ik hr childhoo memories .
At ight sh hard some repy noises from there ...
She en there nd tere was te dol with a knife in her an . ' ' Bell , why do n't u pla wth me anymore ? Are you bred of me ? Js becaus I have only n eye ? ut o removed te ter one .
Just ecase I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you id it agai ! '' she creamd .
d then ...
Next a , gong om , her mum wantd to fid hr daughtr .
So , he en upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in er neck nd on e wall there s a senence , ' ' W did you eav me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
You ust hav to al wi the ga .
You can choose lots of pace to play .
u need a gd pair of sos , a tennis racke n some bals d a person to play with .
Although ou miht be good at plyig bachan or orehad , y n lse in the end .
hs spot is not just about physial power .
You r suposd to use your brain as well .
It is a combinatin of pyscal power , tecniqu n mental poer .
Lie other sprs , tennis is gettn more mode , fater a more commercial .
I ean prfessionl tnnis .
So chlren want to ly tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of ter parents .
It is n air .
Children should play aes , t jus tenis , because it is fun , it develops their klls , helps physical ealth d so on .
o can star if ou are grown up anyway .
It is never o late .
You can eitr find a professional coac or just join you frien .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Anra Cocc , I 'm sixteen , and I saw e advertisement for t eekend work in yur cafe , and I 'm inteested in wokig wit you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work . In ct , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Ialin , nd o us fod is everything .
In Ial , I attend a shool for waters and cooks , an sometimes I oo lasagna , pasta , piz d many oth specialties of my country , and I have ben employed in man famous restaurants .
I 'm ls good at dealing with peop . In fact , since hn I s oungr , I was the aimato at the summr cm of lpignno , the ity where I livd , and I spent a o of time with children and adults .
I als wokd or may thate cmpanies n I am so good n kind we I talk with other peopl , inuding if I do n't ow them .
Finally , I 'm as repared to work long hur . Wen I wore with my ant in hr af , I ored from eig a.m. n I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficul but I did it every a .
I look forrd to hearing from you so ,
Andrea Ccci
ssa
In tody 's essay I am oig to ocus on th ro n con of studying English abroa .
Is it real woth lavng your w counr for a perio of ie to study English ?
It is ue tha ging abroad ca on nw int of views about your ow laning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , bcause ou will be able to jud ow ll or badly yu are ding .
Besis , it can be fun n njoyable if ou lan it properly .
owevr , u will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will no be aranteed to achieve ou gals at al , so it cou become a real nihtare if o do not focus on our learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think t advantages otwigh the disadvantages , esecially if you have some money sav o it .
But if o do not , ther is always anoher solution , whh is using he Internet to learn everythng you ned .
You an ve talk with native speakers by usi some Chat Rooms nline ch as Skp and others .
Football , a assion
When I wa little , I ried a o of sprs ; handball , swiming , tennis , but my avouite sport is not one of thoe , it is a sport that I could evr imagine : football .
All my fe I thought tat fotball wa a sport wch was for men , not r girls . Bu oc I ied it , I ovd it .
Have yu ever hougt bou playing football ?
At frt , when I started to pla football , I id it ith my lassmates , o were all os , so I se to fee a litle bit unomforable . Hower , some years ag , they started to iclude me when they played , nd nowadays , I oe playing fooball wih them .
Nw some other woe ad I ha started to organize feme matches , so I am mr sed to playing wit girls . I eer imagined ha I a going to be so kn on footbal , u no it is rt of my li .
I thnk football is a very exciting sport , a ta eveybod in the world soul y it at leas once in his or her lfe .
Oe thin o sould keep in mn if you nt to pla footall , is that you have to be ready to receive se punches .
I recommend a geat resaurat which is in the shopping cenr .
I ave en there tic , nd I lik it .
ts name is " The English oen " , and it 's a fantastic , traditina and modern estaurant wth Brtih food .
The service is excellent d h waiters are so pleasant and id .
The nteror is big , so all the class could be inside without problems .
he decoration is modrn and ozy , and it 's o some great traditioal Briish objects .
The fd is one of the best higs in h restarnt n is alays tasty and fresh .
The've got a lot of diferent ises , traditional n modern .
The hav lso got a lot of dffeent types of salads , pasa an pizzas .
The desserts are very good o .
They 've got original one , like sweet pizza , and raitional desert .
hre is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is not t expensive , which is perfec f us , bcuse we do n't wat to sped too uch money .
The resturant is in he shopping center , so we a t there by bus or by train .
I thi th is the bes rstaurnt to go to at e end of the orse , so we could book some tables as soo as possible becas a lot of people sully go tere .
Te meia acompan fmou eople , such as politicians and flm tars thoughout their whle liv .
In my view , public fires deserve to hae their ow lfe , without ben otographed .
On on hand , bcoming a ubic figure is assoiate with journalists , mass - media , flashe .
Famos peple e bligated to liv their les in an exemplary way .
owevr , they are still ordinr people , ad tey mke mistakes .
People r thought to be jealous .
They notice an kind of failur .
It sems to me tat journalsts mih be absolutey toic nd they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through th prism of journalistic documentary .
On the ther hand , mny stars sell teir pivacy to earn more and more oney .
The vlue of tei lent and abiities is measured in the aoun of tabloids scndals .
Sumng up , al over the world , there ae famous peopl ho do n't bring their lie into the imelight .
It as alwys been vy usefl since a lon ti ag . Nevertheless , nowadays , there r some people wo a whether if pblic traspot was suppressed , society would save a lot of mone .
Hweve , people shoud think about e great advantges , ch as : peopl save money ; it is very connient and ood r h nvirnment .
Firtl , t main reason is th ot , eause people who do not have a c eed to tael or commute to another plac a a c is very expnsive .
Cas need to be reaird . Beids , if y hve a car , o have to y some xes .
In addition , these people nee to have pbic transport for travelin around the cntry d ciy .
Secondly , anher reason is glba armin , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you ue puli transport , ou ca cus less pollution than befor , beause there are a o of peopl who travel togete in only n ehicle .
Finly , the lat reasn is convenenc , because if y have a ca , it is so difficul to fn a pakng spae in the centre of te city .
Besides , in soe citis , car can not be prked in soe plcs , such as te old city nd te city centre .
Summing up , people are aare of global warming nd hink abut the high cost of hain a ca .
Personally , I have o used to walking around my city and my car is only ued if I trave aoun the country .
We are liin in an ever changing word .
ody 's nw things becom things of he past in a few mnths .
ae the example of mobe technology . Yr latest hndse , with the laes configurations becoms outdated ithi a few mnths of buying it .
50 years is a very long time a peol 's lives will definitely change in ch a long period .
Hoeer , the impotant poin to discuss is heher it wll be a positive cang or a negatve one .
In h last 50 years , science a technology oo gret leap ; e interne a mobiles made us oe connected .
Today , we have all t informtion at our fingerts .
Toy , we do n't ne to worry about getting lo in a nw place . Googe maps is lways ere to hl .
We do n't ed to memorise Eglis words today , as we n quickly find the meaning of ny word on or moils .
Meeting ew peope or eling your proucts , o do n't need to be in fnt of anyone , evrythin n be managed troug virtual laforms .
Today o lives have become uc mor comfortable tha in t past , thanks to the progress manknd a mde through technolog .
On the other hand , terorim , lobal warming and red ha become th top challngs of tday 's world .
Clate ange ue to globl warmin causing natural dsasters o and then .
Trroist activities causing havo in public lif .
h corupion ad greed of people in owr makng it difficult to trus peopl 's leaders .
If thse challenges are not addressed in the comng years , imagining beter les or people 50 ers hnc is rather dificult .
We need to remember technoloy is just a to . In th right nds it wil be a bon o us , but in he wng hds it has the per to destroy te orl as we know it tod .
To hom it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl o 's studying to improve e English . I 've g a positive d energetc personality .
I ead your advertiseet on our website and I immediately thught " That 's o me , I 'm the rht perso for this kin of o ! " .
Perhaps o 're wondering wh I should be th riht person .
Tht 's as .
I 'm a tivated , fexibl and open - minded person and I he hd a lo of eperienc in is field , as well .
I 've worked as a scial traer and as an educaor since I as 16 .
I le doing social actvities ad planning event .
Wen I rked as an eucatr , I usd to plan and manae some sors n outoor activitis .
I hv really great emorie of these experiences n I wou really ike to relive them .
If you are interested , lese hav a look at my CV .
As you reuested , I attach it to hi lettr .
st regars .
Personaly , mobile phes are very important in my lf .
I nee tha dvce ne me because I hae three children n I at to knw how and whe they a .
The same with my parents ; they are old an sometimes they call me to talk about their heat .
Cocernin vdo - games , I agree wt scientists that think it helps children 's brain to develp , but it is importat to upevise the , because hre are a lo of violent games .
However , there are brilliant gmes for cidren .
In my opinion , te Inernet is absolutely a revolution in crrent society .
It is vry common to use the Internet in my work , for research , or gool iformation nd also connect with other techers , seak about cours and exchange inormation .
Finly , I think technological developent mk us improve for te future .
Friends should be ke a show always beide you .
In tim of jy d sorrow .
othig is imossible in life , b it is n asy to find sicee frinds .
Tt does o mea yo will eve find n .
It is vey imprtant to intera an scialise wih people to make a friend .
h more people yo mee , the eaier it wll bcome for y to nd a friend .
hen you find oe , spend tme with thm , share views , das d go t with thm .
Fends do not ave to agree ih everyting you ay , ut they should share their vie about it .
T Gurdian is a British daiy newspaper whih inlues natinl and international news .
Y ca find a variet of article , sh as politics , Bsines an Money , sports , ultur , eductio , Life d sye , Travel , t weather and the environment .
The ar plenty of advertiements for jobs and onations to lp individuals .
Reader are abe to xpres teir opinion freel .
hy use goo quality Enlish which avoids san .
As a resut , it is stable for students who learn English Language to improve ther Eglih .
On the oer hand , I rlised there were two dsadvantages .
Fr example , it is not suitable fo chldrn due to fficil anuage . Ther wee also a hue nuer of commercials advrtsements hich make t readers bred .
Overall , e Guardian is onsideed one of t st newspaer in the old .
oadays , in te modern and rogressve orld where peopl are smt and the ecoomy ve highly eveloped .
Some people tik that we need tblt compters insted of boo
In my opiio , the problem is very interesting .
Sometie , when I am waching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I otice tha gaets have ecoe ry usel in ur ife . It eem to me to be good opprtunites to mae u ie easer .
Also , the make us cleverer .
I am convinced that using tablet computrs in or eryday life is good .
People do o ned to carry a o of books in a b . uil can n say tat he forgot a boo ecause he hs ll s ooks on is alet cmputer .
Sm people tik tht it is a bad idea .
They blieve at it is a useless tig for our geeration .
Such people re sure ha electroni things mk us stupid .
They inst on no uin blets at scol .
Personally , for me , I lie books very ch . When I am at home , I e books ecaus I ie to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not gre with he people who think that ables are useless .
We should s thm b we must not oget abot bos .
In coclsion , I wan to say that we should keep abreast of ne chnologies ad r to mk our lives easie .
h g itake
This day was full of o ad happnes , but somethig ent wong when she tld h that she was pregnnt .
She w so happy aou his news ad sh thought that he wold be happy as well , b ...
At the mome when she od him tha she was pregant , he ut frozen .
It was too much r m .
He thought it was aser to walk away and voi ths conversation with her .
He tried to understand what ws going on wh him .
It as weird o many questions and doubts ca into his ha .
One part of him was reall happy , because to be a father was n of i bggest drea , u on the ohe ad , he cou n't hande th news .
Ts wan , who was standing next to im , was hs grlfiend , hi fture wife .
He should be happy and hug he a celebrate this good ne .
But somehow he dd n't fl nything .
All that he flt as axiety .
He oud n't hande e eeling , when e tried to toh him , to ks n h im .
He knew ta h loved him as much as he loved h , t everything was ut all wron at this moment .
Hr voice , he mle and even h body was won on this moment .
S could n't undrtand wt s going on , because it s ju three weeks go ht th ad a conversation about kd ad faily and he said hat he would like to hve kids wih her .
nd now , he was just voiding her and he s ot apy but the ew .
It s a big me .
She w re tha appy and he could n't handle ti es .
They both knew that te loved each her and th cared about each other , b it was too much for m .
He stod up a si to his grlfiend tha he eded a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed t doo and knew at tat moment he ha me a mitke .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourte sport and h I enoy the ort .
In fact , I do ot like to do sorts all the tim , but if I realy eed do some eercse , I lke to go swming in th simming pool .
Firstly , I thnk e simmig pool is clearing .
For xampl , afer swiming , I hve a sf d a bathroom to ta a shor .
Secondly , I do t like to go to the bach . This is bease I do not le brigh unshine and an .
Third , swmmin in the oean is more dangerous .
However , I ike to ay in the swimming pl drin the umer .
Actually , I do ot nw how to swim , but it is my favrte prt .
Moreover , I think bfor doing a kin of sports we shou do som exercises . ha is because we ed to relax or odes irst . If we do t do tht we will g danerous while we r doing a sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to chose one kin of sprt in or life d almost al people need to do it , as we should o sa at home or wo all the time .
Even if y really do not like to do exercise , yu can go shopping .
e purpose of this report is to outline t most importnt actions which hae ben taken in u twn to prtec e environmnt as the mai issue to imprve our qulty of life .
In t first place , we need to py attenion to he ac that Caceres is loated in a pasture area where local farmers hav been beeding sheep , cos and pigs f centries in spite of he hrd weather codtions ch as hig tempertues and terrle drought in sumer .
As a result , our ater resource are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necesry to maintain acti campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importane of reasonable use of it .
e local govenment is also king serious acion aimed at creating gren ara in different placs in or arond e twn whre citizens n spend thir fre time or ev do sports .
at 's the rson wy it as been rking on th recvery of som areas which e nw paks or recreatonal areas .
Finaly , th town s also improved the management and treatment of waste th e active cooeraion of most of the citizes , wh r really onerned about th rcyclng of waste .
In ct , aund 90% of Caceres inhabitants ar sid to sort d ecyle their ubish , taking it out to the ello , green n blue containers in every sret .
nd that is a negatve oit . These dumpster ae o visible in on an it wou be avisabe to exhang the ones we he fo derground on .
I woke up oay d I suddenly remembered that I a doin a presenttion bot landscapes , and th ones hat did it would be rewaded with a bous point , ut anwys , is is n't importat information .
I earched fo my family in te hose and the as no one at hme , just me .
I got a it scared , so I searched r them outsie in the strets .
I did n't know that a bomb ha hi the city and killed amost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
I tnk the reason h I dd n't know abou the expsion is ecaus this part where I live is a very or area and it 's o tha beautiful , so you ca n't dstinguish where te explosion ht .
Finally , after me days , I ound so neighbors wth some foo . I as starving to deth , so I te a ot .
We mad some decisions about ls , ut ther wa totl conflict , because the gro noticed tat some food was missing someho .
I thin that someone wa stealing some of te food in the night while erybody w sleping .
So everybody is going to t to enforce te law .
The next moring , I a a pece of steak ad the gou s takig about some creatres tht ere walking arnd seekig to kill ad eat us .
In the night , I wa thinking out ny this he I heard som noises .
I stlkd him and it semd that tis u had a mp .
I stopped i and we he turned aroud it was a wman from e grou .
We were alkng about hs when a dog came ner ; it wa adorable , but suddenly he haged into a g weird creature .
He i my leg and it hurt a t . We tried to alert he others but it was too late ; it ws te group or us .
We sa that beast eati o friends n th fd .
In some ways , the fact tha he stole h food in he night and I woe up was good fr my survival .
But if I had the opportuity to revers the trn of h I am goig I wud not do it , cause I have to fe all of this .
DOING EXECSE IS GOOD FOR YR HATH
Wh do you ae to exercise ?
Wha benefits do o obtain whle execising ?
Do you no that 75% of pepe in Mxio do n't do n te of exercise ? This is a ig probem o ur ciety and is he umbr 1 roblem of why Mexico is th couty wth the most obese pole in t world .
Doing exerise is an imprtan thing to do in a heaty and happy ie . While ou exerse you fel wl in yourself and in yu ody .
There re a lot of enefis that go and in had wt dong exerise , lk reducing or taking control of your weight , it hes yu with ert dseas , probem with your by , and alo yu can ak a t of rends while doing execse .
Nowadays , ther ae a t of different tpes of exercise . You can practice an pot , li soccer , sketball , baseball , or o c simply go to the ym or practise Crosfit or somethin ike that .
Soccer is a rat sport wher y can make a lot of friends , you can sty fit , but yo alo need some skills because it 's nt ey to control the al d dribble your rivals on the fied .
I ecommed ou racise any sprt yo lie an enjoy every second you spnd execisig .
Thnks and stat ow . You wo n't regret it .
Is thre no future for public transort becue travelling by car is much me convenient ?
Many disgree about whether blic transport will diapear , thugh we still have to deal wih diffeent opinions out the increase in travel .
This composition will explain th two differen opinions .
Firstly , the r is re conveniet because there is privacy .
Also , unlike publ transport sch as buses an he underround , yu av much more comfort and see .
There is a perception that a car can give you fredo of choie .
On te website of h Scottish Government ( publcation " Yong eople and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer gog in t car , it 's quicer ...
hre 's ot as many eope around u ... I prefer the car because you a isten to musi as well . "
Although there are many poitive pots abu private car , the e also neatie ones .
Indeed , cars increase polution , you have traffic conestin , and it is ey expensive . " On my wg , evn the driving lesons a epnsive .
Then just owning a car n looking fer your car , insurance , ax , tc .
biously , it would beneit me if I orked in Edinburgh , u I do n't ork in Edinburgh .
" ys a 17 - 22-year - old boy .
Now , seondly , travelling by pbli transort is caper ( we do n't pay an are on public ransport ) , ut als , it is aer .
Accordg to The Saigo Times , tere are a lot of raffc accidents which ivolv private cars .
The mi eason is tha he crs ' owners r drun whn driving .
It is clear that if drvrs took a b or a taxi when they were dnk , ther wold not be as many accidents .
Finly , many developed countris in t wrl , sc as Enland , America , Canada , Japan and so on , hav bit a pbli transport system , so he traffic jam ve decreased .
As a esult , th ecoomy hs en increasig .
Fom ti analysis , it is obvis that travelling by pblic transport is vr important .
Toic :
Do yu agre or disagree ? " Alwas teling t uth is considre h most important thng in a reationship " .
Disagreement on alws telling t tuth ein t most mportant hing in a reltionship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relatioship , always telling te truth cul be cosiderd as hurting othrs ' feelings n is unwise .
Another reason for not eling th tth a the tie is if it is abt a rsonal tter and it wold el awkward to mention it to oleagues or an employer .
It is ette to tell a ltle white li at hi moment .
To furtr illustrate the fit point above , o tha could hurt someone 's feligs by telig the trth at l times .
For exmpe , if sme wom y are acquainte is wit earing inappropriate clothes o fitting t ccaion .
Popl usualy end not to tell her h truh , sic it uld urt her feengs .
Instead of doing so , pele my aise e f otr things aut her .
In that ae , they culd still make conversation ithou spoiling he mood .
The oter point is wen it comes to personal matrs . People usually end to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strnge and inappropriate to talk abou oneself too much to eople at wrk or even people tha one has just got acquintd wi .
If tre a uestions bot things one des not wat other ople to know , ey mgt tell a litte ite lie , which usall does not matter too mh .
If I was having a day of to go to the octr 's , I would prevet other people asking for details about it by saying hat I just had some errans to n .
These re two opinions of min on ellin the trut or no .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at cool playing hppily with each other in te lasroom .
When we re in e class , suddenly Michae waed towards te oo .
Michae closed the do ad knew at ht mmet he had mad a mtake .
Due to his , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understod hy we needed to met the headster just bcuse Mihae had loed te dor .
The door was n't broken nt piees or fallen down .
My curosty go me ino big toule .
I asked the headmaser in a polte way ad hopefully he could give me th answer I wantd .
However , things di n't happen lie I hoped .
I ened up getting expelle fr the choo becaue the teacher ad o classmates spected Michael and I ad stolen or classmate Sally 's alle .
I could n't belive the tcher and our fieds too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak o .
I fnally rlised tht everythn was a rap and we were e unlucky and inocet ns as we fell nto the tra .
We ipd away u teas , n wavd our hands we we left the school .
Althuh , o y later the headmaster fund out h ruth throgh CCV , we efuse to return to the chool n decided to change to a new school as we kno , evn if we go bk his time , similar ses col happen next ime .
Thi is bease the teaer has a biased mindset .
Dear SA summer camps ,
my name is iaca Padovesi , and I hve read yur advertiseent o e job .
I think I am te right person o this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear Engish which is vry iportant r communicatig .
ls , I have a oo relationship with little kid . I uully look after my niees and nehews over he weekends ad they love spending time with me . Mreovr , I am vry energetic , lwys awake n ready to ok hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspet of my chacter , as I can invent new and entertaing aes fo the kds to have a great time .
I lik akig puzzes or games hch invole runnin and jumping , hch r iportant for e kids ' developmnt .
I am not very god at cooking , but because I ever hve tim to dedicate to that .
I think that if I watched and leat h to do it I would learn very fat and coul maser it .
That is a go quality of mine ; I earn hings vry fast and I can as get ued to nw tings .
I am very excied abut ti job and I hope yo eply sn .
Biaca
a nmber 8 .
We wee rea to go and nd t othe , we wen outside the sheer we ha bit ad wrote on a all na to the shelter " sfe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he ill find me suppls and ao to survie .
We started our journey and went into th forest . There wer a l of # pests . On our way , ther we vrious guys that were sick t we could n't do anything xcept fr kep going . I was seeing my little gro diminish and soe of us were # llergic to som plnts I wa the only one tha ha no prolems with ll t other stuff eple had problems with .
I hought at mae my # genes er atally immun to he infctin . I could actually be t # revlutioary guy tat hes everon that was in my # skepick and I w reall positive about it b , # notwithstandin , I wud n't actall sacifce myself . I have to thn abt whether it is better to help th entire world or ju sv a gro . The decision s in my ands . It w # conventional to help the etre world , ut I do n't want to die . While I was thnking about tht , we oud a bd . It w he familiar bod of someone ha was in th group . One of tse us we wanted to in , a aiv n ed . His fac as l rotten and atn away by t walkers .
We neded to find the one tha were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . Th # bate agaist hungr started , eeyone was hungry , ad we hav't eaten anything in a e day and tt could lead us to two things : dea or eate aa by a alker . So we needed to find something tt was a # nuritonal fo whic we could eat with no poblems and be OK .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could hve a rst a take a shoer to clea ourselves .
We got clo to th pharmacy . Tere was no walkes inside , so we rn into e pharmacy and losed l the doors and I got someone to che on us in the night . I needed ome rest a went to sep immediaely .
In my area there e an raila sevies and tey 're ofn vercrowde .
But privt raffc in hs town is yet more resent , as a result of t ct that urn is h to of FA , the well known factory .
Nr to your hom , there r many supermarkets in which ou can easily buy all that you ne to live .
When you ha to pay the tlephoe and energ bills , yo cn do tt in any tbacc ho near to yur home .
If you like shoping , in h outskirts of he town , hre ar ome g supermarkets , which hold many ites of the main great factories of Europe ad byon .
As in all industrialised countries , a conction to the Internet is provided almos r eah ea and ach building .
Finally , taxis are availabe and ey cor al the own , but this servie is ess organised and deeloped an the English e .
hee is an opinion at famous people , ch as celebrities , film stars , poliiians or people ho work in the music industry desere to have a priate life , deserve ot to be nde ostant observation .
To my nd , thre suld be a bndary between paparzzi work and the pivacy of mous eple .
In my pinion , ig stars should be able to rela and have some riate te .
As ar as I 'm ncerned , there is no one wh feels comfortable en unr surveillance of people who ait to take icures whih sow them in an embarrassing situatn .
Unforunatly , is is a pa of ceebritis ' ' wok ' , so they have to take it into acout .
But on t other hand , tee should be some inviolable phere of life wthout journalit followig them all the time .
These rare fragments of life witht th ey of a camera shuld be an opportunity to live lik nrma , o - famous people .
I kw tht cthing a celebrity dong cleaning or aking a dog for a walk is hockin news fr people o read tabloid .
To my mind , tey do nt believe celebrtie e normal pepe like veryne of us , ly wih more oney in bn ban accounts
So , as you can see , I gre th the staement that faus people , who e recognizabl , deserve to hv a private life and te abilty to hve a nrmal le hould lo be given to hm .
h ze Runner
I recently watched thi n film based on one of he bok by ts worl fmous author .
As I have an intres in trillers , I decided to give it a ty .
T pste of the im already offered a sense of intrigue d mystery , wich md me take the decision to watch thi fil .
Th im starts by putting yu in the flesh of te main character , who is a 16-year - l o who ins himsl imprisoned in a cage n being transpoed to what sees to be a camp .
He h no idea o he ended up thee .
However , he oon reizes ta th is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a gian and mysterious maze .
The eope who ive in h camp take up difernt role in orde to survve n dfed temselves against t mnaces of the maze .
He to the role of rune , he people responsle fr exploring th maze and loking for an ext o of thi place .
Sill , they nly had the daliht time to eplore th maze , as en the sun go dow , it become vry dangerous .
The film keeps getting bette n better as you ath it , hvng it exciig moments when te haracters discover something that is hidden inside the mae .
I hatily recommend it to yone who ats to ha a rush of adrenalin whie enjoying a old story wich wil leave no on indifferent .
I 've been playing vollyball o 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many mo . hat I love about it is , fist of al , that , all or mall , anyne can play it as lng as tey 're determined , So , baicaly , it is a lf - ong sport or veryone .
I lo he sped of volleyball . Mt of he time it 's quick and if o blink you will probly is something . Each contact happens in le tan a second , ad ill ver player detets t location of th bal in that amunt of tim . An en there 's he intensit . If you avn't se a gae , go untl 32 - 30 , a e the energy on the floor a hear the noise rom the crowd . You 're mssing t .
Persoally , innng such a t ake me feel like I culd do anything , t when I do n't , it still kees me wanting oe .
I am always tryng to jump hihe , h hard , pass n set bete , and eve in more different ws .
I lie in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very ren .
People there e very rendly an helfu .
It is a go place to live .
Onc per week on Wededay , rubbish is collecd .
Of curse , arbage is sored into different bns .
Tha is a very go ea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
l my eighbor collect garbage in th same way .
Evrybody ares aou clealines in front of t houe and in te garde .
Escially in sprng , hee are a o of colours ad pleasant dos .
w Elham has bautifl pks where u ca relax om e busy pac .
Green time in my town is reay fantstc .
I hae recently eaten at Blk Bear restaurant , a tpical Sicilian restarant in Trecastagni , a litle town near Catania located under the tn volcano slops , and I fon that restaurant wa asil the et I he ate in .
Thee ere two rooms , a soking room an a no - smoing room .
The surroundings were ustic , yet it still el airy and csy . e waiters were very riedly and informative .
As I s atig wth my friend , oeno , and is father , I managed to saple a good range of items on t menu and I rally ked the Channa be . It was very asty .
All t ingredints wre clearly fsh and of the hihst qualty .
Te price w n't reasonable at ll , becue te me came to abot fort euro per pron , so this restaurt is a little expesiv .
B I would highly recommend hi restaurant , despie e fact that the ma ws a littl xpensive , and I wil , no doubt , be bk for other els .
Drugs is a topic wit a o of contoversy .
Tey have en present in ur scieties for ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed a om exapes of sbstances tat are real wll - kow to al of us .
Legalizain of drgs is an arument by people who believe th this measure could solve the prole of exclusion .
Marginalization a a in th te illegality of th activity .
Also , this illegaliy is reponsibe r h attction of rugs because t majority of eopl start usng drugs cause they are oun ad s rohibition is very stiulatig .
The ral probem coms wen this entertainment becomes an addcton tat an destroy our ive .
I think everyone has tried some kid of illegal ug to ae fun , eoy themself wi friends or jus to try te , and I do nt believe that ehaviou is wrong , bcause everoe needs to experiment and try new higs .
But we have to be responsible and be very lar that it is nl smeting exceptional and not our daily lif , bcase it is vey dagerus as some pope are ot able to impose limits on themselves .
Finally , legalizati of rus meas tha thy could be taabl an we know ho t taxes rk in o country , so I do nt kow if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
Th sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that y are cmng to Saui Arabia . I 'm n na be abe to e u after a long time .
But unfortunately , I ave an xa on Thursday , so I ca n't meet y , u you ca pc me up fm e scool at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My schoo is rely eay to fi . Go traight ahead onto Alameah Stret , ten un rght eside the farce of KAU University . Ate getting off the ridge , yo 'll fn e scool on your right .
So excited to se you !
Bye for nw .
Nouf .
Dear Les ,
Fst , Spai is a gra place fr oliday in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , dpending on the reon , it could rain .
If you want to e some bautiul snery , you must go to Barclona whre you wi be abl to se La Sarad Famiia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambr in raada , whic is o of the even onders of the World .
In drid y an go to viit som muems , ik h Reina Sía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if u wnt to see som ildife , ou ut visit Cabarcenos Nional Pa in Cantabria , wich is like a ittl fari park , or Doñana Nationl Pak , wher , in tht period , you c see some miraory birs .
If I were y d I had a whole mmer to enjy Spain , I would stay ne wk in eah place , a I would ret a ar in odr to travel between the cities .
I recomnd you o to tae warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your sumer .
Adián .
art Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of h Simpson fmiy .
Bart is te years od and is a typical American cld .
He hs yelo kin ad big eyes . He is bln ad h got sik hair .
Bart lway wears a red T - shirt n blue shorts .
Th most important thing f at is to be the mst popular sdent in his shol . r this resn he is alwy misbehavng .
Hs parnts and the school principal oftn pnsh him .
Bar is an energetic an levr sudet but he is also a a tudnt and he hates nerds .
lthogh he is rthe naughty , he tually h a heart of god because he helps hi sisr hen e nee him .
In t Simpson fmily , all the charactes a er fuy .
A lt of magazines say Te Sipsos is the best caton sers in histor and I absolutely agee .
For me , Brt is funnir than mer , althogh mos magazine say that Homer is he best character .
It was o rary , ainy Sunda morning .
I as n't in h mod to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I would n't get out of t house for quite a hile .
Sudenly , there wa a evy knock on th do .
W on ath could that be ?
Who would have even bothee to pay me a visit durng this bood wul weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , f the man on my thrshod yelled : " I have a lete f Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest . I had n't receed a letter r months .
I opened it and quikl scned the text .
At rst , I had observd he letter cauiusly , but then I ntced my uce 's ne on it .
Alhouh I ad n't t him a singe time , ti letter was his last wl n I learned ht I had inhrited a good da of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mnd instantly , ut I son began to orry : " What wil I do with this aont of ony ? "
Wl , the task I he chosen is about the ton ere I hae en livi r the last e years .
Actualy , this wn is loaed in t middl of ills n a river wihot water .
I am very worried bout the town here I am living beaue everybody in this wn is not bothered abou the ubish hings the do every ay .
First of ll , they a ery irty by nture .
They are very casual about the enviromnt and he importance of canliness .
So - called people of good natue ae iactie a talkative n gossip bot others , not doing anything or he improvement of their ow ton .
A e ouseholds neary the public roa trow dirty things way asil and do n't ee bohr bot h der of the muniipality .
I see a this during my mornig wk .
What I ee is that everyone who is livg in he own suld at las eep clea their own fon lces n sides surrouns thm .
I am upset abut it and , wenever I get a chance , I speak wit my felow citiens a look or their fedback , but they ar ao e same in nure .
People now are self - ctred nd vy narrow - minded .
Though they are becomng so - called educated , but in a real nse hy are still savages .
ar M. Ashby ,
Yeserday I was in Green Peper Caf r a ma wth colleagues ad I s he advertsement fr a j at wekends in your cafe .
I am very intersted in this ok and believe that my emplymen backgron is appropriae o it .
I am a Touis studnt and I ed to wr at weekends to py o my studies .
I hve worked f one er in London as a waiter in the Hard Roc Cfe a 6 months as a waiter al in Bacomi 's Cf in Berlin .
So I ae experience of service , cosumer care d workng long hours .
I know how to pepar diffeent kins of fo : sandwichs , fish and chips , haburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am lo very god at dealing with pepl , I he never ha a complaint sheet !
I hve total availability at wekeds and also in summer .
I seak Spanih , Englis and eran .
Pese , find atachd a copy of my CV , hih expans on my experience and chievements .
I am looking fowrd to talkin wt you bou the possiility of working in this position .
I am aailable to do an nterview wen it is cnenient o o .
Thank you fo your ime ad consideration .
Yours Sincerel ,
María Luisa astaneda del Acuna
Nowaays , pubi transport has beme a ajr tpc .
The ie of abndonin pblc transportation is widl supported in dveloped countries , b ts iea is rjeced in devloping counris , like he oe I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership hs increased ve e last decades , reducing he numr of eole usng pubi transport .
The posiblity of traveling in thir o cars is mch oe conveient an travelling in a bus full of pepl or , even orse , e idea of ating time in a on qee .
Nverheless , hre is another side to ths rality .
here are peopl wh c not affr to hae their own cas or may thy c aford to trael by a oth means of transportation tn the nes povide by the oal governent .
Thr are countres where a is so expensive ta pople choose to y h s fe ather than pay r a ful ak .
Smilarl , peple in countries wi a lower incme turn to tese servies because it is a way to reduce their oerll expenses .
To conclude , he fuur of public transport will dpend on the usag people make of it .
There wll be contris in wih tre will be no ned or it , d others where thy will need it as ln as their enomy nees it .
People ne easy , st d cheap soutons .
In eneal , uing a ca is easir hn taking a train or a bus .
It 's us near ou house or our ffice .
You do n't have to go to a taion on foot , carryng ags , or suffering because of the rain or th ow .
t if yu e lepy , tired , bre , or yo imly do n't like to drive , you cld find it easer to ake public transport .
And lso mor enjoyable : yo cn rlax , listening to muic n loing arund , or readig ewspapes nd bos .
Is t car faster ta pblic transport ?
It depens .
T tffic an fect cars and bues to the sme extent .
Sometimes cr are faster tha uses ; sometimes bse are astr .
Fas trains are lwys faster than cars .
Speaki about mny , travelling by car ses cheaper than public transport .
But , if we conside al e xpense ( buying e car , paying for he insurance , t . ) , mayb cars a not so hep .
In fact , in every aspect her e pros and os .
Wh abou the envrnment and the quality of lie in the cities ?
Public transport is efinitel better .
So , even if ravelling by car can be re covenient at a personal vel , public transport should be preferred by gd citizens and strongy suppotd by governens .
Informal ette fr CE ( AT 1 )
Dear n ,
Thank you for yo letter .
I am delighted to hear yu re thinking about working in the sumr .
Fro my xperience wrking at an inteational company ha organises music festivals , I ca assure y that it will be of great use to yu .
I am not sure , hover , tht ths job wil meet all your requirements .
In my cae , the only oportuity I got or such actiit a on the 22d of July , en they allowed a relaxig d at te fesival .
Hapily , u will et the hance to pratise yur nglsh sils .
In my ca , I ha to trnslate a lrge amon of text , and also help Elish touriss to et aond .
If you r looking for additional wo experience , thogh , ou ill probly be disappointed .
A I was asked to do the rs of th tme w to take phne call n make cffee or ourists .
ll in all , h experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of mny , so I ould n't wrr about having noug f a nice holiday if I wer you .
Whe yu decde wha to do , do no hesiat to t me ow !
Take car of yourself ,
Favius
e past few weeks have been really tog f Mihel .
Thi whole bsinss h started to get on hs nerves .
He has to del with it , the sooner the ette .
For now , one hin is clear as day - the on he is in lv wh is Mali , not Angelina .
e one he dats is Angeli , nt Malia . That 's the prble .
He ca n't mp Angy us lik that , they 've bee friends o yer .
he 's not d .
n he h to put a so to this without huring anybod .
So , yes , th decision is made .
He 'll rea up with er .
Probbly , even tomorrow .
It all tated in such an idiotic a .
The dr of his oom ws open . He ame out of the bahroom with just a towe around i wis and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a ligter or mches or something to ligh a ciarete .
Mi ca n't rally y why thy ene up having s - perhaps , at he ti he as pissed at himelf fr n having the bals to get the irl he loved because of all these religious isues , Malika 's family , d so on , bu tha is hat happened .
n hat defiitel was not the rgt thing to do .
At th time , he dd n't reale tha .
Only afe , hn Anglina left , Michae cosed the door and he he knew he had mae a huge mistake .
ar r or Maam ,
I am rting to ply fr the post of smmr camp counello currently advertised on ur wesit .
At he moment , I have finished the second year of secondary chol and I am waiting r th beginng of my final year .
I pe I ill get valuable eperiene by dog this jb , whih wl be very usul in e futur .
I speak English , Gema and lish and as a counselor tht is ver handy .
I am very used to dealig with youn peope as I workd at a sou camp st year .
Moreer , I sd to wok as a volunteer when still in primary schoo - once a eek I would go to a loal club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable a wel - organised and I can take cntol of difficul situations . I am talented when it comes to entertainin people , which might come in very useful in my rl as a summer camp counsellor .
I am aso an ccompished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifguad .
I atch a referen fom Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at te scout camp .
I would apprciate an opportunity to dicus my suitability fr ts post in an interview .
I loo frward to earing fom yu .
Yur faihfully ,
XYZ
Wel , I would like to tal about my school life .
I 'm seveteen years ol nd I 'm an electronics student rm taly , in the north .
I hope to be a great engieer one dy , so I 've decided to contue my udies at univesiy .
I 'm good at scol , my marks prove it ; I have worked hard ine the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started tudying English in particula becaue it is the most important langage in t world , so I nd to kow it wl if I want to communice wth other pople fom ote ountries .
Sool is my life : I std abot seven hor a day , especially mth and eleronics , which ar h subjts at I ike mst .
My teachers are ery good at their job , so I hope to be lke them one day .
he bg prolm in my class is te majrity of my classmates : te are hopeful at school n they waste time dig nohig at choo ad , I think , eve at home .
The thng ta most annoys me is ta tey cy ro me d the oter go students all the im .
Hweer , I do n't at hem at all ; hy a ver fny nd kind peol when they wnt .
Coming ack to my dream , I woul like to cary on with my studies in Lodon , at Imperial college .
I he to be at a good Enlish level , because ex yea I am going to take the intermediate certifcate of Enlish and then I am going to ry to gt into hs school , ven houh I know that it 's ery difficlt ; t Imperil college of Loon is n of the most important universtes in te wol world .
Puerquitour : A eat experience o you muh .
Noways , it is difficult to fid people who enjy the foo as muc as I do , because of the calories , the ios thy e gig to ai , ad l that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico Ci one month go d I met an old friend fom hgh sool , Vicente .
We discovered or faination ith od ad ' e erquitour ' s bon .
Thn a bainstrm about meals nd plces to visit ben .
The first a sared on an important date … Taco Day !
Tacontento was t pae we ose d we really enjoyed alambre al asto and gilled onos , accompanied by cod beers .
Because Puerquitour is someting to shar , he second day we shared it it iana , one of my friends fom Vancouver .
Aga , we ate taos , but this time thy er special .
e am of the place is Taco La Chl d tac ar gourmet there .
Tis means tat they have different flavors of tortlas -vailla , strawberry , hipotle , noal , ad alnu , among others- n salsas -tamarind , uava , ano , guacamole , etc .
Th y d nt en th t tacos . Afr a wak in Reforma d a long puse in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theare to wach the rt movie Reni hile we t cpes .
e third y was one of my favourites . T pae is soooooo nic n e deration n ev te attire of t watresses aes yu fel o 're like in th s .
La Pp Guaa , whih is loate in La Condesa , offers ake potatoes with he names of famous women ad lovely drinks .
Highl recommended !
r Azul Restaurant , in e north of Mexico City , was h lation fo the fout day of Puerquitour .
Th seafood is delicious the . My recommendations a beded shrmp , fish fllet and shimp Al Pastor and coout water .
On th fifth da , it was ti to eat more acos . e pace ? … El sadero idalguense .
You hae to be staring to eat a mocajet by yourself , it is just too much f e pern , so if you dd not tk breafast it is a good option , or o n share it wh amazin cmpany , as I did .
Do n't forget to as for a litr of ee .
Alost a wek into the Puerquiour .
The sxh day was to celebrte the final test of Mga , a friend fo hi school , who had alredy resented it to gt a aster 's Dgee , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in e S , and tht I was going to the UK .
Because we like oo , we celeraed by eating in Memels b .
You ca n't go there nd not e memelas , wic is lk huarache but bigger a absolutely delicious .
h dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Beause c w amst with a oo in he U , we spnt ll day together .
The seventh day sarted with a really nice breakfast , gormet sandwiches d ros petal tea .
en we went to a boo fair and visited oe booksors donown .
The pan w to hav dinner at Hlaria Gastrobar becau of al the good cmmets about it , but that day it w cloed , so we decided to t at El Hueqito , the traditoal Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The last d of The Puerquitour ws rounded off with my favorite dessert , a strawbery cheesecake at Sabucks a a long tl bout everything and nothig .
I lo to spend time dong what I lk and with pope I love .
Do n't foge to practise nd njoy Puerquitou ! ! !
These irs two chapers extracted rom Great Expectations by Charles Dickens inrodce a young bo known as Pip .
hi child has been raised by his sister , a erso w mstreats ip nd h own husband .
Sady , Pip has no fortun at all .
Moreover , he is just a regulr cid wi a erible life .
Besides thi , P sem to be a h a intelligent cld .
He does no u complex wrds when he tals , but he uses tm he he narates .
Aso , is lie would be perfect to crete a dark comedy bad on th undesirable lf of a chld who only feels cofortale when he visits te tombstones of i parents .
Obviouy , nobody would lk to liv his life , but I thk everyone would tend to fl sades reading these chapters n , in the n , like hi .
At leat , I ee sorry for hi and I would like to find that hs story has a go ending .
He looks like a god boy tha livs in hell and the Dil is his sier .
Nevertheless , te narrator is the true prtagonist ad th y of telling he story is the rasn why the str n connect with the eder .
ctualy , t arrato is our protagonist , bt telling the stoy as an aut .
And e auto does not try to describe t protagnist with words , but ih action .
The narrator d not us any description of te protagonist apart from i na .
Also , t narrto mainly uses direct spech , u he only ses indirect speech on just a e occsions , wh reering to is n words .
Ts exception c be read at e ed of the frst apter , where e narratr nswers the thief , writing that he aid that he wul get i he file , d tha he would et him ht broken bis of food he could , and he would cme to the hef at e Btery .
Aart frm his , he jus writs exactly what the charaers aid .
The vice is in firs person and uses a subjectve pont of view .
He nl kow at he es and he thin about it , but he does n have any omniscient pow .
However , his power coul be analyzing and desibing the situations wih a rch vocabulary an in a refectiv way too .
Aso , he describes is aents in a hlarios way , imagining is father as a suare , stut , dark man , it curly bck hi , just from oking at their tombstone .
Tese twisted ad ceativ thoughts are spread througot t text , companied by en more tisted reflections , ike at the end of the first hapter , when he describes he man who rbbed hi as a mn afraid of he ead bodi in the graveyard ju becaus he saw im ugging hiself .
Bides this , h characers of the novel seem to be unhappy , livin a a an borin le that ushes them to abuse our protagonist , ith h exception of oe .
The narrator os not make an effort to describe t the characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
Atally , we only know that Mrs. Joe ies to make hr usbnd and hr brother suffr and se worris bou ht their nighbor thn about r , ather tan woying abot the pepe w lie in her o house .
The narrator descres e as a woman ht has earned a good eputaion by beng agressive towad her littl brther .
A we ko tht Joe is a good man because the protaonist desribs hm as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going n foolish , bt that is all we kn about hem .
Also , th way te chracter talk is oposed to the a the narator wries .
In fact , the dialogues of eh charaer are ot longer tha mre than two sentences , with th oe exception of the tief , o tks bot his artnr in twelve ng sentences ih complex structures .
is kind of structure is wdey used by the narrator , bu t characters usally tk in ort and simpe sentences .
Fr instance , here is an etract of the narrator at the beginni of th second chapt :
" My sister , Mr. Jo Gargery , was oe tha twenty years older than I , a d established a great reputation with herself and th ighbours becuse she had brugt me up " by and . "
Havi at that ime to fn ut for myself wat he epresson ment , and knowing er to have a ar d eav nd , nd to be muc in he habit of laying it uon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Jo Grery d I wr both brought up by ad . "
On e her had , the diaogues a impe a shorter :
" Now lookee here , " he sad , " e question being whether you 're to be let to live . Yu know
what a file is ? "
" Ys , ir . "
" An yo kn wht ttles is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Morovr , the vocabulary used by the naator is opposed to what h characters said .
Pip uses a ih vcabulary , using a lot of mental erbs and abstract conepts th are usually inspired by oncrte things .
Th marsh poned in te first chapter is a good exampe .
Regardless , he dialogues are writen exactly as they were sad .
The thie aid " Who d'ye ih ? "
Ths is written as it is aid , main it mr reaitic .
Notwithstanding , he way hs novel is narrate is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious wa , telling us what hapened in a realistic story - ine without flahbaks .
Th story is naratd as it hpens .
Th econd haptr makes reference to the first and reveals omethin about t thief .
Alo , the slow hyth is adqate .
The narato revel t so muh about himself or the other caracter , ut he writes about the essential higs we shld kno throughout the txt .
Th tif disapears , but te frs chapter 's ending maks us feel curious about hei next meetig .
Therefore , I do not know hw the story will nd .
Too much mytey and just a fw facts can be read in these chapters .
All I know is that this sty wil not ave a happy edig .
Proaly , th tef will take P on an unwnted adventure hat will make h grow up fster .
I would like to read a sty where Pip ends as he start , in the graveyad .
Li another brick in th wall , another tombstone in e graveyad .
I would le to ead a story wihout tale ; ut a regular m who died whle he was learning to le .
Obviously , this would be difficult as h arrato 's voice clearly coms from a prsn who lives while he is witing .
This is obvis we he maes reference to h ft hat phography d ot ist whe he w a child .
Cnsequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , bu it is difficult to ll wat is going to happen or , what is more , what t autr is tring to convey .
If e story has a happy enig , then the central thme could be getting ovr dversties ; if not , it is a sa story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
he has been waiting so ong o his day to coe .
It as h day when she was going to meet her biological mohr .
She ad non s was aoptd sine s s 7 years old ecause her parents told er about it .
S d nt feel bad about it bease e loved r parents very mc and s lt oved by em .
After her 18th birthday , Anna lt a sudden ned to kno what hppened to hr bioogical moher and why she ae Anna aay .
ter finding th adoption paprs , she contacted the adoptin ageny .
h convined h lady at the ancy to gie h te name of the biological oher of " her little sstr wo h a disease d need to ow if r bologial mother would be a atch r a kidny trnsplat " .
ve thgh it was illegal , the lady gave her h nae d the contct phn number of Sar Fieldn , er bioloical mother .
A month passed by before she had the couage to dial tat numer .
She hsitted seral times because she was afraid of e mother 's rejection .
ter a fw seconds , a wma iked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna di not y anything , she could not uter any sound .
But ten she said " hello , my name is Anna and I thk you a my mthe " .
After another few seconds of slene , Anna heard her moher crying d asking lt of uestons .
They agreed to me h net ay in the rk .
She as ing to ave so many answers to so may queston .
Anna would be able to finally close an imortnt chapter in he lfe a th is why e ew ha it was going to be a vey special ay .
The st exciting y of my life .
Last summer I wet on holiday to Sardegna , in Itay , it my family .
On th first a , I was ve angry bcase my parents did n't te my best frid , llria wit us .
Bt I cnged my mind wn I heard on t radio that Feli Sanman , a Swedish singer , s on Holiday in Sardegna nea my hoel !
I love m and my drea ws to me hm , but I new it was impossible n my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I a ute sad .
Uexpctedly , on te third day , while I was swimmig in the sea , I saw sme peple in e distance and om cameras , but at the me I thought they were making a video .
hn , I ralise t o at the cene was n't an rdinry by . He ws Felix !
So I we toward the crwd and hen he saw me he siled .
I was rlly excited !
Ten I went to him and he had his phot taken with me .
He styed there a few hus nd I pet t es day of my lif asking him some quesions and singing his songs .
When he le I w a but as realy hppy .
This as certainly he most exciting d of my life .
L'Albero , th Best Pizz West of Italy
One of my favurite restaurants that I am lway hungry f is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourood .
As you enter he rstarant , o know the pizza is gong to be good .
The walls a covered with trophies ad photoraphs fr he worl 's best pizza .
The spc is famly friendly , a perec place to celebrate a birthy or mt frind .
My ny complaint is that there are o an dicious choices on t menu , it is often difficult to eide what to orer .
So far I av never been disappointed .
To sart , you must r t Rose Wind Salad , it 's a frh , flavourful salad tt is eved in a ow mad of piza crust .
As a main dish , yo ca n't go wrong ordern n of thei pzza ; al of tm are mde fesh to der in their authentic Italian zza oven .
Beides the great atmosphere nd e delicious food , he service is friendly and efficent .
Th taf is very helpu , explaining th mn to customers .
Also , he pris a incredibly chap , it 's aroun 12 euros per eron for w different dishes , drinks d desrt .
I thorouhl rommend this terrfc restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great oo at eve better value .
I prise you wo n't be isppointed .
The bst places for young pepe in Dublin
This report looks at the est places to visit in ublin for yung people fom a ifferent country .
It is based on a srvy of h you pople from Witehall College as well as my n opinion as a permanent rsident in he are .
It seems that e majority of those surveed are of th opinion th the best place to isi for yung people would be Temple Bar .
It ofers a wide variet of activities like museums , a cnma , a vey lrg green garden an many pub to chooe from .
Te Johnnie ox b was highly recomended , it offrs an opportunity to listen to traditional music , ach dancers prform nd enjoy a ice meal in one place .
T Odeon cinema ffes a wie choice of ovies in 2D an 3D and a dscount f sudets on Wednesdays .
T Dublin W Musm was sugested by many studens .
Sveral ople sai ta e National Botanic Garden is th best place fo students to mt and spnd ime outdors .
On the hoe , there re actvities to take ar in an many places to visi depending on tudens ' preferences a the finances available to them .
It is true tha eple everywher le watching sports .
Srts tar eig admed by oung eopl and can iprint a model of behavior on te mds of t yun .
In ts essay , oth sides of the position statd bove will be analyzed before my w perpctive is provide .
ro one pont of view , op athlets r gd mols to emulate o several reasons .
Firstly , wathing the sucess of uc thltes , teenaers start to esir to be like their idols an to follow professional sorts .
his mens ey wl at to play sports , hic is essenti for her health .
Secondly , doing spos alo teaches prceless life lesson , sch as discipline nd dealing with success and failure .
T importance of working hard to achive gos and practicng regularly to become good at something e als demonstrated by profesional sortsmen .
his is a god example for youngsters to follow .
Frm anther perspective , sometimes , profesionl athletes r no god roe modes .
Firstly , sot has bcome busnss .
ay sorts stars are on concerned abou mony ad fame .
This can lead adolescents to blive that money n fam are an important part of sports istead of learning hw to play well and having te un of e game or he competition .
Seondly , ther are those ahletes ho behave disustngly .
For example , soe take drugs or cheat in order to n at any cost .
It goes witout sayin that this ki of behavior sends the wron meage to the yng .
In conclusion , thee are a number of advantage nd dsadvantage in eard to professional sporsmen as good role models fo young pople .
On balance , I am inclined to blive tt profssional atetes can be excellent le models for th young , as ln as they represen he posiive apects of playing port .
Dickens a th Brote sister ue t same stl : alistic ste .
Tey r influence by the surroundings in which they lv : Dicks , h city of London , and the Bronte sisters he natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens n Carlotte Bronte oten use a frt person narator or th oit of vi of th protagonist of the stry .
hir realis is diferent : in fact , Dcens ' syle is tht of sentimental realism , in whih he mies patho nd coey , like characters that tnd to be caricatures of the vice ad viues he ishe to portray , while te Bronte sisters us a realistic sye lad with Romantic and Gothic elements , lik Byronic ale heroes an femle protagonists that ar psychologically complex .
e grph illustates the fo diffrent sources of consumption of fs and oer me in a European country fm 1979 to 2004 .
Of h given sources , the ovrall fish and mat consumption ranked fr nearly 60 grams r peson er week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
From te 4 soures eaten , 3 of te maintained a steady decline , with h exception of cicken consumption , whc had risn over the 25 year period .
nly fi consumption shod little cange during the period , beginnin and endng at approximately he same evl of 52 grms pr person per week .
Both lamb coumption and h category labelled beef d a declining trend between 1979 nd 04 , althogh they maintaie a deceae verall , with am consumption alling fm a pek of 50 gram p person per wk in 179 to just over 50 gam pe person per week in 200 , nd eef consupion falling from roun 2 grams e pern per week to ju over 120 rams er pson e week .
Chiken consumption was the only source of mat consuption which showed a stable increase fro 50 grams r pero per ek to th highe consmptin of 2 per pero per ek .
veall , it is clear fm the raph that sme sctors declined , others ose , nd one emained stey over the 25 yr period .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dtry Lavrov .
I 'm a ostdoc at the Russian Cancr Rsearc Center .
Our lab works along with Alexis ervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently , he visited Moscow an hie we were having a coverstion , I menoned that I was looking o an opportunity to work in a posdoc posion aboad .
d since my geat interes is to develop my sills in icroscopy an igita iage anaysis while wrkig in the field of cell bilgy , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
Or conversatio ih Ales and your on publications all suppo t sugestion that woring in yur lab apparentl wl proide aluabe opportunities to mastr methodological and research skis .
t to mention th paticipation in a ionering stdy .
My n work is dedicated to the study of changes in cel - cll contacts nd in the actin cytoskeleton th take place during neoplasic transformation of epithelial clls .
Erlier I had a publication in PoS ne ith description of dissimilaritie in the organization and reglatin of dherence juntons associate wt differet tyes of acin bundles in norml ad transformed epithelial cels .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - bindin proteins and actin soform withi adheece jction in norm ad transforme cells .
In e course of this investigaion , I have btaied soe promising rsuls which I 'm goig to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conerenc which will take pac in Par at the begining of Sepember .
Ao , I 'm preparn material f the next publicatn .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a py of my pae are in the attachmet .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV a a cy of my ppr are in the attahment .
I am ritng bout an impoant histocal lace which is my favourite one . I am reerring to Lugo city .
I visite Lugo last summer and I enjoyed msel very much .
I walked trough t o cit , trough ts beautiful squares n arks nd I visted t numerous churches , ncluding the cathedal .
There e a l of places in Lu worth visiting .
For example , o can walk arun the Roman al , whch w eclare a proteced UNESCO World Heritage Sit in 000 because it is the oy Roman Wall in e orl that is complete .
I ink tat Luo is vy beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists n visitors can buy sovenirs and her are many restaurants wer y a et dlicous and tyial dishs , for exampe , octopus .
In Lugo , may traitional paries a estivls take place .
Among the most important I an mention Sn roilán and de Lucus .
From 4th to 12 Otober Lugo hods i S Froilán Fiestas .
San rilán is a festival of National Touist Intere .
This festival is dedcaed to the iy 's patron sant , n it sows trditional Galician costues and folkloe .
Another importan festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrad in June .
During is festival , Lugo ecmes e 3rd century town nc again , so y cn s Roma ircus , Celic weding , rtsan markets , many musical event taking lac d local peope n visitors e into period costumes , ch as gladiators and Rom Emperors .
I ecommen ou vit Lugo in Ju because Ar Lucus is celebrtd .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Ron le in re Lucus .
Lugo is an incredible city an it is imporant in t htory of my country bause it is full of hstorial places a festvals which ho and perform recise perio of the histry of Spa , ch as the Celic peiod and e Roman perio .
The biger the ci , t bigr e pblem .
The twn is th d largest uban agglmeraion in the country , producing large amouts of waste daily . "
City X " h no specific waste isposa la , but a federal law establishes a due em util 1st ly .
Dspite th , there a a fw plans to increase the green areas and revitaie h town .
The ciy is triving on implementing new measures to hieve te Council 's oas .
This analysis will nsist of evaluating the Council 's eco - frienly proposals .
In accordance with the afoementioned , the amou of arbage produced duin h yea 20 and 2010 ore than double , 86% of it discared nadequtely .
This is e to the low effect of the " Rcycing Worms " progam on the dispoal problem . "
ty X " incierates ospital waste , in accordance wi legl requirements , and sends 7% of te garbage podction to recycling fatries .
The recycling factories av a jint vnture with the municipality to srt wate , and sho a result 20% etter th last ear .
The proram represents 2% of emlyment in th ity , but it neds to expand .
The city has many projects , such as " Keep it lean , keep it beautiful " , th goal of whi is to promote prpr disoal in the public aras .
Another important one is " Let 's mae it green " , responsibe f ireasing th gre area witin the ciy by 5% over e ast two yea , consistng of a combinaton of public and private nestment in reforestation of rua and communa areas .
A late crucil ctivity are th " Green Cmmnities " , urently carrying 38% of the total amount of vetables onsumed in te metropolitan aea .
A munipal waste polic that inegates private and public setors and the community is require to slv th cuent problem .
Th city needs a jont venture to support a functionl and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
he increas in green areas represents a signiicant improvement in the quality of life acording to the USED repor of 21 and also fulfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of te futur .
Mst of h " Recycling Worms " proble is caused by a lack of training , whh cn be resole by rainig offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a ye ff between leain scool ad starng unierity , because ou can have ls of n expeiences .
For eaple , u c tral to new aces .
Anothr idea is yo cn work , ou n find a job a earn ney fore o start university .
Moreover , smetimes eople r tired when they finish school because of the exms so thy ee to have se te to rax .
You can trav to dfferent countries if o ave time . I oud ike to go to As , Thailand or Chi .
t yo ned to earn oney if yo want to travel , so you a first work an te trvel .
Yu can find wk as a waiter or in a sop .
Howeve , some peope think ou suld go to university immeditly aer y finh school becau if u do n't , you forget what you have leane in shoo .
But I tik o can also lear if u travel or if you wrk so ht is a good da al , especially if you fi a job elaed to wt yo want to study .
We live in a ime wn everything chnges quickly .
Technological developmt aks people bleve ta in th futre everything will ok lie in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrnded by machines and robots .
We 'll ha the possibity to chose on which pnet we wa to ve .
An what aou houss ?
Will people 's hms be dferent or til the same ?
Imagining t utur , I see everything different .
T avant - arde and futursti designs of houses il be the most desirable .
The hses will he , r eample , the shape of a sphee or iglo .
Se of hm might be tund side down .
Sometime , they will be some kind of a moder atwor and it will be hard to decibe the shape .
n what about interiors ?
In our service there wi be mre macins a robots with artficial intelligence .
The will do racically everything : clea , ok , remind us what we have to do d sea ith us like an odinary han .
In practice , thr will be no normal furniure , just machines waiting for a cmmad .
Evryting ill be artificial and uncomfortable .
Ta 's ow I e the home of the future .
Glad to hea ha you 've been invited to atten t lt round of interview nx mnth !
I ealy hop to work th y somday !
To me ur you get the positi successfully , re is some sful advice and inforation yo migh at to know .
At te iterviw , laving intrviewes with a good impresion is of great importance . He ae some ip on how to do it .
First , resing as appropriatel as possible .
Businesslike sts and ie fit in wel with the orml occasion .
Suitable ress cmes crss as effective and rliabe .
Second , being punctl .
Interviewers have to cope it a tiht schedule every day , so they ar n't willing to spare one mor minute to ait r a cdidate who 's late smhow .
Tir , being prepared .
As he ld syig gos , ell prpared is al done .
You 're expecte to kno somethig aout o company , sk prpr uesions d communcte effectively with iterviewers .
If you c arn as much knowledge abt our company as u an up frn , y relly stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've appld o th les assitnt osiion in th sales department , e sales manager will be inteiewing yu .
He startd out his care as an accountnt , bt he ws fed up with deain wt numbers ll day long .
Plus , he 's willing to comunicate it hers d take on new challenges so he transferred to the sae deparmet w ers go .
He o promoted vry quily because he lways brought orh ne ideas ad failitated the reform nd dvelopmet in e depament .
In i eye , what ounts ot is the track record and he capabilities shown in the previous wrking exeriences , so he mght ask you se questions like what you achived ad w u lt about our la job .
I he wa I mention above will be of soe help to o .
Looking forward to hearng from you sn .
ots of ov ,
Is
er S or Madam
I wri in connection with you advertisement regaring jobs at sumr camps all over he USA .
Sice my mter tongu is Enlis , albeit of the Briish variet , d I am enerally emed cheerful , enegetic and ad woing , I believe I am a suitabe cndidte or t aforementioned position .
Additionaly , as a teenagr , I supervied a Wolf ub pk of eiht- to tweve - year - olds , an often organised sprt and evening actiities for he , such as treasure hunts d per chases .
oeover , when an udergraduate , I spnt my summers working in the clege cantn as a kitcen hep , d progresse to the positin of cook .
Becaus of l the above points , I thnk I am a suitbe peson for the o .
Yours faihfully
I fn it qute dfficlt to fnd an area of improvement ien Andr 's outstanding oeall prfomance .
Yet , ften , beng ovrl respectful may play gaist i a , alhough he has gned th respect of al th people he has worked wt , some of them suggested he should bui up his self - confidce , rather than en up attempting to cover everyone 's back and takig ownesip of other people 's istakes .
If I hd my own language schol , I wold firs bear in ind a mai gol : aising public awarenes of my language scho and the ervices it will rovie .
hn I would srt athering sme nformaion about the market , tha is to s , soci trends , ppulation staistics , uh as age , gender nd faily ype , potential ustomes and competitors as well .
By dog so , I would be able ot only to identify th stregths d weaknesss of my product ad to improve my performance , but alo to identify cutomers ' neds .
ftr that , I would ake a list of target markets nd devise soe strateis to attract them .
For istnce , if my goal was to increase oung people 's awareness , som strategies coul be to incrase olne social mdi presence by posting regulr updates about my languge chol on Twittr and cebook or to ofer discounts for siblings .
Instead , if my oa wa to increase aduts ' areness , advertising in local newspaprs or offering intensie courss could prove successful .
Hwever , if he taget mrket were bh young people and aduls , ofring discounts o fmily groups cod be a beter choice .
e la st would be to recruit a saf of professional , experienced a qualfed teahrs and to set an attractive and reasonable pre fo th services I wud povie .
Last bu not lest , I wold ts ideas and approaches on customrs nd taf to mke sure that my rketing plan succeeed .
nd y ?
He you ve thought about how you culd promote our language courss , f example ?
I challenge y to think about it and try it .
Accordng to recent research , ere e no doubts that naura gas dillng rigs , natural gs pipenes an ndeground gs storage contibte to th increasing alth of local communities .
People who le in h areas of natural as infrastructure earn fm a e to several percent more han those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure do n't exist .
Another advantage is at a develpng natal g industry equals n jobs , which is profitable for people living in th are .
Exploraio n etractin of sle g wll cate lots of nw bs in very dfferent branchs connected wth te gas ndutry . o instane , in exploration , mning , production and distribution of shae gas .
We n not ignore the fact tha companies which cooperate wi this nfrastructure wl also ceate job vacancis .
Een if compaies hire engeers and specialists mostly from abrod , here will be grow in the nuber of job psitions in th gastrnomy and hospitality secors , as they need to ea and sleep somewhre .
According to the dynamics of developent of te natural a inrastructure , her will be cnstant development in the gastronomy an hopitalit secors as well .
The Kociszko Institute ondcted research which hows that Pola n benefit fr extractig n devloping te infrastructure of shale gas .
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of peole vis annuall .
hn panning thir vaatio , a lot of touris ar faced wih t dilemma of whc places to visit .
Chosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there a so ma choies .
Tere e om travl estnations tht definitely tnd out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal - clear waes a the friendly locals r not the only ings that s it pat rom othe islands .
Santorini als h a volcano which is a spectacular sht , even though xplring it an be dangous !
Another pace worth visting in reece is Athes .
Believe it or not , hens is n of he most beautiful cite in e wor .
T Parthen , t Acropolis Mseum ad the district of Monatirki are just a e of t things tt eople ov bout Athens .
Last but t least , Crete is one of e most spectclar islands in Greece .
Besides havin beautiul sand beache and being the largest isad in rece , eople can visit the waer sports ark here , which re extemey good fun !
uming up , Greece is a beautifu country worth visiting , although coosng where to go can be hard .
Te qustion is ether it 's beter to prepare for a og te eore t exa or whether a few day are ing to be enough .
From my prsoal exeriene , I believ th it 's much btter to prepare for a ong tme efore any ex ou may fce in yo le .
It 's qie important to be oranized to get the hghest coe o can t in your xa .
r example , ne ar o , I had my final surgery exam .
I a set up a pa to study a h books we had to go through fr the exa plus reviewng hem wie .
h plan requird my comitment fo around 12 hur of diy study fr lmost 3 onths .
Because of the hard wr n prfect discipline , I w able to e a er high sco in my Surgery finals .
If I ad n't had such an organized plan , I ould never ae got suc a erfet score .
Another thing to dd is n bein stessed the night eore the exam .
It 's uite normal to ae is basic felng of eig stressed and rvous when xms are appoachig .
hat is not nrmal at al is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies u haven't finishd and tha ar icluded in your exm .
For example , I oce d a hemisty exam in hig cool and I ws ignorant enuh to negle my stuie , hinkng th I sti ha eough tie to ce my exam .
Two dy efore my exam , I realzd tat I ad run t of ti .
I h insomnia th nht before my eam . It was n't eoug that I a n't wll prepare , but also my nerves g in taters and at afcted my sores tremendusl .
Evr sine , I do everything in it de tie in order no to be overly sresed and ge low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getng high core , I assert ta mmoriing h details is iportat .
If y do n't start studyig bere the exam at an approprie time , u wil only have enough te to know the road outlines of the subject , t this will never help you so up the detail and understand e concepts lying ehid ver single word .
Tha will help you a l ve if ou do n't get the cace to evis eveything before you ea .
I can recal a tm when I was ute ill befr my Aatoy ea ; I coul only go hough the ma ttls of each banc withou gig through the details .
In the ex , I had a question where it required describing a concept ; aaingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I had practiced a lot d memoized that concet before many time , I was able to emembe it .
It was just flooding bck without so muc efor .
So , fo sur , hing enough tie to memorize a practce wht you arn is going to help you a lot in your am .
In m , I believe that setting a schedule to have a lg - term prepratin plan is much better than having only a few ys to get prepared . If you want to gt hgh cors n perom wel , yo ould sta studying fo da one if possle .
Do n't you think yo e worth etting the highest score one could i for ?
In my opinin , nuclear energy has he bes chance to epace fosil fuls .
Firstly , nuclear eergy is n't bad r he environment .
The carbon ioxid emisions r very small .
he biggest threat is explosion .
However , the technology is evolvig ad nuclear pwe plnts are getting afer .
econdly , nclea power plants e lread very ppulr an this type of engy is te closest to replacg fossil fues .
Eery hic we get from n n wind is stil on a fw percent of world nrgy production .
Thidy , ony the construction of a nucler power plant is expensive .
Oe we have a plant , makin enry frm ta is ey cea .
h mo expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hirn qualifed personnel .
In adiion , we ee something that can work all he time .
It ca n't st making eneg en the weath is bad , ecause people eed a lot of electricity .
If we run ot of power , entire iies coud be plunged into chao , a tat is unacceptable .
Lm is the onl uth Amercan city which is a cptal and it is located overlooking the Pcific Ocean .
Lia was founded by Francisco Pzarr in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los eye " .
Lima has a multiultural tradiion , as in it coincide a complex mx of racia and ethnic groups , lik stizos , Eropean Peruvians , wo are the second largest group , and the minority in Lma includes ymaa and uehua and Afro - Peruvias .
im is the best example of colonization , immigration , ad indigenous influences , such as the survival of the Pre - spanic legacy wit chitectural moumets , called " Hucas " .
The Historic Cntre of Lma ws declare a Wld Heritage Site in 198 .
It is a it that keeps its hisory though : amazing rchitecture , ie blconies , curches lik San Francisco Church hch a mysteious subterranean catacombs ; el Ral Feipe , wic is th la incredibe Spnish fotres ; thruh heir costumes as wel as e Carnival . On thi ay you can enjo th particular , interesting d colorful festal because ou ue water , pnt or ta to wt our family and neighbors . hough their traditional dance , called " La Marinra " . They also keep their history hrouh eligon , where u discover t rligous enthusiasm which is reprsentd by la Procesión del Señor de l Milagros . eir gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderfl examle of heir ymols , like Mazmorra Mrada , el Piso Sor ( wine ) , el Ceiche , los Piarone , tc .
Lma is a beautiful city of contrs , hre yu ca find a diversity of historical , modr and business place .
Archaeological sites , beaches , alleys , natre esrves and the exquisite cuisine ive Peru 's cpital an atentic personality and sigteeing in Lma is a uniq nd antastic xperience .
Dfiitely , Lima is a spectacula and charming city to spend your prect hlidays in .
Hi Jae ,
ast time you askd me for ome information about opening a saings acoun in th UK . I 've done me research to find te bes savigs accont for you .
Below o can find a fw ugestions of mine .
e Phone Bank miht have qte a ood offe for you .
Firstly , the rate of intest is by 3.1% , which is quite goo .
Additionally , if y open a aings accunt with tha bank , you wil e a diry as a gift .
A y do not need to ay y annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortuately , the ban does n't hae branches in Britain .
And all banking opations must be done by phone .
The secn bank , Rya Savins Bank , as mny branches in h UK ( ovr 5 ) , so yo ca do all aking transactions on h sot .
ut the is a service carge fo owing a cdit car ( £ 12 er year ) .
Yo do ls t a gift as a ne account holder ; a ul set of sauceps ( do yo ealy need ht ? ) .
All in all , I woul recommed you to oe your first savin account with the Phone Bk , since th rate of interest is higher and you do n't nd to pay any annual charges .
And doing tansactions by hone is actually very easy and they always give you a great oportunity to imrov yur Englih .
The fin decision is yours .
Take care and see you vr oon ,
Yours Agneszk
To : gKL6@yho.com
Fro : oS7jM@ahoo.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My ear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell ou hw happy I am at I had the oportunty to be the chosen person to dal with h sound recoding at ady Gaga 's concert .
It must ae bee my friend , arius Boni , o recomende me for this sevie .
I could n't beieve my ears when h phone rang and I nswere a he said hey wanted me to ge to he concrt as oon as possible to see how good I a at sound recording .
Wha can I say ?
It 's en my dream ince childhood and I s overhelmed we I realised hey thought of me to do hs r sch a great , important person in he word music industry .
I am glad tt th ere satiied with my ervices .
I ca hardly wit to see you and to sare my appines and to tell you all t tails of this unique experien ! ! !
ors ,
Inu
I ave been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic abot it .
I started when I was si with equipment that ws er basic opared to wt skers s thes days .
Every day , as on as I oe up , I looked frwrd to my morning on e slopes .
My pares old take me to a gentle soe th my broher a eae us thee for a ouple of ours to try skiing on our own .
Te temeratre as often everal degres below zero , and y would freeze if you did n't keep moving up nd down t slope .
My brother showe a ntural alent for e sor , t I et qut uncomfortble and sred .
Little by itle , I improvd my sking skills and by the time I w a teenage I really tarted enjoying myelf .
Nowaays , I have a lot of n skiing becaus it gve me the oportunity to be in a wonderful ntura environment .
Skiing is a grea port , u I would recommen starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an exerienced insuctor and using te riht eqipmet .
After six yeas of rigorous hh school study n pat periences , I have no dou ta he choce I 've seleted above are n acidentl .
I am extremely interestd in gaining exeriene in the business field .
The sujcts I 've pured at hig schol level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me t opportunity to utilize and pt into prspective the knowledge of undestanding busies cocpts a s ivn me a solid academic founaton .
I 've alo articipated in variou goup projects and class projects while in high chool .
I am lannig to an admission at th university of my choce in oder to obai a acelor 's degree .
I would love to wor with exremel talned students , lecurers and even proessos in order to eceive a well rounded introduction to t numeou aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always en a ver etermined ad studos indiviual and I would be more than wllig to devo myself to h hard ork necessary in order to achie a bachelor 's degre .
I also ve an ndubitabe passion for exta - curiculr activiis .
I was he residnt of the Business Stents Associaion ( BSA ) , Head B ( senior pefct ) and Captain of t school soccer team .
I am a very good socr player who lays mifield .
Undertain a scholarship and admission to ne of the univerities I he selected boe il ovide me wit e opportunity to appy the knowlde gained at hig scol in a busness settng , as well as devel the communication , ogansation n numeracy skills I acqurd at gh school .
After I heard about the Czech Governmnt Scholarship , I decded to do se reseah on Czech Republic before taking ay step oward ppling .
I found ot tht Czech Republic is a counry wit rich possibilities fo studts planng to std abroad and is currenly undergoing rapid social changes and transfomation , making it a fascinating pac f students of ny iscipline to stdy in .
Czech univrsitis provide high standrds of education , internatioally recognized degrees , oern campuses ith outtanding facilities , a sfe and affordble eduaion , a warm n friendly enionment a culural diversty .
I believe th I wl hve he opportunit to experince both moderity a tradiion in on if th fest and mt stle coutries in Erope .
Above all , the ig ality of eduatio ll ake me rdy for the ture .
Anohr major reasn y I am motivated to stud in zch Repubc is lack of finance .
Al , education in igera is now a joke as teacers and lecturers go on srie freqntly , and studying in ome ars of Nigeria is ot safe !
iht w , I am greatly lokin forward to he challenges of uniersiy life academically , socially and entall , ad I eliee that my ambition to lrn nw business oncepts cople with my passion f extra - currcular ctiities n community service , would make me a copetnt addion to n of my chose universities and the zech Republic Scolarship ta .
I believe that I n ak a positive contributo to my chosen university , as I will be activel involved in studet events and activitie hat will help to prmot a healthy learning enionment for al .
In conclusion , I an assure y ht I ll be a capable and dedicated tuent wh has t ommitent ad dediation to wor hr in order to be a rduate , whilst at he same im , contributing greatly to my hsen uniersity in more ways an ne .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a wl - known fc ha people need to hav cmunication with other people .
However , they ae not always satsfed or tae nt te soity .
They seek solace in smeone who they feel more comfortable it .
he et eaple is an animal wth grat qualities , a dog .
A o 's personality is n of i bst qualities .
Always riendly , bubby n in a good mood , they are reat to spend time with .
hy see whe their master is sad d ect by cuddling up to tm .
It mke people fore al about eir problem ad concentrate on the things tht really mater .
A og 's otimis is by far th best way to rin ac a smile to peop 's faces .
And that is what he are there for , to make people hapy .
These hairy four - lged amals are also ey protective .
ne of their jbs is to tch or teir human fmily .
So if they sese that the owner migh be in ager , they immeditly rac by barkig at a person or a thin that might ae caue it .
The stronger the bon between he do and their owner , the strongr he o 's eactin wll be .
It is beieved tha dogs require a lot of attention , wich is not ue .
ogs are really t that hard to take care of . Bathin d grooming do n't need to be done every day , thy just ed to be fed a wlkd egularly .
Thse pets ned a fw walks a day , which culd aso be od for thir owners w spend all a at wok or in school d nd some physical actity .
So , hang a g could lo rmind he to iv a healthier life .
In coclusion , dogs mae reall great pets .
o only do they ptect you from aything tat could do yo a harm , but their amazig personaty and the loe he shw to y mae u feel so wr and wonderfu on te insde .
So , if someone really los their pet , they will find time to pay a t of attntion to them , because , he truly are a 's bst friend .
Hi John !
It 's gra to hear from you again ! I il ive you om etils abut my experienc at " Zoe K adventure " , one of he ms wel - known centres in ou country .
First of all , we started th a ting assut corse , which onsisted of climbing up ptty arp walls a cralig thogh different obstacles .
Alhough it mae me eel exhausted , I found it extrmely entertaining .
Lucki , I a ft enouh to finish the exercise wihut having any problems , however , yu may nee to practis a little bit more before embrkig on his actiity .
Rock climbing ws anter of h challenges I had to face .
Despte the ct tha it turned out to be harer ta I h expected , I managed to reach the summit .
Y ca n't imagine how ewaring e feeling of beig on he top of the mountain is after sc a big efort!.
Furthemore , you will be able to do caneing . You are likely to fel sared at irt , bt your confidec ill be buil up qucly , due to the consant uport of your teachers .
ne of he last activities offered by e centre was divin .
I felt so overwhelmed that I d to gve it up , so if yo do n't want to mis ot on this rea pportnity o , trust your trainers , sice they r highly qualified .
To m up , I firmly believe tht you il have a great time the an I guarantee you ta al e teacher meet with the saey rue , so u will ejo yorself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
Fo l these reasons , this ntre 's ealy worth a visit .
ite soon and lt me know if yu need to kno anything else .
ith est wises
aa .
I fet so excited wn I loked at th envelope on the desk in my oom .
I checked the addes as quickly as I cold and I realized that I was rght , it was fom Pai ...
My mother had rtten to me aftr onts !
Sie e left for Paris last year , I ha been living in the shool resdence , whch ws n't cheerful at all , which ma me fl ally deessed .
u I h her leter at last , so I statd to read it immeiately .
h tl me tht whe I s on hoiday I ad to uy myself a pae ticket to ris an go to visit her for at least two onth becaue s ws missing me a lt .
It el so go wen I saw tat my mother had n't forgotten me .
I d neve traeled to Europe efore , so I as really nevou , t it would be a gret chnce to mprove my Fnch and spend a lo of time wi my belov moth in he city of loe .
Dear Sir / Madm ,
Application o the Po of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apl fo h ps of hie Chines Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a gaduate of th Chinese Universi of Hng on .
I am proficien in Chinese languages ( Cantoese and Mandarin ) ad hav over tn years ' experience in t publishing industry .
Currently I am worin for a as an eitor .
I am an aggressive , creative bu carefl person who can wrk independenly .
On h othe an , I am also a good tea pyer tt can work wll wih colleagus , presentble and with a stng sense of rsonsibility .
ttached please find my resume d portfolio for yo reerenc .
lease fee fee to contat me by pone at 12345678 if u would like to discuss my qualificatons further .
I look forward to earin fom y soon .
our fathfully ,
Che Ki ou
Eduaton is a milesone in our if nd avin a od education is the main dor to he labor aket .
Aware parents disappoind it educatonal ystms and institutionalize eduction t to see in homeschooling a soutin to their cildren 's education .
Althgh homeschooling a eem , accoding to some of these parents ' opinions , " a pad road " , it
is a path no suitable for everybody 's cars , and that copls us to seek thr routes .
Homeschooling shol not be considered a word - ide phenomenon , sine only a f ountrie : the UK ,
Canad , and especially te U , can boast of having it .
There a lot of countres tat hve not
accete homeschooling as a lga alternaive so far and others where it is jus an isolated occurrence .
e situation in Sin can be assessed as a " legal acuum " in ight of o constitutional right to fre
educain , hile attendanc is compulsoy in elementary and secnary edcaton .
Educational a emotional freedom support this alternatie way of learning .
Homescholin a also free up ime for compemetary activitis uh as music , sports , and en family life .
Homeschooled sdents ' sucess has been baced up by the reuts on standardize tests and h recogniti of prestigious universities .
Now thouh , before homeschoolng you kids you also have to consider h same amount of roadblocks :
the la of facilities or expertise , n enough socilization for your children , edin up ein a frstrated paret without enou moe to make ds mee .
As ar as I am concred , I wan to thnk about homschoolin as a wake - up ll fo eduational
sysem .
owever , homeschooling will neve succeed if arnts do not have h igh kills .
As traditioal education seems to be exhausted , new technologies pen up as " the
solion " an blended learning is the fure .
h eography and natural environment around the buidng pce , as well as e neighbourhood , wll surely be tke to consideration while desiing houses of h future .
Obviously , th uure lso ndicate a home with moe tchnoloy and vey nery - effcint sytems .
In area exposed to aturl isasters , sch as ethquakes , hrricane and foods , people should hav their houses buit of resistat materials .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular rgrd .
Environmentally - frinly buildings will dfinitely be on h drawn bar .
Built from recyclable or recycld materias , the exterr surface of thse houses should be eady to be l by daylight on suny days , n to mention skylights and sar anes on e roofs , hch are moe and moe ppular , even hse days .
Morovr , solar ener collector ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximie cfort ad energy eficiecy .
Urbn housing isses ( such as population owth ) wil be solvd by explitng some ne areas .
Mybe it 's building ctles in the a , but housebots and artments sitated above cit sreets see to be a perfect solutin to use up pac tat would otherwise be wast .
Although pepe will keep mulig ove w to modernize their fany hses ( and braggn about it to neighbours ) , they wil still need a warm , sy b nd a nice cu of tea .
I suppose tat will never chang , even if hey live in a concre ivory oer .
Catch it or se it
Te alpa and h ega of a good te is trust .
Tat 's the most impornt oin if o wnt to ply hanball .
ou mst be al to throw he ball blidy to yor teammate and he a to ctc it .
Otherwise th oponent wl have t chance to g a pont .
Ae y a el team player ?
Handball is oe of the most ynamic spors in ts world .
Over ighty pint can be ma al tgeher in sixty nutes , if not ven more .
This shows how rpily the game can change .
One st bal can make you team the loser of the gae .
I started to play handal hen I was 5 years old .
At fist , it wa only a obb but with the years it became a pssin .
What I love ms abut th sport is t seed ad th uconditional tam spiit .
If you wt to pay adball , jut be sure at you ave a good team nd do n't frge the fun !
Triathlon : A faos prt throughout te world
It sems as if , ecently , oiety has bece moe conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
lerly , ti is a cnsequence of the extra hors we have to work per day d , as a way of elaxing , we fin doing a sprt an effectiv ay of taking the stress out of our bodies .
In ac , we c ee any people jogging d cyclig these days , whether it be in te mornig befoe goin to rk or even aer .
Despite tese two ein the mo oplar port amongst athles , many moe are ust as interesting and beneficial .
e of them is trathon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture of three dffernt spors , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a rslt , it can be etremely demanding .
Wa I eno most about it is bing able to do it anywhere , which ean I ca do it near my he instead of hving to go to a sports nter .
It also ean I ca choose the location tt most pless me ad therefore fully enjoy the ti spent oing it .
Triathlon hs become more populr er the ast few yer an more ad moe peole are eager to try it .
herefore , it is crucial to undersand that imroving in such a demanding sport requires tme and it is imprtant to etablsh som goals in rder to keep motivated .
ou must nt pus yourself too rd .
A ap year btwee chol an college sounds a reat ida fo those that have o decidd wha they want to tudy .
Howver , there are so questions as to hther it shuld be fr everone or ot .
irs , I ould lke to p the argmens in faour of the year f .
ot erybody has te financial possibilities to p fo colege , so taking a a year to ern money to hep with he ils is time wll spen .
B tat is not e nly rason to take a er of .
Most pople think tht this year is for ravellig to other coutries and sending a your time at partis , t this is not true , you n travel to deelop your culture nd do volunteer work , so you can become a better ersn .
On t ote hand , may teens ho take a yar f end up spendig it in e wrong y .
or exape , hings igt not go as ty had expected for ultipl easns , such as ot aing enough money or not ettig a job .
In conclusion , peopl soul take a yer o , but oly when hy hae eveyting planned and knw or sure that they hae the possibility to do something useful with heir tm .
Hello , my me is Lidia . I am 27 eas d and I am goig to tke just a minute of your ti to explain y hiring me wl benefit you organization .
I am currently studing in my fourth and nal yr of a degree in tourism at he University of e orl Heritage ct of Caceres , hic is locatd in Sain .
In my thrd year , I did my intenship as a recptionist in a four - sta ote fr 2 nd a af months in dajoz .
I already have skls in listnng cloly to customers and in - dth understanding of font desk operations .
My prevous experience working abrad in a hotel woul be useful to ou cmpay .
I am flexbe , a good team plyer , and able to work under pressue .
My moter ogue is pansh , t I am able to speak Enlish fluently nd I have re - intermediate lvl Italian as wel .
Talking but my interests , ravling is one of h activiie I enjoy mt , in rder to discover w places a cutures .
I also love metig w peole from other countries and exchangn lauages .
You may contact me at f8HJ2su@alunos.ac.es or jut call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thns so much fo takin the ie to sten !
" Farmer Gies of Ham " is a fantasy story witen by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in he frst centuries of the iddle ge , the story is bout the adventures of Gles , a frmer of the villge of Ha , wo becoes a er against i wishes by defeati a giant .
When e dragon Chrysophyla omes and devastats verything , he is sent tie agains him , no only mangig to dfet him thanks to t magic sord Tilbiter , ut also obtaing a ug treasure .
At the ed of the ory , ile becme an independent ing .
I likd this stoy a lot , frsty , becaus I love fntay stories , especlly Tolkien 's ones : they take me to nother unvere , makig me forget everyd life .
Secondly , it is ey original , ecaus it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : he hero is an ornary person , knights a son to be fearful and incompetent a clashes are wo wt wrds insted of weapons .
I would reomend his story to eerybod , becas it is funny d advetrous and Tolkien 's ironc style , base ls on the omical us of Latin words , make it extremely pleasat to rea .
er Sr or aam ,
I am wrtng this letter to apply for the positio in th USA Sumer Camps tha I saw advertsed in r loa newspaper .
I am interested in orkig in ecational institions or in Soial Care .
I have ecently graduated in Psychology om the Scial Science University nd receive high grades in bt my Teaching and Supervising courses .
In addiin , we ha to have oe ya of voluntering in a out Supervison environment in preparton for or fia assignment , so I am ab to be a member of your higly - skilled taff .
Since I was 13 years ld , I have help my parents wi brnging up my fur younger siblings .
I hav been nvolvd in volunteerig in a variety of youth oganizatios as supervisor and uto .
In the pst two years , I ae wrkd in th Scou Organization , hping the ara manager to ganize actvities for hildrn .
This experience a gie me he abilty to coe with h need of ll tpe of chlden 's personaltes .
I have a frienly , happ personaity and find tha I enjoy h challeng of working in yth enironments .
In addiion , my tudes d experience have taht me to be rcise and efficiet in orgizing my wok , so I would be a vauale addition to yo team .
I look forard to heaing fm you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does traveling broaen your mind ?
In my opinion , avelling does broaden ou mind .
Wen you vist different places , yo t to s different environments , cultures , people and ee dfferent languages .
Travelling helps o to devop as a person in any ways .
For exampe , if you ean aothr langage different fom yor own oe , even if it is jst a fw basic sentences , y an cmmunicat with peole from different rgions d o impove your confidene .
Travelling so help to e te ay in wich other people liv , to se at yor a of liig is not he oy one that exsts .
Th can help ou to understand that not evryon has access to may things you do have acess to , and to elise that prhps you ould appreciate tese thin , uc as smart hones , cmputes , crs or en fresh water , wch is a basc resource n we end to te for granted that everyone an have so water to rin ve hough hi is not tu .
Beides , he we travel to dffernt places , we see hre re many differet utures that difr greal from u own cltre , and we e h different from one anotr humans ar .
o ll of these reasons I ink travelling really roades yo ind .
I wnt to build my career as a fuly fledged researcher and academic .
To fulfill this dream , a Ph dree would be te most essentl footstep .
I am mostly also interestd in pursuing my P in Theoretical and Computtional Cemisry .
I have a pan to udy h equilibrium properties of ondensed - pase systems .
I would also li to arry t my PhD reearch into the development of transition metal complexes whh n be used as drugs in the treatment of seeral human deases , as csmetis matrils nd as photonic n optoeetronic materials in devices .
I lo id Analtcal Chemisry and Enviromntal hemisty are teresting fields of Chemistry beause of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess t stro motivation and inellectual capbility to bid a career in one of h previouly mentioned fieds .
Afer my Ph , I il return to my untry n continu my teaching as el as reearch with students of e Univrsity of Baisa .
There is no future or public transport ?
The number of cars increse rpidly , but publc tranport is still in use .
Especially in i cities wher tere a traffic jms , public tranport is bcomng more ad ore ppuar ain .
In some itie , it 's en foridden to drive trough t city center wthout some secial prmission , so ther is no ote soluon than to use public ansport .
B what is more convenient - owing a cr or public transport ?
el , it epens .... Whe yo trave in you o car you r independent .
You do not have to wory about the schedule - yu ar he driver , so it 's your decison whenever yo want to leave or stay lngr in om plc .
You can lsten to yur favorite music or h radio .
You are the ss .
Howeve , as a drvr , you lways ave to be carefu and watch out on the road .
If you want to ravel fo one pac to another to ee different plac , your own ca is e est solution .
It allows you to se ch ore at you own pace .
But hink about the costs .
Tink h much ou ay for a ptro nowadays .
Consider , as wel , hw mn days yo have o vacations .
Maybe hea airines are better ?
Cmin bck to our everyday lfe .
Mos of us are ivig in big citis nd face problems it e tffic .
Wa if we used public transport to get to wor ?
ll , te you do n't hae to rry about a parking sae ad y can ea more books on e y to ork .
Sipl , you n ue e ourney to wrk as additional time or yourself .
What else ?
After rk ou c go or a drin with your colleagues !
An if h enironmen is important to o , just thk about the pollution .
t 's elect once again : is tee a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : e , the is !
Is travling by car ore cvenient ?
Wl , it depens !
Wy use first perso narraon ?
rst person narration c atract readers ' attention at e beginning of h stry and make the readers get no e thoughts of e adman aily .
We ca n't undestand what other think usually , bt in his story , the author inited us to know ht was inde h mama 's mind .
Feeling that the in haracter is lking to us , as if we wer ll involved in this cae , te whole thing seme like it d rally happened .
acig h murder diecly makes the hror penetate into u heas .
w des h author crate a orld of hror r his readers ?
The author reated the horor atoshere by describing the scene , t disordred id an the sound of eartbats .
First , the sene that described the murder make reades unable to op themselves iagining the images in their minds .
Just like the maman 's plan a appenig iht in frt of us .
hen comes the snd , e heartbeats .
In my opinion , he heartbeat is te lemnt tht pushes the whole stor to the cimx .
Every tme h sound of hearbeats sated , something ened .
The first time , when th madman heard the heartbeats of t old man , he was going to il e old an , a he did it .
The secon time when the madan heard the heartbeas , he beme impatient , care , excited an insne . In the e , he confessed tha he lled t m an disembred t corpse .
At the same im , the heartbeats also ma he readers nervous nd anxiu .
Fnlly , I hnk he way th athor wanted to express t dsordeed mind of the mdma is s intonation .
Th ole tory apart fr the end of he tory when he confessed t crime , the adman used intoation that is xtemely calm and steady , to tell the raders e proces of he cel tin at he had dne .
Te sharp cotras of e calm nd te crelty , leaves us wit a stong impression that the mai charactr ws totally insane ad crazy .
Shivering iside our herts , te hrrr icrease .
" Let 's go to the fest to see the varietes of animals which are found there " , Max said to i friend o sunny afternoon .
hn l was set , th stated ter ti to the foest .
When they arrvd ter , they stare to look arod tryin to ind dffernt typ of anils su as birds , rbbis and deer .
M and his friends took a wak under the trees when , across the river , they saw omething tht loed ie an anmal lyin on e gra."What 's that ? " , M said aloud .
They n quickly , rssed the river and they reached t pac where e animal s."It 's a deer , s leg is in a trap ! " , M 's friend houte .
When te saw e animal , they could see that it was sufeing , so they decde to fe the deer .
Hvig made is ecision , Max found the courag to open t tra , b the ee did n't move because its lg wa iured .
One of Max 's friends brougt water from the river to ge to te deer .
ax cu a ece of i T - shirt to treat te anial .
fterwards , te animal was beer and it walked awy slowy .
When th day finishd , Max and hi friends returned home feling apy bcase they had saved the animal 's li . " What an amzing day ! " , Max whispered to himse as he ot nto bed that nigh .
The question is : whther it is ossble to be famous witout journalists ?
Probably nt , but there are many pole in show busins or political life , wh re ready to do everything to save tei private li .
Generaly , peope may be famous fo w reasons : because of her job or because of their scandalous private le .
If u decide to ecam fmous because of yu scndlous private life , it ould be silly to complain abo tiring paparazzi .
here is a rle , probably e of the mo important in public life , that ys mo or ess : ' It is o important what tey are saying about u , it is importnt they a taing abot you ' .
Most celebrities olow th rue , as it is just ht thy r living for .
That is wh they are often able to sell informatin about thir private life .
The real problm sarts when journalists injure ot e celeity , but their friends or faiy .
Papaazi are cruel he in contact it famous peple 's children , whch a ave a negative influenc on their emtional development .
How about hoe h do no want to be popular becaue of scanda ?
In most cases , ey are just doing thi job as well as they a , leadin thi boring lif .
Ad when finally papaazz notice that there is nothing nteresting in their li , they jus leave them alone .
Sumarizin , I do believe that adut people ar responsile enoh to ma a decisin abo whether they want to share the most imortant part of teir lif wit journalists .
And I hope they understand , her duty is to protect their relatives .
Great foo is proaby o of the mst valuable pleases of if .
As a prson who lves to eat , I consider e environment , qualit of food a price as t ma factors to ecide hee I soul go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new eican restauran in Liso calld " Las Fichers " .
It s suggest by two friends of in an , ccording to them , becaue of h good food an u environment .
I went to dner wh 6 friends in order to have fun an ea good Mexican oo fter a strsful week .
In my pinion , th fd wa good , b th prices wre too expensive consdering t quantiy sevd and e messy serice .
We faced continuous problems it t order , sch as : dishes from another abe served to us by mistake , the dink were served wth a consdeable dlay and the il was shown even ithout asking ( just becue we finished th dner ut o rinks were stl on the table ) .
Lucily r me ( or not ) , I e a rend of me on the day ater who tol me that se had dinr at " L Ficheras " befo and , in her pinion , as a Mexcan , that retauant ws terrible .
She aso told me ha a great Mexican restaurant ad us oend wth lower prices and go service .
I go curiou about thi place and decided to go later .
" Pitola y Corazón Taqueria " was he first Mxian restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , wih lwer prices and gret service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato saue fo ree whie we were choosng the ai dshe .
After choosing , a bottle of reh wate was sered , again , fr fee .
We coe " tacos " of meat wit guacamole sace ad it a absoluely delcous .
After paying the bill , they offee us a hot of tequila to inish o visit , confimng tha grt places still ist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
Frs of a : THAN U O YU TIME AN YOUR HLP WH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Scond of l , OW AR Y ?
And also , where a u nw ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm uc bett o . I 'm settled back me and I 'm up n uning , even thouh my untreated sprained ankle h t worse .
Last week I s lent an ankle supot and sme crtches , so ever ine tn it 's going beter .
Furtherme , today I hv started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be bak jumping around in no time :) .
As yo kow , Malta was a big punch rgh in the smach , which for sure I dd n't ed ! :( .
The cous and e organization lf uch to be desire ; and as if tat were n't nough , my cholarship ( funny enoug t the ones of te ( only ! ) O other participants ) , was not suffcient to coe all e osts ! :/
yway , CS and gic saved me righ at the last cond ( th last niht ) , n I left Mala with a mil d a wrme up heart .
And for that I want to THK YOU once agai .
Back ome , everyhing started fast - I shold have gotten used to by n , shld n't I??- .
So I id n't have time for much .
I have bee totally immersed in loking for ob nd in the ranslation of the scientific paper for a former tudnt of mine .
He decidd to finish e econd hl withut my help , so that ws a b disappointing , boh r the eeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anting as yt :/ ) lss money earned tha it wll mea .
* Soy , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your native lnguag skills once ain : here " not meeting his expectations " , cold be substitued by another expression .
What I do n't understad is the difference between this buch : be good nugh , measure up , make te grde ; be up to standard / the ak .
There again , having a whole bunch of ee ours ( day !
Fom unda to Tusda ) to myself that I was nt counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I ecided to go back home ( I h been the whl eek at my friend 's place , as he ives in Mdri and qui cls to he writer 's houe , where I had been gin every y last wee ) , ad I started geting things do . lu I av my anl a rest , which was very mh nded too !
The t - a one - nght ip with my mothr an sist went quite well .
The plac we wee visiting as very beautiful , and if it had n't ben fr the limitatios of my anle , we wold ae gone for a hrt he .
Tomorrow I 'll be startng my first English class , hic has taken much longer han I had pannd .
I have sent a lt of Vs , an have gone to 3 interviews so ar , also or nglish classes ( one company a to acemies ) .
Abo the pictures rm Ramla , ould you wat a bit longer ?
I haven't found time to dwnoad e pictre ( of ALL THE THINGS that I nee to st out , it was ( a is ) definitely NO a priority .
Do remi me again , though , if you e ta I 'm orgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
id you s aio but e speakes ?
Beaue chatting is a faer ha wriing ;) .
I 'm gon na go o .
Talk to yu soon , Mike .
ave a ig hg fr ( E , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spai .
Global warmig a i consequences in 2015
Th Guadia article " Wor 's climate bot to enter ' uncharted territoy ' as it pass 1C of wamig " , publised on e 9t oember 2015 , describes the pobles of global waing .
Accrdig to scientists at the British Met Ofie , 2015 is ing to be he year when the mileson of 1C warming will be reached - caused by gobal warming - whic will ead to unknown consequences in the fuure .
T old Meteorological Organizaion mde know publcly that 25 has ben the hottest yea on reod as wll as it having created re cron dioxide on average by burning ossil fuels .
These poblem ju announced recentl wl be issues to tlk abou at the UN ummit in Paris in three weks .
hen , world leaders wll be ngotiaing about cutting the inceased carbon emission coupled with the El Niño climae phnomeon .
tephn Belcher , drectr of e Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims ha humanity is to bame for limate cnges like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expted by scientists when gloa warming rse beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secreay of eery n clmte chage , Amber Rudd , wo considers climte change to be ne of the greatst problm in politics nwadys , de to its onsequences for te economy , global security a the fight against povrty .
She stands up for a globa ea confirmed at h UN umit by h leading states and therefore hese climt taget should be a oel for ter coutres .
Furthermore , cliate scietist Ed Hawkins expet a continuatin of global warming , clariing this statement th te exmple of Central nglan , whc has ware 20% more tn h global averag .
Globl warmng in general leads to ore natal isastrs like flooding , heatavs , water shortage an loss of harvests .
Facing these cosequences , a 4C warmig would be even moe damaging , accoing to Belcher .
Despite h rslt of a NASA sud oining out at the wud have be an c mass growth in Aarctica fo 2003 - 2008 , here is on a small chance of 5 - 10% hat this prognosi wil come true according to Prof Adrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the tdy hs alreay been roen wrong by 57 ther studies .
Althouh the ASA stdy ows a different result , t majorty of scientists see glbal warming as a angerous treat to this planet in terms of living conditios , enviromnt an economy an an ssue for the UN sumit in Paris .
he problem lies in the outdated framework in whic th W opeate .
iften whaling naton formed he IWC fte whale opulations collapsd .
The organsation was initially set up to conserve whales ny to th extent tha ey uld ontine to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritge ropeties trnscend aional boundaries .
Their qualiies a extraordinary so tha , no matter hich country they ae found in , a wo experiences th , th voe a sens of ondr and amiration .
To be ncluded on he Wol Heritge Li , properties mut be of outstanding universal vaue nd meet at eas n of ten slectio citeria .
h World Heritage list is important because it atrcts tourists an thes lanmarks are cherise by everyone aroud the world .
It is also protectd by NECO bcaus the have fun w animals or lants ; there ar endangered secies in that ara or th have a sgniicant importance in hstry .
World Heritage is the designatio fr places on ath tt r of outstanding universal vau to humanity d , as suc , hve been nscribed on the World Heritage List to be proteed f ture generations to appreciate an enjoy .
The te is th propery of the country on hos terrtoy it is loate , but it is cnsiderd in the interest of e international community to rotect the site f fure generations .
ts protection nd preservation becoes a concern of the intrnational Wrl Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage fr a site to beng inscribed on te it is that once a countr signs the Convenio , and ha site inscribed on the orld Heritage Li , the resuling prestige ten hlps rais awaeness among citzens nd governments of heritage preervaton .
Greater awrness lead to a enerl is in t levl of protection a onservaion given to eitage properties .
A country may also receie financial assistance and expert adice om the Wrd eritage Committee to support acivitis for th presevatio of its ites .
The disadvantages of ste not iclued on the World Heritage st are that the ite a not funded so ey ca n't protct hem for iks .
Moreovr , the remin on the lst of sites in dner withut receiig assistance .
In my piion , the sis in dange , unless they do o met te en criteria , should be protet by UESC .
It 's difficult , ut I ink that it is necsary to try to invent ew as to finance and deed the tural a cultural heritage .
Cricket is my assion .
I love payig , watching nd talking about it .
It 's my first passion n I hve been fllowing it since as fr back as my earliest memory goe .
Cricket is a team sport wih tahes us em ork , collaboration and strict disciine .
It als teaches us ow to overcome indvidua weaknsses and te advantage of others ' strength to scced as a team .
I started playin cricket in my early cldhood .
vn hen I was a kid , I trted playing with boys uc lde ta me .
It gave me a lot of confidece and a chce to improve my sills rapidly .
I ollowed criket religiously n have watched almost eey mat ndi played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my faorie cricketer .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has brken alost ever rcod in ciket history .
Aart from his cricketing skills , I ov his aility to handle pressure nd his cam nature in al situations .
If omeoe wat to learn more about cickt , I would advise him to watc the baing of greats li Sahin , raid , La and Pointing .
To lean more aou bowling , one should atc Akram , Warne and Murli .
I woud als advise raing me about cricket on ricinfo.com .
It has nc articles , reviews and statistics on many playrs nd game .
Reding biographies of some famous cricketrs wll lo hel tem to understand the nights of the game in depth .
Cricket is going thrgh a rugh pase e to math fixg and btting scandals .
t I am sure it ll om ot of his srog and will spead its ins all crss the world a oce again give t as a mgnificnt sow .
I met a frind abot e wek o , and he ased me a question that I ca n't so tinkin abut : wh is on my Bukt List ?
I ca n't sto thinking aut it , becuse I reaized th I a never stopped to think bou my life in sh a deep wa .
By the w , do you know what a Bukt List is ?
It is a lis of things that yo at to do beore u i .
I think it is kind of ad , th I do n't kow what I want to do , I do n't now what makes me tul hay .
About two week beore I met him , I atchd a ey beautiful moe caled " The faul in our stars " .
It 's aou a ee couple ho are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of hiking about lif and death .
hs movie touched me very depl , it ad me think about ife ad abu t y people usually live withot appreciating h really important things .
So , after watching ths movie and my friend 's question I ca n't hep thinking but my life .
Now I ve the fling that I need to ive oe , bt I have no idea wh ths " more " is .
Before tha , I d always thuht about gting marrie an haig kids as a way to nd happines , but ow I think tha , befr his , I need to do other things .
It is ve interetng to tnk tt it a ecesary to meet someone nw , from anohe entirely different cultur to ak me think aout what I wan .
It is very strae that anothr person became curious abou a ve poound art of me that I hae never tough of .
Wl , next Noveer I will trael to Eurp , the onl certain thing on my Bukt List tha I know .
Howve , n I have an awful feeli aot what I am doing today , becase for the first im in my fe I am sure that I need to change somethg , d I thin tht " somethi " is lmost eerythng .
Peoples ives wi change in he uure , nd I b it 's not or th beter .
Unlik popular understandings of Hitry ( and even prsumaby scientific ones , I must y ) , History is not an unstopable marc toards " progress " , whtevr that or mea .
It is a cyclical process .
me d its heyd in the first centuy AD , but just three cntries later , it was only a shadow of its pst .
Those ater period Roas were n't ee ae to make the ig qulity cement tha hir ancetrs ere ble to mk and ha tecnical mstry ve just a f centuries ealer .
And o n safely say at three cetures from ow humans wi possess all the technolical knowlede that they psses now and take for rated ?
No one an guartee suh a thing .
t I do n't ink , uless here 's ather World War , pople 's ive will hange dmatically in the next 50 years .
I thnk in the ext 50 year te a of technology wi have its pa , an ter that there il be a declne , until a nw Dark Age .
ut lt 's pick up h World War ypohesis r a scond .
A orldwid war is e oy case in whch we wld see a dramatic ange in peopes lies in he period of 50 years ro n .
But are thr , the ay , prosects fr a new Wol War ?
I do n't thi so , bt on t oher an , wha the hell do I know ?
T causes th will lead to a new Wod War m el be in existence rit o for ll I know , and no e , or only a e vry wise a intelligent people , no but it .
Oe dy in he uture , noher Frnz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolc event could ser gain as an excse or sm country to declare ar on another , but h ue underlying causes tht actually e the countries to wage war against eh ohr oud hve their roots in much older times .
As the causes of te econd World Wa had its roots in events that we h outce of the First War , a Thrd , hypothetical war , ould ve is roots in a pa coflct th may well hv haened lread .
But et 's not digress ino tha . That 's l another toic ta falls beyon the scope of the statement on which I was suppsed to write a copositin .
To : Sa
Fom : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : hodays e coming !
Hi m ,
It has ben a on tim sine we wr in touch a o I am very pleased that we r on holiday an we ca an someting tgether .
My famiy an I are gong to pen me days at h am plce we went to lat ear , at the Sunshine oliday Camp .
Do u remember it ?
I 've aread mentioned to you o uch fun I had here an y it w geat !
It uld be trrifi if o cae wit me . Is it possble ?
Could you ask your arets ' permission ?
In this mp , parents ae calm n do n't wrry aot thi chiren beause tey are in the ae of a age number of assitants nd the camp is situated on an ntire island .
In addition , the te was purpose built to provide places fi f young people , allowig them to do lo of activities in saety .
There are a wid range of activities promotd by the taf ll with the m of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports ctivitis !
There e two swimming ools , tw tnis court , one ootall itch , canoeing lessons and so on , but hat I like mos is the suba iving , and the equpmnt is provid .
The Cam is el - kown and oens from May to Otoer d it woud be good to book within two ees . It alays get overboked fo e peiod my parents n take day off . What do y think about omin with us from the 1st Augut to he 1h ?
I am oking forad to receiving yur anser !
Bt wishes
Sionett
The orbell rang uexectedly . I had falen aeep on the couc watching TV .
I g up and I made my a to the ront doo .
Outside sto he mo extraordinry - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elphnt hunte .
I s take aback , so I called my mohr , who was asleep wit er boyfriends .
Se came ow , b she di n seam .
Instead he started crig .
The an , as it tune out , was my fthr , who had been missing o 15 yer ...
I did nt know tha he was sil ive .
Mother had always tol me he hd ied in the war .
I think she d is for my own god .
I s ve bemusd by h situation and dd n't know if I liked hm or no .
In my reams I hd seen m as an intellectual t n he as in my sitig ro and he looked lik an elephant or somting xoti .
It s very odd to se him in my hme .
o we ll liv together .
Alhough th first days we dificult , ow we a get on well .
It is great to be a hole fmily aai .
h Grand Plce is the central square of Brsses .
It is surroundd by several od buildns sh as he city ha n the buildigs of t corporaions of the Middle Ages .
hese ere groups of people doin th am ork , sh as arpnters .
he helped each oer a the eder ne taght th youngsters .
Someimes , th became vy rich .
ach building is ecoated wit th azon of he corration .
Thir rchitectre is unique d bautifu .
Toay , mos of them house caés , shops ad restaurants tht attac a lt of toursts , but there is also h city museum .
The suare is covered ith paement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for istory ecaue it is e oldest Grn Plc in Europ and it is a part of te oldest neigbourhood of Brussels , whih is made of narow paved treets , old and all buildngs nd , amog otr things , chocolate shops .
Recently , sevral of te buildings hae ben estord and we ca now e their beautiful gilding nd crings better .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing sh with msic and lights on the façae of the uildings while a huge fr tree is placd in the centre of e square .
Wawel Royal Caste is e of te highest ranked mnuments in the histoy and ulture of Poan and Eupe , so during the sta in Polad it is ncessar to sit it .
h first Castle , called palatium , was built in the 11h century , and the remains of it re sill isble insie the wal .
During the next centuries it as expanded , d in the 1th cenury , finally ebilt in a Renaissane style , which has reaied unchanged til tody - the mo representative rmnat is probably he famous arcaded cortyad .
Ding te tour , th visitors are shown sever rooms a aartmets , as wel as the oyal Pivae Apartments with wrd - famus tapestries of the Polish kins ' ollection .
Another attraction of e tou is visting t Crown Treasury , where Polish coronatin insignia were store , d th armory .
Apart fm the fatured , there are al ma marvllou exhibitions in te Casle displaying its histoy as wel as te other collectin .
Whle visting Wawel Royal Castle n shod ot miss seing Dragon 's Den - a ca under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , th dagon of awl lived .
I recommend visting Wawel Royal Castle becaus of it beauty and uniqeness .
It is a symbl of a thousand years of Plish history and cutre .
Everon wil in omethig ntersting aon he varety of xhibitions n tours , and fr crtai , it wll be a emorable eperience .
I hav been learnig Englih as a second anguage since I as ten years od , hich means a very long me ago .
I tik I am ve lucky thn , beuse I have d h opportuity of learning English in a ntral way , witot books and togh lesons .
My eacher hought it was bett to lear by speakng , singing , a doing ter activitis in English , in a w similar to w we learn our own oher tongue .
Moreoe , I travelled to England n lived with English famils for a few weeks evry summer fom hen I stard learning until I was fiteen ears ol .
So I ge up thinking I could speak and rite qite oo English .
Even thug I do have little theoretical knowledge of Englsh grammar rules , I can me myself undesood in a orml conversation , and I can write an eail to a friend itout making o my mistakes .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced Engish exam in order to test my knowledge , hinking it wud be not very dificult f me to be successful .
I decdd to enrol fo a creative writing couse in order to practise my wrtng skills .
Durig th cour I had to ccompish some writing assinments and submit them to be evaluaed by my peers .
And the I ralied at least wo tings : the first o was that it is posibl to learn ho to write bter ; h second one was ha ven when you can make ourself generally understood , it is nt so easy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black ht , but it woud n't be a magic sho if he di n't know ho to perform e tic .
In the se w , I d th ideas and e wods but I ad to adt tht I needd to learn the rus of grammar if I wanted to do th mgic ric of recse and tylis writing .
Adolescence .
verybody say it 's the est period in r whle fe ; what they do n't remmbe is that it cn also be the worst .
Adoleence can be compared to a oggy path a , even when it sem ou c se something through it , in reality you ca n't .
Tis aul fog is composed of our uncotrolled emoions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend ht we kno a lot of things .
This could be one of the reans why we gt angry so easily and so oten ith our pants : ery time we discov smethin new or we a something , te judge us or ty begin some long speeches to r to change our ideas .
Anothr thing abo the relationship btween parents and adolescnts is e at tat they confuse r min .
As I said , adolescents cn be very confused nd if hee 's one thg tha gets under u sin , it is when mms say something and hn el us to do the opposite .
The wrt pat is that they t angry with us !
We 're cnfuse , they 're n cle , n the they also g agry n they 're surprised when we e mad at th !
It 's true that we shold always be rspectful , t somtimes it turns out to be ipossile , becue they do veryting to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in th relaionship th r parents is to fd a so of agreeen , eause in the end we do n't onl feel ager towards , the but as a lo of love .
Love : that 's a new feeling that adoescnts have to face .
It 's o h usual love hy 're used to feeling , ke lv for family and fiens , but it 's a ne kin of love .
It 's a kid of le tt struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in u stomach , it make us dive into a st of iaginar le .
That kid of love that we e in moie d we dream of ; t typ of lov hat does n't let us fall sleep at nigt .
It is a period in which we ae r ist experiences , and it is as scy as it is excting .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magical and in the follwing n you drown in he drk .
Dear roup leader ,
First of all , I would lke to tnk u fr the interest shown in o small vlage .
I really hope tat you have a nice welcme ad , please , fe at home .
Here , in alloca , thee are a o of places to vst , u I will recommend you a unique place , withou tourists , noi and rwded beaches .
On te es of Malorca yo ll id a smal and beautif village clld Aà .
In the municipality of rà ou will find a coastal twn , situated on e ede of h outain range of Llevn .
Sa Còia de Sant Pere is a radtional ishing village .
Nowdays , you can still s sme fshermen ishin on the seshore .
He ur dvnture stats .
In order to t to our dstintion , o must ride a bicycle a just enjoy t splendid panoramic vw .
Yo il rie as far as Ca los can , one of the most igmatic beaches of Maorca .
Ts zne is part of a protcte area , a atural pk .
or ta reason , you st cycle or walk .
As Machado sd " se hace camno al andar " .
It mea that the most imptant is h way , t journey .
Cycling near the sesore wt the breze of te sea is one of t mt relaxing experines in life .
On the way to Ca los as , yu il ee the typal Mediterranean vegetation .
There e a ot of trees caled " tamarells " , native ees of the coast of Malorca .
Moreoer , ou will ps bween two ancient obeliss which have bee recenl restored .
Fnlly , you will gt to Ca o Cans .
It is a pecia beach ih stones nstead of ad and surrounded by trees instea of hotels .
There you can pactise different sports .
It is a perfec plc to go diving because yo can see different fishes , sa urcis nd seawee .
There you can lo take a cane nd paddle in the qiet sea .
Apart fro ports , u sould note two different culture oits .
On te o hand , tere is wha remains standing of buildings that wee used to kep the mll boats of te loca fishermen fe from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistor tower called " Talaiot " .
The function of t Talaios is not clear yet .
Maybe it w a defensive wer or an impotant blding or igh - css people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the un oes down .
Th sunse in at place is ideal and roantc ( spcially if yo r with your artner ) nd you wil se hw th sun goes behind the mountain rnge of Trmuntana .
From that seashore yu can ee all the Alcúdi bay , part of he mountain rage of Trauntaa n h cape of Formentor .
Ca s Cans is a mixture of sea , aure and culture .
I am sure hat o will like it and , of course , I need to s u a favou : please , keep e ecret .
Regards ,
Paul .
Introduction .
Th aim of thi report is to outline the st and the wos qalities of yor etre aftr one year running .
This report analyses th t main failiies : the gym ad e swimig pool .
The gym .
he machines re ftastic and he saf is very helpfl with evry customr .
On the other hd , e ym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very ifficut to do exercise .
Th swimming po .
It is ideal o pepe h do t compete because of its length , about 20 etres .
Furthermore , it is no t deep , so it is exellent f pepl ho want to learn how to wi .
On the other hand , te chnging rooms are too far from this faciity , so it is asy to catch a old wn someone os from ne place to another .
Conclusios .
The facliies are quite modern and e staf are excellent but the g could be biger .
Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid e cold in he pasaeway from e haning rom to h swmming pol .
h Future of Public Transport
When we imagine te fure , we rarely imagie oercroded bues and rsty subwy rains .
As technologies deelop nd bcome cheaer , mre and mor pepl buy prvate cars .
A r allows us to ove faster ad not to deped on ters .
Travelling by car is also muc ore conenient .
es this l mn that e eas of plic transportatin are coming to an n ?
In my opinin , it is not true .
Firsty , hee wil lways be popl ho wil nt be le to fford to y a ca .
Studens , children from large familis , and old people il continue to u public transportation f a long time .
Sondly , cars ca lso tun into pubic tranprt .
Science fiction oft depict t futre as a orl hre cars are ed reely .
Aone c use the nearet r he or he ses .
Thrdly , peple do t have an inborn driving skill , so een in the ftur , children n teenager wil ned pblic transportation .
This is also true for oler people , h lose h ability to drive as ey ag .
In conclusion , blic transportation is not ikey to disappear , at east during th next decades .
Te cha bove ive se information about the verge ontly salaries of nrses n doctors in four differnt countries .
According to the car , the two countries wih the lowest salaries are Country A d County B.
hee es are called " source countries " , whih means that hey provide a suply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with he hghest saliaries r country C and country D. Differntly from the first w countries , the ones are alled " destination countries " ecause the heath car servce is provie by foreign a qualified workes .
oreover , in t irs tee counries , doctors en abut wic as much as a nurse earns , apat from h last country , Country D. In this one , the alry gp between doctors and nurses is gger tha in other contries .
In Coutry D , he salaries of docors ar about three time higher than those of nurses .
In conlusin we cn say th , from te standpoint of doctrs ad nses , workng abod is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well - know an well - loe sot in mot countries in th world . However , it is aso punishin , dangerous an diliked to te extnt that ny people want it bned , possibly with good reason .
Bxig is a dagerous spt . There e relatively common deats , tragic injuries and ee disease .
All profssonal bxers ae at isk frm bein killed in their nex ight .
If ot killed , then more likely parlsed .
Ter ave been a numr of cases in the last n years of the tp f boxrs having tragic lsses amog their ranks .
This is ut frm the elite fw , an there 's more ro thse below hem .
Moe deaths woul ccur through oxin if it wre banned .
The sport would go underground , and ther would be no safety measures lik glves , a doctor , paramedics or arl stopping of the ight if someone loed unable to continue .
Wth ti going on , the people taking part wll be dangerous , and on te streets .
Dangerous dogs who were traned to kill ad maim in similar underground dog fiht have aleady proved deadly to inocen people . e n boxers could be even more at isk .
nc boxing is banned n no - one grows up nowig it as acceptable , there will be no intrest in oxing ad , opefully , ss l oud inteest in vioece , making towns and ciies mu sae places to live in . Tere will be ss fghtig outside pbs and club nd lss violent atacs f little or no reson .
Changng th ules of boxing slightly would uc improve e safety risks of th sport an not detract rm te entrainment .
There are al sorts of prposals ; lighter and ore cushioning gloves could be wor , ban punche to e ha , headguards wrn , or make fights shore , as most of e serious injures occur in the later rods . These would al sow f h bxer ' skll and talent and still be etertaining to ath .
en if a bxe is a success and manages ot to be seriusly hrt , he stil acs serious cosequences in ler lif . Diseases th attack th bain hae been known to set in as a direct rslt of boxn . Een Muamed A , wo was infamous ( ? ) oth or hi boxng d his quick - witted intligence , now a Alhemer 's disease an c no longer do many eeryda acts .
Many thr sors are me dangerous thn boxin ; moor sorts nd ve mountaineering hae rik that r rea .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
In mn of he minity works of morn literature , there cn be oe emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although uh a show of sength by hes works ' charaters is someime vieed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the therwse inightfu thought of the author , it is hi cnflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature re based .
owever , such a reblion n no be seen clary in ea minority work , n , therefor , te products of ehnc American literature can n be ctegorzed as merely he rsult of yer of oppresso .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature ceates an specially important necessity that each work be cnsidred individually as oth a prdct of year of srugle and a ork iherenty distinct from any her .
In the minority wrks , the conflict and rebelion presented accurately reflects society as a whoe , and althogh the mother s in The o uk Cu rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tia in Like ater fo Chcolate figts to overcome old famly traditions , an the Indian tribes in Lve Medicin trugle to scur tei inhernt rights from te US governmnt , h characters ' conflicts refect smila conlits of other clturs .
Rebellin is sen not as a distinct foc in minority cultures , bt rather as a bindig forc beteen al culres , fo Celie , too , reists her arranged marriae in The olor urple , and e mrdeous loves in Jazz relec Ta d Pedro 's dstrutive pssion in ke Water for Chcoate .
Rebellion and conflict r emphasized in ethnic Amerian literature , but they are porrayed no more strongly in minoity works than they re portrayed in othe pees of lieratre .
mpasis changes with each ok , d although figures of autority are particualy oppressive in works such as ie War f Cocolate d e Color Purpe , othr minority wrks including Love Mecine d zz do not eflct the cearl defined authoriarian figures nor the oious rebellion of the characters ' esponsie action which the previously mentioned woks show .
Tis gin implies that tse ehnic American pices of liteature can not be categorize as merel rebellou responses to oppressn , ut as idividual reflections of rsonal an cultural expeiences .
o doe oltaie tackle t question of pilosohical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Pilosopical optimism -l'ptimism- is th philosophy that everything d any occuence is f some go .
olaire sets ut in Cadide to criticise ths pilosphy .
In Candide , h representativ of thi philosophy is Panloss , h philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Tonks .
Th whole bo is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For xample , when Candide is forced to join the Blgar army he is beaten lmost to deah , but Candide does not concern himself becaue he know it is for hs own god - in fact , later in the book he uses his trinng to become a soldr .
Although th wold se to be good , it is not . Beause of his rining , he klls to en , a ew and an Archishop with no esitaton nd then prceeds to ill h seethert 's brother .
Voltaire shw hi dilke of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Cande an James are caught in a a storm at sea in wich Jme is drowned a there are nly three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss an a sailor .
The strm s cased by an earthquake which destroys t city to hich Canide w ailng .
On arrival th see starvation a eth .
Cadie is obviously horrified , especially hn te sailor begin pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pnglos for an ansr , u Pangloss a only tell him that some god will om of it .
Candide , altogh remaining te to e idels of optimim , alas apears to be sceptical of it .
This is no ore true an he he rrivs in e ne word , Sth Ameri , and as to leave i darling Cnégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Cadid can not see what pssible good can come of ths , especally as the reason that he was in merca was e to him killng th Je an Archshop because the were Cunégode 's oers .
Throughout the bok , we bgin to ee how Cadide is grdualy led awy from l'optimisme or , peaps more importaty , how l'opimisme is shown to be the philosoph of despair .
T constant beli that od can ce from ad is no acualy inspirin ut lea to a constn flow of disaster .
Candie 's lf , in th ook , appears to show this .
He is thrown t of Thundr - d - Trck becuse he embraces Cnégonde , he is uped in the ar , he is caugt in an earthquake , he is lmost killed as part of an to - da - fé , he kills three hurchen , he is almost eate , he finds Eldorado but lave - the li continues .
ndide 's ife is gverned by h belief that god wil prevail .
Eventually , of core , he des marry Cunégon , ut she is not th eautiful young flowr that he once loved .
She has become gy a grows worse by the day .
hs illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optmisme .
Candide has traveled he world in serh of Cégonde , with the hope ha he wil marry he . Despite all t toube which he s one thrugh , of course , in the e he does get Cuégone but at he price of her los and personality .
Voltaire , in ndide , shows how the hlosophy of ptmism is one of despair , not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the varios Eropean Communities as an embryonic United States of Euope ; especially whe we hea poiticians talk of the importance of Eurean Uty .
However , it is important to ealse that Europe is a very lng ay rom becoming anyting like the Uted Sate .
When h rginal 13 American saes resolved to or what is now e Unite States of America , th wee inen on forming a poliical as well as econmi enit .
They were pepared to yeld as muh of their own sovereignty as woul be essential to allow e newly - formed national governmnt to operate as a sngle international political force .
A alance a therefore struck in h consttutio to llw th ndividual states as uch sl - government as possible hile ensuring ta , for example in ilitry matrs , he cetal government spok or a .
It is tu that tday one sil hears the old ispute over sta sovereignty and attempts to return me owe to h individual states , but no - one would challenge the ac tha , on matters external to the United States , the govrment in Wsington repreens the sole polic - mkig body .
In urpe it is quit clar tht any peple wld lk to see a political ion of the coutries , ine this ould produce a rmidable interaional military force .
Hoeer , it is equaly clear that while there migh be om unified poliical acton flwig fr th European Cmmuities ( such as was seen vr Europe 's resons to th British involvement in the Fallan Islands disute ) , the Communities were inteed as purey economic entities in e irt place .
Membeship aost certainly ivolve so lo of national sovereignty , b th Unitd Kingdom could prably leve the community by a smple majorit vote in the estminster arliament , something which no stae in the Uite Stte cold lfully do .
We are till a very long w from a Singe Parliament fr Westrn Euop with power to ma political decisions for ll , an even ith 199 approaching and a single mket , e gu between e UK d Europe is ery wid .
The supremacy of Parliamn wil nve be challenged .
Its bility to mak a break an aw - made by it or Euope - means that it retans full sovereity .
Even if toy it made lw ha would unite it fully th Erpe and reinquish ts vereignty r ever , it could tomorrow repel al those las .
T ft that Parliament does not bind iself or can ot be bound by ny political bod mean that it cn never le i sovereignty nles a majority of t population wishd it and Pliament consented .
B wth h average jingoisic Briton tee is no chance of us curing ourselves of ou xenophobia nd evr wishing to be flly integrated with Europe .
Even now the channel tunnel h jine us to t contnent we still coider urslves to be separated from he world , standing alone agaist a osile worl .
Natural , th problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefts that we would presumably ultimatly eceive .
It seem to me tha , fr the pat few centres , Brtain a lwys consideed itself to be detachd fm h rest of rope .
Whenever neessary , she h allied herself to Eropean owers , ch as in tmes of war or extrme distrust .
Bitin h been eger to mintain a seur balance of per on t continent , but throughout history , she a been ore concerned wi her ersees empre ha wth anywhre else .
In t st alf - entury , hough , er empire has dminished ad sh has d to fe moutig responsibility in urope .
Because of he history of isolaed sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
F instance , Brtish law is based largely upon preceen , at is , udgemnt de law .
We have esablished a systm of law which ates back many centurie , an which is wdely known nd respected .
Ther is vey little European influence on ur w , of course . In many reects it ill be th sam , but t lac of ifluene will isplay ay differences .
Wih the creation of a single Europe , e w will ve to be accepted throughout e content , and it wl cas both confusion n conflict .
h British tend to be vey pod and possessive of he law , an hanges may well cause ll - feling a discontent .
Of coure , the se points will pply to he monetary sytm in Euroe .
Wil ere js be e system ?
The cutry typically is agains jor change n something as fundamental as moy uld cas proles if it was to be altred .
Ou individual onetar ytem , I suppose , uld be see as a smbl of sovereignty .
It can be said tht if a igle Europe a cread , problems may arse ve its fundamental political conepts .
Of course Britain woud lose hr sovereignty , as oul t othr nations of h union .
It h been suggesed that te Sile Unon ould be based on a bsc federal structure , whreb local autonomy cold be saved , but he uon as a whole coud work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty w ls , some national personality uld be preserved .
The fat is that , when unied , European nity would stll , in essence , be divided .
Thee wll always be aspects of n society tha th other will nev accept .
Europe as a whole faces the me problems , and therefore , if a igle Euop was crate , uniting Brtain , the problems could be dealt wth quicky and efficently .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a Eropean uniy , he ould do thei best to acheve democracy nd prmoe it nationally , so tt individuality is preserved , and hat all of thir positive features will be nown .
The poblem facig the Briih , really resus fm eir isolated past .
e soveignty of he ntion has dee root , an the fears of losing it are really gra .
Whethr this wuld happen awit to be een , nd would dend completely on h terms of e union , and t negoiations and feelgs of the genea public and the polticias leading t countries .
Wih 992 ow oy a year away , the quesin of hat a Single Europe ill mean fo Biain ecmes increasingly relent .
I firmly bleve that e advent of 992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
hs oss ed no however be negative .
In ct , in politcal , economic and defence erms , I ee thi reallocation of resources ca and will be very positive .
ilst , to a certain xten , I my be ulty of havin an island mentaty , I would n't go as a as to say Britain is in dnger of handing all conrol oer to faeess bureaucrats in Brusses or Srasbourg .
Throghou th world , a wd of chane is apparent , bu espeially so in Europe .
This prcess will continue an Europe n he rest of the wrl wil evlve with or witout h articipation of Britain in this proess .
It is my elef that Britain must be nvoled in the decision - ming which will eventaly dcide e e rld order .
Howeer , to be fuly involved , sarifices ve to be made .
Sh sacrifices ll invov ertai aspects of o sovereignty .
In relinquishng nd thus centralsing certain pwes , th a is not to diminish h strenth of individual nations u to increase the ovrall ipact of Eupe on the wrl stage .
As amply demonstrated by ecent events in th Gl , European cooperation in t field of defence an be both impresive and effective . Whlst I would be relucant to an oer all ctrol of dfnce to any cental body ,
I c see a fuue for oe or of European rpd reactin oce .
hist , to an exten , cippling deence costs uld be cut , this ould t necessariy lead to a reduction in he size of defence available .
In plitical ems , rerdless of legislation , Briain , like the rst of Europe , is becoming incresigly cosmopoltan in terms of the opulaion 's composition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as eope move btween contries .
I feel it is importnt for riain to join flly wt s European partners to adapt to these chnges in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Posibl pobems shld be stuied n solvd if possible before the hape .
E.R.M. is aledy un us , u in tis are I feel Briin should be especially careful .
hilst o pretending to fully unestand this ystm , I do no that no system cn lower interest rates , and inlaion while raising growth , wih the osible excepton of the Mgc Circl .
In he aea of te ingl currency , again I feel this is inevitale .
What is imporant is to bse ti currecy on the strong currenci within the EEC as oposed to an average - based system .
To onlude , I woul s a single Erpe is alead appenng nd tat it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain us nt concern itself with ls of soereignty but gai of he European equivlet .
If we miss the boat I think we wil drown bfre t ex bat com .
When te treaty of Rome was signed in 197 , the foundation was ld for a new " cninent " - a nied Europe .
It was sai that Europe oul n be crate quickly , bt over seveal years .
When Briti enerd the European ommunity in 193 , atr a national reerendum , the ebate beg conceing Bitain 's relationship wt Euroe .
Wn 1992 was t as te te or te Snle Eurpean Makt , the debt fred up gai , b ver w far Britain should be itgrated .
The et of rope seems prepared for 1992 , ut riain seem to be decidedly hesitant .
Th frer Prime Minser , Margrt Thather was not ben to lead Bitin int a Unted Europe becaue s fel it woud lead to a loss of or sovereignt .
hre is no doubt an integrated market wul hav multiple benefits for h countries involved .
usinesses n ohr tadng organizations are preparing themselves or 192 , n the single markt .
rae will be easir , with no frontier conrols , allowin free flowing transportation of merhandise .
There il be business booms and free competition ih th remova of protective practic , along with reater freom to travel .
Many Britons woud consider Europe has ffcted Britain to muh aleay , with decimalization , he ne uo - passpors a now the pund sterling eng tied to the ECU .
They y feel Britain is ein plled into Euroe .
Further changes ar forcast or ritai , affecting day to day matters , to ceate a " European tandad " .
his a mak Brito resetful of Europe and tie of " 1992 nd all that " .
A igle market equire n entrl insttution to co - ordinae all movements of oods and policies .
ll the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed rom trasourg or Brusels ?
ny eople would not .
Will he da co whe h oud sterng is taen over by the ECU ?
It may well - bu wil Briton he a cane to voice their opnios d views ?
Eure may agu tht h benits fr a single integrated market wuld far tweigh any national drawbacks .
As e date aws nearer , the awreess of Britons abo rope must increase .
he must ok nto h futu and cnsidr possible effcts .
Wll Bitin be drawn ino Europe agains i wll ?
ehaps as or of Bitai becomes " Eurofied " , itons will wak up and see their svereigny is bng takn away .
Britain has nevr eographically bn a part of Europe .
We ar in t EEC and we shuld be bl to enefit fro free trae .
We have been an island for too on - being idependent a able to stand lon .
We ae a sound democrtic proce , wich mn pole would n want to giv this up .
A fll integrated market ith Brtan as a full memer would be to the detriment of o poltcal system and conseqntly ead to a loss of soereigty .
There has been such a lot of tl about a Single Europe in recent yea that it is hard to believe ha it wil be upon us vr soon .
Nw tat it is a eality , and o st a probaility , e queson in the ins of many Britons is , indeed : Wl ti man a loss of overeignty fo itain or the irth of a nation ?
Firsty , a positive pprach .
Looking at things rom an economic perspective , this is not a rblem .
The enefits in terms of cost - cuting win to don thing one , instead of telv times , will be eormus .
rms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be al to devote more tim to rsearc and dvelpment , ad thus products will improve .
urpe will therefore be a ntion to be reckoned wih as regards competition .
To ook at things on a more individual lee , every member of th nw Single Europ 's stdard of livg should increase .
A greaer potntial of ide rom a greatr nmer of expers wil , in theory , resul in more knowledgeale and better - informed indiiduals .
Simplicity is one of he Commisin 's key as , with e da tht if things are simpler nd ore es for everyone to understand , people will be happier , e on beter .
If is is so , he shuld ao ork better .
Ideally then , ther should be me equality , le crme , greater productivity ad gater ecnomic growth .
On the other hand , will ti Sinle Europe mn a lo of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be remebeed tt not on ds Briain have a small population compare to te majority of the ote meber tate , u it is an islnd - which no of the others ar .
Why should this matte ?
el , Britain has quite a history n threfoe a fair number of traitios .
It is posile that it could become engufed in e new Single Europe and lose ts identity .
Britons ( epecially those from oldr gneratons ) may tn fe " lost " and tat th do not eally " belong " any ore .
e new Singl Europe may be too w and unknown fr them to make their llegiance to it .
Ten there is te question as to whether all this idealism really il work .
Wi thr be greater prosperity , better - infrmed , happier tizens , or il this never me off because of politcians eig unle to agee on plicie ?
Britain , although small , is mo oten tan t at h fo of international maers , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
s it then not g ute a l at ake , s character at les , in integraig itsel in this Single Europe ?
No one would dsute that this is a difficult question .
T fact remains however that next ear ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a ngle Euoe .
Th , as veryone is well aware , is t goin to be achieed with ae , but h moe tolerant every member state is of each ter , the mre successfu he Single Europe il be .
It is up to Britain herefre to acpt ti fac and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolernc .
Th we will l be able to ok at the future in a more postive way .
e Euroean Community is a uniu groupng of telv sovreign European Member Stts who are comitted to t development of closer ecoomic and political co - operation .
Th community has an aim to brak down th economic ad political barries ht have traditionally divided uope .
In particular , the community seeks to faciltte grater movement within its frontiers ; movement o ol of goos but of services , apital a peope .
However , te issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one : to what exten should a member ad over ts sovereignty to the Cmmunit , if at all ?
Let us look at he onding of the European Community , beore we discuss h issue of sovereignty in me etail .
hre were seveal attepts at peaceul unificton afer the Firt orld W , bt onl afer Europ h aain been deastaed by wa was the futility of nationa rivalry truly apparent .
The political nd coomic exhaustion of the European staes called f a fresh start d a a mo radcal approach to the re - ordering of urope .
This fresh start cae about because of hree main factors .
irst was Europe 's reaization of her own weaness , ate having lost her ae - old positin at te centre of e world stage to th United Stat of Americ and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were econmiclly , militarily and politically stronger tn h dvided individual European states .
Second w the conviction tha iitary conflict should in future be avoded ; after all , t two great wars d oth eun as European " civil wars " . Third was e omon desire o a beter , freer wrd in which international relation uld be onducted in a moe orderly wa .
ne of h first major mov toads Europen intgratin a te creation of th Europan Economic Community , in 195 .
It memberhip h grown fm h ten riginal fnder counrie to tety - hree .
O of t most innovave features of he European Comuniy compared with other internatinal bodies is tt the mmer stte ha cede to it a part of thei nationl sovereignt nd endowed it it t o overein pwers , which it ca us to adopt acts , having the fore of nationa law .
is nvl aprach to polig national sovreinty is caled " integration " .
The 197s saw progress in integration , with h introduction of commnity poicy instrument , whi enabled greater scope f national policies .
A of the member stte agee in principle to th idea of a single maret by 92 , howevr ec wih their own ntrests to be safeguarded .
This is to ay that none want to sacrifice their nationl soverigny , many want unaimous voting , n majority votn .
Many ee his issue as a threat to their own regulations d lw , and coud lead to a dro in standards if they do nt stn fir .
h situaion is see as a thrat to the countries in qustio , who do not wish to boldly give up teir sovereinty f th ake of European unity .
Whether or t e contiuaton of the progress in the fil of Euopan unty is successful depends ey much on t people of Europe .
If a eeling of European unt develops a ca be sustained , he threat will subside as a eeling of ietity tkes over .
On Brtain 's rds hre is an eer - increasi volume of traffic .
h rad network is no longer ble to cry hs traffic withou hold - ups and traff jas .
To remedy ts , the government hs started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of r otoways an costruting rng oas and bypasses , with mixed reception .
Whie he road ystem is being improved , hee seems to be an enless series of roadwoks which restrict th highways and cause further elas while th oadwors are in pce .
Te inability to cope wh the amount of tafic on the pat of te road system obviously icrases the risk of driers havin an accidet nd the drivers ha to be onstantly alert as they ae neal always in capaity trafi .
It mgh seem an eas solution to thi mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. h railways .
People are no takng to the ri sysem because of is lack of itegration due to the rcent privatisaion of dfferet areas .
It ha ben sow th diffret cmpanis charge diferet fares f exactly the sam ote !
Th main disadvantage ih the railways is , as the rail sevce a e bus serve re normall ond by ifferen companies , it is probable th it is n possible to lk no a bus of he train .
If t services ere integrated , there uld be a s tietable whi coicided with the tain arrival ims .
Then people would be more likly to catch the ran , as they would nt hae to look forwards to a lng walk , ai for a bs or py f an expensive ti ride .
My soluio to the poblem woud be to mprve he ril syste d t relted b services . This would ge people off h roads and onto te tain .
To improve the ral evice , trans ave g to be tied to rrive and dprt at key imes , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock n eve at hal ast six .
The trai n us companies have to liaise with each oter ad he train fares ae to remin relaivly chp , i.e. te sam price as or less than it oud ot to go by ca .
The basic diema facing he UK 's ra an roa trnspot syte is the general re in population .
hs eads to an increse in the nber of commuters ad ransport uses evr year , conseuently putting pressure on th UK 's transport ework .
The biggest worry or t system is h rapid rs of car sers uside te mar ities .
Mst lrge ities hae managed to ncourage commuters to se pblic transprt , thu ecresing major congestion in ush hour periods .
Public transport is the obiou soluon to th increase in e population . If it is made cep for commuters , clean , asy and efficient , th it cld take te strain f of the oerladed British ads .
r commuters wh regularly travel long distancs , il transport shold be mae more appealing , more comfortale d caper .
Mtorways ad other transport links are cntantly being extendd , wdeed and slowly turning the countr into a oncete jungle , y it is ol ring to ope with the increase in trafc . We are u own eny !
nothe maor problem crated by the ass of veicular tranprt is the plution emitted ito t atmosphere , damaging t ozone laer , cretig smog ad forming acid rai . Torturing th Earth we are living on .
In conluion , I ws to propose clean , efficie comfortable n cheap public traspor f e near futue .
T modern taffc j is w a familiar situation to neary al of the westrn wold 's poplation .
If eery me we u or cas to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mie tail - ba , wy do we still inist that we trael in such a .
To illustrate my pin , if vry time you ook a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyne would sop akig it .
So why do we still insist on travellin on the rod ?
he most likely answer ies in 2 areas . irstly , e attitude of many westerners is hat it is thi right to travl in ch a manner .
This , in my piion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far ad away no ' reny ' who wants to make everyone ie in teep s a a soya ba su . However , I do agree hat soethng should be done about he volu of trffic that is on our roads tody .
e government 's anwer to the conierably grwng amont of taffc on u roads is just to back ove . hey are not en atemting to tat the cae , thent more a mre people ar now driving .
We al feel ta we have a diine right to be on the oad .
Wy ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of he population of e world ) , have e rght to s the resoucs of the rs of the world at this environment cs ?
Just because we can no be othered to t out of d a bit earlier to cch blic transport .
Even if we d , en , urly , so does the rest of the world .
That coud have disastrous implications .
Te 2 reason , is t problem tha he pblc transport service , or example rai , is declining so uc ; there is no train to ach in t morning .
People stopped using trains cause of the ll in stadards . Tese people wer foced onto the rod , outes bcam unproftable and so wee loed and services ut bak , oring mr peoe onto th rods .
he whoe yste has now formed a spiraling irce of ad u .
his h no een intensfid with th al of the railways to priate al companies , profit motivated .
e ial , smal ri links m o be closed , whres reviously they wre subsiied to mk up the loss . Now the private companis can ot afford to do his , so my ill close , cutting off mall ons n villages .
e only way to op h cire will be to rek it , an the oy people to do this is the government or urseves . If we make the effort to s public ransport , it will expand it a oo service . Unfortunatel , te public se to be apathetic toard his ie .
oda , boxing hs become a very poplr sport , with TV chnels competing for coverage of certain evets and fighters earning a lot of mney , ths is a bi business .
Apart from ahletcs , boxing sems to be e nly ppulr international port at which Britai can still hold s head hh .
We av superb fighter with excellnt charcters , such as Lennx Leis , Nigel Bnn , Nasheem Hamed and u beloved Frk rno .
Despite bing enjyable to watch , boxing is very dangers .
Blo to h ead an cus th brain to ratle about te skull , hich may cause a brai clt or tur .
Last year , e fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wason led to calls or boxin to be banned when Micheal Watsn slipped into a oa and ws in a crticl condition or so moths .
Many youths in low incoe aea see boxn as ' a way ut ' , a cnce to make it to the o and arn a lo of moe on th w .
here a , however , people h regard boxing as barbaric , rutal and pritive .
Thee peole are th there is no nee for oxng and that it oly promotes violence .
Duig th fih , es , of course it is violent , ut this is controlled violence ad fighters he a mutual rsect for ach other .
All precautions re taken to ensure a saf fight .
Drng fights doctors re kept close to the ring and ve the authority to al it o prmaturel if reqired .
Amulnces are ao kept on tand by at big events .
Athough it m sou crel , I do nt believe that ay fighter has entered a profesioal boxing career ithout knowig e risks .
Because there are so many buddig young boxers , to ba boxing wou be insane , snce it woul almot ertainy go undergroun .
Undrground fights are r re dangerous , since less protective ar is used and there uualy is n't a doctor present .
Takin ti io account and considering that bxig is aot urtng t opponent , it ca be said ha boxng is a relatively sf sport .
Although far les popular , there e oher sors which are fr more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use ter knees d elbows .
The argment continues , t fr the sak of afty in e ln term , I do nt hik boxing will be banne .
Whih is gd ews for the majority of e Bitih public .
Two men , on rg , ony e n lave . Dramatic it my be , bt basiclly that is te mai principa of boxing .
Alhough , throughout he years , rules hav be mad to dilute the sport 's sadisi sde , should boing be banned ?
Every ti a boxe et punched in he ea , i rin moes vigorous inde his ull .
This causes e oxer to lose many brain cels per oxing figt and if hs occurs frequeny , hen he boxer ca end h career with brai dmae .
In my eyes and pobaly h ye of thes , hi is rason enugh for e bannn of boxing .
The sport , to say th lest , is ctully a blood sport . h simle reason beig that the ie of the spot is to ' knock your opposion o ' , altough this is agued by Chris Eubnk , ho believes he is a sprtsman and the idea of boxng is an rt form . He sas that he de n specifically go into a boxing ring to knok his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank ll due espec , most of his fights have be w on point .
But ere is one eeption - the oiginal example , t fis reference to h boxing should be banned . The tragic accide where Michael Wtso was put nt a coma by Chis Euak ( the man o dos n't specifically go into fights to knk hs opposition ot ) .
is example onl roes to ell what a dangerous so - caled ' sor ' oxin is .
e boxin federation is trying to do as mu as it ca to ae e ' sport ' safer : having ringie doctos , anning bare and fights , but te p and botom of t arument is at any bo to the head causes considerable daag .
There is always mc peculation vr th angrs of suc a brutal sport as boxing .
his is emphasised and exaggertd wen a compeitor in the prt tagically die .
A recent death in t ring ha inevitaby led to a puic proar on h saety of the sport , d the cntoversy ver whether the sport shold be bane or no is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us cosider ow a professional boxer ould feel .
He is lerly aware of the dangrs and brualsm of the sport , which is possibly hy he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hr any bxer regret his choice of carr .
T excitement of ein in he ri , he joy at knocking an oppoet onto e anas , and all th money that is there to be me are overwhelming factors which ke boxers fighing .
The money that is there r the taking r he vry bt of h best is ridiculous , and with om top boxers arning sums of money sh as £ 20 milion ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback ce , $ 60 million ! ) , it is ardl surpiing ho important h sport cn be to some .
e us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view yso 's " next iv Lights " .
This membe of the pbic de no want te port to be banned eter .
Now , lt us consier the friends or family of a boxer who has ben permanentl injred ( or been killed d to a figh ) .
Tse indviduals d others learning about the tragi incident in the meda protest against the ort .
he faml , o we originally against t idea of their son finising college early to tak up e sor , would be leading the protests against boxi .
How plesed , proud and atriotic the Brtih ublc fet when Frank Bruno chieed his ulimate al and became e hvyweight champio of th ord . Yet w sorry many were to see hi eurn to boxing ater his had injuries earlier in is career .
Tis hypocrtical vie is shared by so mny that wheter bxig should be banned or n wl reman a controversial issue for the oreseable future .
There were 2 main objectio ased against h introductin of he national lottery .
e frs was he objection at e lottery would be litle more than another orm of taxatn , in fact , none tha that , a x on the poo .
The second nd an bjection came from charities wo pedictd th hritable donations would go down th the itroductin of h lottery , as peopl wul be lss likl to ive money to chart , instead uing a lttery ticket , wih the excu tha some of the money spent buying he icke wod go to chrit .
There wa ls som controversy ver he awadin of the loter orgnsation franchise , wic evntally ent to Cameo , whih wa not seen as the strongest contender r th bid : ote ompanies or consortiums proied to giv more moy to chart wi lower running costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give l of s profits to chaiy , ut was rejected .
My person objection to Caelo as e lottery organisr is that a age prportion of he consorium are merica or foreign irm , or exampe IBM has a sizeable take in Cmelo .
Th British natinal lottery is n by n - British firms .
Since its itrouction , here h been mre controversy er h national lottery .
When it promised to gve 45 pene in every pound to charitable causes , it neglecd to romise that most or a of his money would go to chariy .
hre has so be sme controrsy or the allocation of money .
Fo exmpe , 3 million pounds were given to Eton colege , on of the rihest pblc schools , for a gymnasium . Money ws als given to te yal pera ouse .
The lottery seeed to be a revers obi Hood : sealng from th po to give to the rich .
T lottery has also suffered allegations ha it is additive , especially with the introduction of scrah rds .
It hs been claimed that it is so addictive hat people will spend a their available ca on lottry ticets , onl to be disappointed .
It has been calculated tht only 4 pece ut of eery pound rcived by the loter goes to charitabl causes . h res is tax the prze und , prfits , n the so - called charities .
It s lo be calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is oe in millions , i.e. ighly unlike .
It has ao been aleged that the jakpos re oo high . Mot of the luky winners ae sa themselves tat te jckpo had uied their life , alienating them from iends and aily .
In conclusion , I think hat t lottery should be retained , but ot in it pesen form . I thin tt ackots should be capped at 2 mlion puns , and he prize und shad between mo people : it is better to ve fourten peol a fortue than to give fourtee frtues to one person .
I wol alo emov y Americn busiess nteests and ve the charity moy to a me deserving ' charity ' .
w the loter is in place , it wud be ver difficult to reov it from society .
Te compter h en one of the mo influential inveions of ll time .
Computers n domiat the majority of government biness , science and comunication , as el as many ther areas of human life .
In many was , it ha ake t place of te huma brain in prforming calculations nd thught poceses .
h ot obvious example of tis is th calculator , an instruent used by mathematicians and cietists for makn numerical calculations .
Ths ha made it no longe necssary fo umns to perom calculations and u thrugh equtions , and so they need not understand the principles ehind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means tat the genius scentist is bein relaed by he oerful coputr a i operator , h needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may see an extreme view , as tere is till much in the wrld of maths a scece hih a comutr ca not calcuae , t ts may not be the as ceturies no the fure .
Computes hav en ued as a mas of keein ecords , they have all but supereded handwitten text , ( in a few decades people y well be ace with a comptr screen d keyboad in their Geneal Studies exm ) , they are ed to transfer mony across the globe , een to cree artwork and to entertain .
ompute generated pctures , incluig ' ractal ' pctres , rwn rom equations , seem to be mo popular than hand pritd imas fr an arist 's imaiation , and coputer gmes se to provide ore etrtainment th any game or activity that kes lce in the real , physical world .
Virul reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment creted for te by a ompute .
Whehe or not te computer is tkng oer fro the huan bra , it h certainly mad the umn boy all but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be cotated at any int around e gloe by fa machines , e - ml d the internt , and some people pefer these forms of commuication to actually meeting face to fae .
Money an be tranferred instany withou even needing to ov t actual one - the phyicl coinag de n't matter , it is the computer records tht stae hw muc each bank a owershp of .
Hwevr , th iea tha the human bra is no loger useful is not entirely true ! Computers can not ea wt humn beis , av no capacity r coping wt anyhin outside thei expced situation , an n t adapt to e siations using dgement .
Human beings fte act without logic or reason , and only other human eings cn cope and deal with ha .
Also , computes can break do , a then a human is nedd to take conrol - sch as an airline pil - and there a sill cetai taks nly a human big can perform , and te are fte among e simplest .
Tey cried , they chered .
heir faces epressed y , triumph , prid and perplexity .
e old watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by te images of t TV , expecting somethg ew at every moment n o wanting to miss it . I remember tht day it a the only topic of converation at school : " ave yu ear ? " , " I ca n't belive it ! " , " ftr all tis ie ! " , " I never thought it would appn .
" We all felt hat we er living ne of those htoric moment tht yo read about in a history ok ad were proud to be a pr of it . It ws Nvmber 9 , 989 , e day ta e Wll fll in Berlin .
Within a f weeks , te ecitement d died down and eople ad turne their atentio to more ecen news .
But o me , this had been the stt .
It was the tar of wht our nw President uh likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold ar .
It was he vent that ga the people of te Easern Bloc countris the pe tht thr effrs we o in vain . o 40 years , h people had suffered under a communist reime hat had not allowed hm to xress themselves frely or to leave teir homelands in search of a nw ife . Mny pole a tred to espe .
Some d een executed . I had a classmate whose father ad ecaed frm Hungary -- he had left his fmil and friends , his whole if , a a set out for Wtern Europ with little money .
I akd hm once if he ha n't been cared , scared of what he uld fi oe he let .
He ol me that nothing col compare to the way he had been forced to live his if tere . Even thgh I hd los touch wit this classmte , he fthr 's wods re wit me as I watched e events unfd in rmany .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , h peol of Hunar , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rse gainst communist regime as wel . Now , thr yas later , communism as we one knew it no loger exss .
Whether the people are happier or t , I cn no say .
However , they will have at least seen the " other ide " .
Their strugges an hopes of foty years will not have been in vain . Without the " events of the Bein Wall " , history pobably wld no have taen a very diffrent course . Eventually , I think that tings would ve turned out as they did .
However , hitry can ot be ewrittn an as things tad the al of the Berlin all acivel conibuted to th resurgence of hope d struggle in te est of h stern Bloc . As such , it a th catalyst tat l to h end of the Cold ar d , therefore , though we may nt aways ememer he ter sgnifiant events , we il always remebr the day the wall fell .
T devopment an mplementaion of technology ha affcte socieie in every corer of te world .
I do not speak of a certain oect in particular , bt of tchnology as a woe .
Ths ing , technology , has ben nd wi always be both the closest friend d ye t greatest Nemesis of our wold .
Science and technology hve alowed me to tael to tis part of the world , they have proided a lvng f my family , th ha ure my grandmoher of cancer , n they provide hrizons of hope and knowlede in he fiel of mediine , science , engineering , and even e less overt corners of our lvs .
h us of the eas humns have developed is where e greatet problems l .
one , hy do not treten us , but when they become welded with ceran aspects of and certi peple in our societies , he becoe pentially the most dangrous things that we hold in or hands .
Speaing from my expeience living in the United ates , I have coe to feel that technology ha become a rat detiment to our youth in particular .
People sa ta echnological development as ae ou world uch smalle ,
and I wuld oncur at a gret majorit of Americans iv in hei own personal closets .
In schools , Geography asses arely , if ever , exst .
eore I cae to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaining tha Spa as ocaed crss e oean dd not seem to improve their understanding of te layout of our word .
Science ad technology he a effecs on the U.S. tt can o be decribd , and I eel that its eope have adopted t sme " I am self - sufficiet - I do n't need ny help " tpe of mentlity hat wll slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other peope , other cultures , ad ote languages is very o on e priority list of ur educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study n oeign language at all , and en at hat tie , I had only n hoie of lanuage - German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to lear panih , ad bcuse of thee circumstaes ha I mentioned before , I had no cice but to wait unil I was tweny years old to even begin to lar this anguage .
Mie is not the ony experence like tis .
h effort of te nited States has caused r mids to be heard , an a ord tht is going while my country lags behind in its selfish ef - satisfaction .
Many eope argue owaday that , ith he advent of computer echology , or mental arithmetic is po and we are bcomng a nation of coc potatoes .
It is true in a way . The devlopment of portable calculating machins ( calculators ) hs mnt that we no longer ned to be able to work out su in u ads . But at what cos ?
In many shp , the cahier appear to be dumbfounde by t simplest of sus witout the a of their tills .
In may are , the skil of human judgement has ben replaced by faster , mor accurate , computers .
any people have had ther jo position taken ovr by mputers .
Filin cabinets are becoming a thing of th past ith computer databse .
u even such menial sks as ilin are go for us .
They encourge oganisational skills and idiess .
Whe people talk about artificil itellignce ( AI ) , yu hear many uny aes from peple who ar convincd that te computers are oing alive and wl eventualy rule us .
These e ust t rantng of peop who hav nthig to do with compters and wh do t reise tat behind eery computer is a programmer .
Even ' artfical intellignce ' ees to be prorammed .
Human brais stil ork out how to uil the computers , o to rogram tm and , more importantly , how to ctrol the .
As f making the uman brain rdundant , computers an help to mpove learning skills , thy a teach , test d imrov u lngistic skills .
Reflxes are improved ( ad ts has been scientifically proven ) by payin couter ges , the very same things that arent say turn thr children ino ' zobies ' .
We can expand r imagination nd convert our iea into comput imulaed modl , enabin us to dign uidings d road networks .
e cmputer revolution hs not made our brins rendant , it has oped up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is n th g of the ompuer .
lmos eeryone ws a comutr or as access to one .
Computer nowadays are a far c frm te ne s in the past whh filed hoe rooms .
They are able to geneate amazingly acurat grphicl repreentation and perform extemely difficult matheatical equations in just secods .
Computers hv beme a ue part of ou lives in boh th areas of wok and eduction .
But re they ch a good thig ?
Wh calculators cam long , a drop in th ability of students at mntal arithmeic ws ovius and now they are used for e simplest caculatins .
The computer oud do the sme thing .
ompuers encourage laziness in the eneal pubc ; why wok t omehing yousef hen he omputer cn do it for y ?
Ths is ey ime - saving and effiient but it is causing eople to orget bai idas .
For instance , spling is no oger as important as it was . You can imly use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is abur .
Fr the youth of tdy , omputers offer lis rond the world n millions of fcts n igues .
Thi coud be argued to be educatioa .
Hoever , this is killing te imaination of children and the spend hours a at a keyboar taping awy in the dm and gloom of h hse .
They should be ut enjoying themselves a ganin experiences r themselves instad of reading about the on a flat screen .
It is said that you n ee pople hough copuers and hav ' relationships ' .
I fd this pepostrous and pople are losin e ability to commnicat an form reltionships .
Computers can fer escpe from t humdrum roune of dil life by eas of games , u hey are in - umbing and ninventie .
There is , however , a mr dagrous heat frm computers . It is that they can do th wok of men .
his could lad to hig unemploymen .
Those people o ork with coputers for long period of time ever d ac problems .
h repetiion of taping keys ll ay and taring at the scen c be harmful and , not oly that , it is highly boring to do th same hig oe and over again .
Computers a be h future , but wt pa will n have in this ftre ?
Tere ill be no need for people to go to school , as they could be augh at home , peopl would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be r couter progrmers .
I agree that coputers are helpfl but people should ot lie through heir computers and be so relian on them .
They houl ed bos and live mr in order to regi their lost imagination and ese of advture .
Also , in choos , I fel that wr should be one mainly by hand a calculators and comuter soul ly be usd minimally in mathematics in ode to sp the production of copute addicts and have normal people again .
Thr are many beneficial apecs of genetic manipulation .
These ncude e erasion of identiication of harmfl hreditary genetic disorders a the developme of hrid high - yield crp .
Ther c be no doubt at genetic manilation nd genetic engineerng have had higly enefiial effects on ma areas of soety .
Hoever , ma peole diske or are prejudiced against , genei manipulation .
Prtly , this is a ' Fear of the unkon ' ; something whc tamrs with the intrnsic components of lant and nimal life is beyond comprehension for most people , ad therefore provokes fear .
What peopl have ao become awae of , is th immense power at genetic manipulatio ca give to certain individuals .
This has ben vey od to feed popular ultue ( t ilm ' Jurasic Park ' being an obvious rerence pont ) .
Tre is als , oweer , h ery eal possibility ht the ower of entic manipulation cod becoe the ossssion of uncontrolled , unregulated indivials ho cod use it o ' evil ' purposes .
Thi , then , is an argment against scientist aring mor resonsibility r thir work .
Anthig in lif n be misused .
Whthe it be a itcen nie used to ta someon , a car us to rn someoe over , or somethng as harmless as a ilow used to suffocate .
Everythng in life , if msusd , ca have harmful effects an genetic engineering and genetic manipultin ae no exception .
hugh he possbe effects of genetic manipulation a be f greaer than a kichn - knife or car , this is purely a subjective ie by preset - day stndards .
Certainly , we woud o od the maer of a r or itche knife responsible for their mise , and here is no reaon why sientiss shoul bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic maipulation is put to misus .
The undamental la in saying cienists mut ar te major buren or moral resposibiity for hei or , is ht if this had been applied unversally fr centuries , scientific rsearc wul never have taken lace , ad mankind oul be witho electricity , raos , qut simply , anthing above th mud ht eisence .
Scientifc research is n a corrupt , but an essetil and natural , rt of t hman odition for betterng itself .
he other fundamenal flaw is asuming ha inividual scientists hae responsibility , Sience is a process of dscovery rthe han creation , ie .
no - one ceated genetic manipulation , te power of it was ther to be discovered .
If oe sientis do not ake a discovery , then another o will .
It is unfir to hold resonible t sientit at te forefront of human kowledge , w discovers somethig hen another scientit in another part of the wold may mke te discovery independently aftewads .
Te nl argument for making sientists reponsible for their work , is that quie ofte , an pariculaly in the cse of genetic anipulation , it would need a scientist to miuse knowlede , and terefoe hy shold be responsible .
hile genetic maniplatin is relatvely new , it taes a scentist to carry it out , d therefore an individual scientist could be held rsponsible .
But , onc genetic anipulation beoms commonplace in the fure , an it is n oy he domain of scientists , th original scientist w discoved geneic manipulation n o be eld resosible for ohr s ' misue of it .
Thre e many problems facing te onarhy .
Some of them a listd beow :
e divisions in their famiy and h figh between the Pice a e Princess of Wae and th possbility of divorce .
h other problem is th people say ( or think ) at the do not do anyting but hey are rich and also they do o pay n taxs .
Anther robem is tht people think tht the morchy is being abolihed in any ountris and an countries r republics , so h moarchy should be abolished in this cutry , to .
hee a aso arguent against abolishing the monarchy .
For exaple , many people lie t royal family ecaus the are hones peple , o like the politicians , o always lie .
I think the royal family a th monarchy is a tradition in he UK d anwhere in the word . Th UK is known for ts royal faly , so I do no thn it shol be abolishe .
In the nd , I hin if mn pople nt h monrchy to be abolishd , a general electon shoul be called and then we would see if t onarchy shoul be abolished .
" In Vitro rtilisation " is the fetilisation of an egg in the labratory ie . in a test tube .
The eg is taken from te moter ad placed in an enironent whic will optimise h chances of feriliation by he serm from t ather .
nce ertilisatin has occurred , h frtilised egg is impland bak into the moher 's womb ad frm the on the pregnancy will be norm .
Nrmlly , more than 1 g is akn fom te mother so tht he eggs can be stoe and used latr if the regancy is unsuccessful or so tha mr than one a be fertilsed at h me tme to ncrase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This sually leads to multiple births ie .
twns , triplets t .
There are people ho e gains this , saying it is not natural an akin is it fa to he cld to ave started ie in a test tube , as te believe lif starts from the moment of conception .
Thre ae ehics involved relating to w is give the reatmet ad who is n't
, at what age shoul e treatment not be given an is it jstifiable to spend so uh money on in vtro fertilsation r one peon when the same amount of mone could be ud to savs undres of lives by vaccinating peole against asles , for example .
Te people who are for ti can aue by sayin that it is h right of eey peson to ave their ow child .
Women who woul not normall be able to he chiren c n do so wth in vtro fertilisation .
Thruh no fault of her own , s coud he a blokd fallopian tube ausig her to be unabe to allow eg down to the womb and it is ly fir to help her to hve chilen .
Technology has progressed quickly nd , in oig so , ethcs d practical guidelines have been left behind .
I herefore tnk it is necessary to he certain rguations i.e .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
The mnopaus is he dy 's y of telling you that ou are o old and your body is no long caabe of earin a bb .
ast yr thee was a case of a ot- menopusal woman who , by lying about h age , a given in vitro fertilisation ( F ) .
I do n't think this is fai or orally correct to th chld , nce er mother would be claimig e pension en she as at piary school and h moter would pobably die whe the child ws in her teens .... ere should be a test tha is given before ( IVF ) is carried ot to check the mothr is not past the enopause .
2 .
ggs shold nt be ten frm abored foetuses .
The foetuses wi have be aborted for a reason for examl : if it s the result of a re or if it d congenital deforites .
Tee huld be a guideline or law stating tt eggs should only be taken from the moher and no fm dd foetuses .
Science has mod on dramatically sin the 19th .
Many ne things he ee invnted nd many higs medialy have chaned .
Peoe in o modern times are ow able to hve lie , heart and even lu transplants . hee are many cmplications but mn re successfu .
Peole re bl to have a hol new bood supply if thir acks e sufficient requiremnts , or a bone marw transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
Al t above are carried ot on living ople , t nwadays biologial operations can be cared out on humans whch ar t even born .
Bodies ca sar thei ds in a test tube .
This is called ' in vio fertilisation ' .
Ti is when an eg is reoved from a wan , lace in a test tub , and then spem is placed to te tes tue and the egg nd sperm fe together .
he test tube is ten incubtd for a fe weks and when th fetu is forme , nd the baby is th nserted bck in the mother .
The fetus is left to go an devlop turally .
Ts ide is extremy beeficil beause married couples who av been trying for a bab but ave bee unsuccessful re able to hae children .
In vitro ertilisation allows the baby to grow isde , which alows te mter and baby to bnd d it ould feel a part of er . This would nt happen if he oupl adopted .
hat I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a wman who is post - menopaual decides she wns a bby .
ature ha aleady akn its course to tell her she is to o to have a chidren , so wh should she hve on impaned into h .
It is not fir on th hild , because when it gos up ad al its frends a paying with teir 30 - 40 - year - old parnts , is mohr cold be rawing r pension d I am sure she would not feel lie playing with her ild .
Also , e moher y die of old ae before he child hs e a fll life and his old be unar to t ild .
h child may ao have to lk after t mthe in r old age .
As th foetus begins its life in a es tu , and the sperm is selected , is means at the ex of th prm cul aso be selected .
The w th s can be chosen is by using gnetics .
he woman has 2 X chromosom nd te m has ne X ad a Y - chromosome .
Th way in which the sex can be selected is tht th gg is always X ad the sperm 's nuces a either otain an X or a Y chromosome .
Te X chromosome sperm is slightly eavir than h Y , so tey c be separaed .
If th othr wts a oy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
Thi may led to an increase in e sex , and a decline in t othe .
As a result , this wold reduce h poultion as tere ould be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most eople the yar you re born ae men and ou are a man ? This wold be th npopular s .
Science is proressin ll h time , t is it for h best ?
e ain reason for th eople of Bitin to stop eating beef at the oment is the threat of S .
Ts is a vir disas that attacks the cenal nervos syste whch can be pasd on through onsumin the animal .
In cows , it is commonly non as mad cow disease and , by w , any cow showing these sgns us be desroye a o sold for meat .
e proble is , howver , te ins are not son for a long time , ti being a viral diease .
It n be passd on to humans trough eating pas of the animal uch as the brain which is affected and the pars ar uuall old ad put to fast fods suc as beefburgers .
The est of the meat , hweve , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a ste offers ery little chanc of the diseas beg passed on .
Howve , the ritsh press has ignored hs fact and bwn he situation ou of prortion considering only a very small nmbe of people have died of t disase afr a lifetime of eaing beef .
Another reason for he Briti people to stp eating bef is the pus r vegetarianism , athough this is a much maller thrat to e trade th h former point about BSE .
These factors culd hve a considerbe mpct on th agricultura industry , preventn the sale of British dairy livestock t ony in Britain but for export as well .
With global comunicatins as good as thy ae now , it could sen a car acrs the world about British Beef - indeed , Fanc d Gerny already hav restricted and in sme places banned e sale or iport of Brith beef because of eas abt it s safety .
Ahough British farmers have learned to diversify , dairy farming and h sal of beef product still frm he bckboe of Briish agriculture and ould completely change the face of aring in Britain .
Whether tey switch to hep or veeable cps , substantial cnges oud be needed to chge he station .
People throuhout t Unte Kingdom wer , oubtlss shocked nd ehaps upset by images in the national press nd television news of ws who had cntrcted the disease ovin pungform encephalopathy , or BSE .
Te so - alled ' d cw disease ' seeed to ae the cows oe all sens of baance an direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Her hre thi disease s found wee put dn efoe h symptoms poressed further .
ose cs which ha een t down ee not use or food .
The disse infcs h c , an is hen present in he spinal fluid ithi the spe and e ban , and as t spinal flud is usually spilt in he slaughter of cattle for meat , th ik of containaion of te meat wa n the industy w no wiing to ake .
The human isease , Centzfed - Jacob disease , or J , is lieved to be a hman om of E , alhough no cer link has yet ben established etween t two .
It is uncle wther incidence of CJD is on h re , or whether awareness of the conditon is heightened , but mre cases , fr al ages , hae ee iagnose recently , and the disease is alway faal .
he overnment insists , prhaps correctly , that Bitsh beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , eople are genuinely scare of the presence of h isease in the U.K. , and many are abstainng rom eatng bef .
Many schools hve remved beef frm eir menus , substituing pork and chicn , and sales of beef have shown a declie .
he impicatins or the beef industy old be rthr srios , wer eveyboy to boyctt beef products .
To compenste , bf pices have dropped in attempts to sell ore meat , but e public remain eptical .
If bef contines to fall from favour , hen e beef industry 's fuue wld be uncar .
ee products r present in many fodstuff such as jellies , fruit gums , ad of course , sck cubes .
Would a hese products hav to fd syntetic or substitute ingrdents ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a at , the numerous eds of beef catle worldwide woul no longer be nded , ut , eing bred as th r , for bf , hey woul be usles r milk products .
N all beef n be infected , thog , and he situation has beoe a waiting am .
For beef to be repreved or condemned , we are forced to turn to th scientists to estblih wheter or not BSE and J are lnked , ad , moe importantly , whether the ltter an be contracted by eating meat containated with he former .
The nation awaits te erdic on tenterhks , n it is in h majorty 's intests tat hee be no rove link .
Wah thi spac .
Personally , I eliev tht it is mrey that an is beter at diagnosing CJD ow than ev before .
me reports say tha it can take up to 20 years to deveo , so we could all lready have it .
Whtever you believe , I shall contnu to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thank you .
Tee has ben a big scare in Britain recently that sm beef may cntan S ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) wch may lead to the human equivalent of CJ ( Creutzfeldts - Jcob disease ) .
BSE is a diase in cows tt affects ter brain n spin tissue ( or offal as it is sometims known ) .
After a few reported case of D , a similar rm of the dseae fun in humans , it is no thoght that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BS ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating be containing ofl ill trasit the ftl disease to human .
Ti claim has devastated the Brtis beef industry as people are now to scared to eat beef in cs hey contrac the illness .
Already te sales of beef in Amrica hav drpped by about 15% and in itain they have dropped about 6% - 7% .
Although sientist say that to contract CJD , par of the c 's offal must be contained withi e bf ,
customers are til reluctant to eat he at in case it s me fro se ' odgy ' btcher trying to cut coss .
As yo can imagine , this a h a tremendo nfluene on sales in plces such as fast food restaurants , where befburgers are t main item on te menu .
An example of o is Maconalds , where they have imedately bought t a otice statig th tir beefburgers are ae frm 100% of the finst , ure beef a contain no oal .
In my view , no hl decent estaurat with a go reputation wou rk buying poor beef in cse a customer augt D n they managed to trae it ack to e reaurant .
An outcome like this would mean hey would be sued r several thousands of pouns n wuld probably ave to sll up .
As a result of a wer beef emnd in plac of food proction , ther wol be a lwer need fo ee cos .
This means tht ther old be an eces of beef ( or a ef mountain ) hat cud not be sold .
Becuse of his , e prices of ef woud ave to decrease in order to attrct more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containg containated ofal ay cause CJD in hmans , famer ( in particular bef farmers ) are loing out , as thy wll ve to sell their at o a lowe price u to t low demnd .
As a reslt , they may ve to dirsify into other areas such as crops , milking co , e . or evn av to e a goverment subsidy .
I feel ht th evidene that BSE cass CJD as ot ston enough bere t claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecssary , deleterious efec on h gricultural industry and beef makt .
The quetion of compensation o services edered is neer so simple as remittin a predetermined slar asd on qualifications and a pero 's dedicain to the sk at hand .
If one has preconceived notions cncernng e 's salry , one wi certainly be disappointed sine soe employs are re to value tir sils and ablties less thn othes . "
Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to cmensate " equally ' .
In te 190s in America , it beam very oplar to disdain people who did nt actually work for a ling , u merly lived of e interest on their investments .
The stock maket w exeriencing a bom , and several formrly working - class itzens became wealthy d relished the id of retiring earl .
But severa reat uthos of tha period questioned e right of hes inveors to effctively live as parasites ; th receied money , t they contributed nearly nhing to society .
Peple w inhri money or liv off h interest of ivestmens ofte seem to spend thir time in search of a n thrill , so sort of excitement ht money can not b .
aving amost nlimited wealth changes pople , both hse h are born ino wealth and hos who arn thei o money early on .
But do ey hv the right to live ths way ?
Wha about peole who work vey hard yet tey sem to be pad miserably .
A migrant work a slae away in a fil all day ong and make less money in a day than a wealthy peron spends on a tip at lnh .
e answer to thi question li in one 's feeings about Democracy .
om old rue that if a persn is mart enough or luk nough to en oney for an earl retireent ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or e is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be hat if meone wh wors on a menial or physicll txng jo do o make a fair or moderte salary , tn it is is or r w fault ( or b luck ) .
hse opinions are bad on a rather faulty American premise that a people are given an qual chne in life and what they make of it is their n responsibility .
Apaently , most people believe tat ey e underpaid and hat ohes ar overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to hin ht doctors mke too much mey or the work they do , yet one of e doctors ar lowering their fes ( they must tik that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unles we wih to impose on the prsonal livs of ealthy people by mkng them or harder , or give pople wo are nt wealthy moy that ociey does t believe they desrv , we n no give pay equa to contribution to ociety .
I agre that in e at womn have had problems with society 's idea of what thy are expeced to do in the wokplace nd at om .
Women have been looked do on if they ty to get head ad pay has difered o a an vrsus a wman doing e ame job .
on is t a hen th woman was eqired to stay home .
Now a lt of wome work nd the ones that want to stay me do it because he an to .
A lot of what as cange women 's roles is the of fenists .
These r rops of eople that ave defened omn over the years .
Thee pople hav shown the modern ord what women in th workplce a do .
e problem is that these eminits hv t lookd at al womn .
om wome were happ with ol traditions , some wanted a i more in their lves , some wanted a lot more in her lives .
What happens is tat al women hve to go along with these feminists rules .
This makes it hr , because if thy do n't , thy ae looked down upon by heir peers .
An exape is miliary women wanting to serve in mbat position hn at a .
eminist argued th a t when e Iraq r as oing on .
They et tha women shoud hve been given te chance to iht .
I flt that these popl were razy .
Women js ca n't figt in a a ery well .
They re o trog enoug and if capred could be raped .
They fel tat it is not fr tha men e the ly ones .
Oter wom , though , are gla that th rule in the United ttes stands as it does .
eminits have tled abou promotions in h worklace as nt eig fair .
Ao sexul harassment is ivolved in a lot of suits .
Many women believe tha they e te victims .
I agree hat five to te years go thi might hve been ru , but now many employers ar the victims .
The a scared of wha a wmn can do and sometimes women ge looked at differently .
here are me tins that wme can do better ha men and thre ar some thig ha men can do better hn wme .
God old have creaed us all th same if his was n tu .
Feminists a ryig to ak veryon qua nd tat is impossible to do because atue can not be changed .
More and moe offce jb are being illd by women but a lot of the hysical ob are still filled by men .
I think at the traditional les were a go thng , bu e modenizaion has chnged everyone 's habits .
Divorce is at fifty percent nd rising , woen are having mor hea atacks , eig more stressed , and is ae beig more neglcte .
Modernization is god , but I think that women should not be pessure ino tis if tis is not r them .
There wil be a woman in the presidency , and won runnin a l more companies .
Women houd be created equal , u they n only do wha aure intended them to do ...
Whenever a moemen is begu , wheer it be plitical , religious , or artisc , stereotypes are quick to for .
Peoe normally ssociated wit politcs , religion , or art ae quickly lumped ito caegoris regardless of individal difernces .
This traed is worsened by the tenency of those outside the ovement to remember te radical nd gnor he ommon or orinary .
Ts is espciall true of the Woen 's Liberation Moveent in America .
Sinc its beginnings in the ate nineteenth entury , Wmen 's Lieration s be et ith adaant , and often obstinate opposiin .
Some of the irst radicals , usan B. Antony a Goge Sand ( altough Fech ) ere noticed a riiculed , ts defeating their cae , becaue of their ggressive action .
At th sm ti , other feminists suc as Emily Dickinson ere vitualy ignord during their lifetime and only akowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of the less aggressive feinist , ade it seem as hough he feinist movement was headed nl by wld , disgruntled zealot and w , theefore , drimental to th good of ciety .
lthouh " radcls " uch as Sand an Anthony sem dcie and backward by modern standards , h problem still exists .
Fom the very beginning , the men 's Movement in America ha been fightng a losing battle .
Hoever , I contd that th fult dos not lie it the rdica memrs of th movement , bt rater , in e perception of those observing te movement .
hn Women 's Lib really ook f gain in the at 190 , it as ain dstied fr failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , insad of the houswife who etured to college a made a career f herself .
Those utside t moemen could ony see h diffrences between " normalit " and Women 's Lib .
Ths is still true twnty - five ear later .
omn supporting equal a for ome and other " lieral " causes ke affirmative ation a nly se in the shadow of t br - uring , nt - shaing lears of te 970s .
T good of thir cause is undemned by he perception of h radica .
So wht am I gettng at ?
Only that so - called feminists hav nt in an of themselves harmed h Wen 's movement .
Howeve , t opular perception of em has .
F so many years , the ood tat femiits have promoted for ome has fallen by he wayside in iu of ther ore interesting , i.e. radical , ides .
Like man ohe apects d movemens in ie , they woud be more readil rceied if te publi it was being aimd at as not so jaded .
In this century there have been many technlogicl dvancs which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hunre years ago .
Clearly , of h inventions of ths century , the n that has mae t mot impact on orl views and lifestyle is te television .
Thi intrumet s rough ter worls right no t lvin room , mkig it possile to see lif in other countries in a ay th wa nevr bfore posible .
Howver , th invetion of television also gve society an eas a to waste time ; on hs nly to ur it on to une ut rality .
Telision h te poential to offer wonrful things to i viewers , suc as educaional rogramming for chilen , cutural programs out a wa place , and a lose look at current events han can be gven by newpapers .
Television h the power to bing war into the home as well as tistic expesions of those involved in the program production , givig ociety th opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
oever , this is not the way in whch television has fluenced society .
On he cotary , television has bece the escape rou of he masses , a wy or pole to fle from the conflicts te experiene in hei culture , rther than confont em ad try to understand them .
In h minds of st Americans , television is regarded as a iversion ther han an eductioal ol , as fr entertainment ntead of asly accessile koledge .
Millions of Americans c be und to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching si - coms , soap - operas , n caroons .
The TV hs beome th center of many households ; in mn families , h ol time that eveyone is ogther is when they are waching televion .
TV is a major cause of lack of tgetheress fund in many American families , and as also resule in an increase in laziness .
Te ore time oe sens waching TV , te less motivated one becoes ; thre is no ned to se worthwhile actvities when it is uc easier to sit on the couch , ik up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Televison , therefore , has changed society in ws hat cold hardly have been dreamed of 00 yar ag .
It a given ocity another creative ei , a look at wrld which could be ee in no ter way , d an opportuny to better educate itsel .
Hwever , throughout th years , televion has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered r usaly hap entertainmt rathr han education .
e entertainment apect of telision hs offered socet an easy esape from its problems and dfficlties .
Therefore , sne the inventio of teleisio , sociey has become more informed but too lazy to tnk bout this w information , n ha distanced tself fom amiy if .
A disovery ha has significantly chnged many peoples liv and the ways of thinking is te epidei known as ID .
Toug it has robaly bn round fo a while , it s presence hasn't really been non util fairly recently , and it s conseuences have been devastating .
ADS a efinitely d an mpat on peopl in the United Staes n probably all ve the world , becuse it alwy leads to deth an there is no cure .
It has cusd a lot of prejudice a araoia amng people whic has trn them par .
For example , here is more sigma atached to eing a homosexual mle , n only because of their seua preference , but they probay have AIDS , to .
Th ind of igorant thinking is brekin us apt .
Als , en Ryan White , a bo h contracted IS troug a blood tranfusion w diagnosed , the people of his tow and is school treated him li a comete outcast a wud n't allo him to attend school .
With e dioveries of DS , paranoia is at an all - time high .
Doctors r iscoering that oe undetectabe strains of DS do xist .
This h ealy scrd people becau he may ae DS an not en know it .
I feel this has really me peol thk about thei acions .
In the eal eighties , " aual x " in h United tates wa a widely acceed ea , o it is somting pepl real take in cosideration and it rarely occurs .
Relatoships seem to be valued more than n - ngh stans .
Peopl are sarting to realize that tey really do ha to be careful , and with oe education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
he twenith centur has en more wars than any ohe revious bloc of time .
espie advanes in communication , transportation , a information shaing , h wld as a dy of pope living in cle proximity , has rapidly hrunk .
In the scond of e world wrs , h rae a on to eate the ms devastain , most powerful , d most frightening weapo ur people had ever known .
In my oinin , the discovery and harnessng of th tom and s energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the ot sigificant factors of hange in ur lifeie , if not , perhaps , in sever lifetimes .
As mssile echnology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fer bega to rpace natialism , and r small wrl erected barris betwe its members .
From my experience as an American , I ca remember associating cmmunim with nucear reat , Sovit citizens with the ti - Chit , d ob sheltes , ecre ctis underground , and weaons orbiting our planet , wi daiy , normal life .
Perhas this increasinly common mentali is the worst effect of our nuclear , cld war age .
In a planet which desperately nees o focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has sen uncountable trilios of dolas on nuclear eapos testn , mprovement , d iplementaton .
As a commonplace go ad testimonial landmar to 9 presidential administrations , e cold war as manifested its awesome poer and cotrol over nearly very facet of Americaa ; from survial kits and basement bom sheltr to an eve - circuatng Chief Exeutive cmmand pos om he r .
In just he past thr yea , our amily of nations has se the dismantling of the erln Wal and hndreds of other smller symbols of freedom , nd an end to oppression in many circumstancs .
Wth this , the wals , arbd re , and mental barrier re falin , bringing more chan than our plaet as ee since its gneis .
ltough old habts die ad , hey are indeed yin .
In meica , te miltry as been reduced by several housan troops , and the producion of nulea warheads has virtually arrived at a stanstil .
Hopefully , wit ontinued efforts , o us of nuclear usio and fisson wil rn from mediums of strateg , destruction , d waste to matters of enrgy production , meicine , a other humanitarian goals .
ih hs thwing of attitudes , ur figi planet and cold neihbors m once gai be a warm d friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic a e of te greatest advances in medical emistry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicilli was discovered to hav many uses in stoping n prenting the spead of infections .
This " wone - ug " lo ld to th discovery of a ariety of other naturally - occurrng antibiotics that could also be cltued " in ito " in a laboratory .
This sdden burst of useful compounds n only improved the chance of a patient 's urvival in a hospital , but as caused a great nd r edicl chemits to study a classfy ac n drg as it was dscovred .
As discoveie of new antibiotics decreased , chemis egn to wonder if certn ariaions of the drugs coul be synthesized and also se as medicine .
It was lo attmpted to inrease the production of te naurally - occurring antibiics through synthesis .
Bt of thes new attempts caused a need r ore research , ore copanes , and more mical chemsts , an h indstr increased tremendously .
It s discovered ha the olde drus could be synthesied efficienly whe sil remaini biologically active .
New drugs were also synthesized ; som were ond to be mdicall useful hie othrs wer nt .
A vaiety of new drugs contnuousl appeared on e market and cangd t way people toght but taking medicie .
It wa w much easier to obtain atibiotic f simple illnesses , sch as he common cold .
Hug enterprises , such as pjohn , were fomd a re , and univesiies had research tes devod to producing efficient yntheis routes for h roducion of all kinds of antibiotic .
T discory of one compound led to he inrease of eath of illions of pele , to the discovry of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming idstry comprse of research eam and lage comanies .
The synthesis of anibiotics and reearch of their uses stil cotinues tda as thousands of universities and copanies arund th world cntiue the work of a sml bactriu - the poduce of penicillin .
Te oern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an icredibly fat ce . om th very first modern computr in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been ma technological advacs and alo ere hs been a tremendous impact on ociety .
The computer ha eliminated many jobs through automation of factories , accouting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
e efects of the computer hve been tremendous . However , e phenomenon is a catch-22 .
he cmuter has ae life easier fm a physical standpoint and haer fo a mental standpoint .
The physical ffects of the omputer are numerous an easily seen .
In ffice , the comuter is everywhere .
From word pocesors to spreadsheet / dtabase programs , computers have made ofice work easir and faster .
Automation of factories as als eliminated many manual bs .
Also , almost everyone has at least o smple computer , e.g. a caculato .
There ar , of coure , many ter things computers re sed for , bt a lengthy ls is not necesay as eryone already knows ( except fr peop in 2nd- and 3d - word countries ) how ubiquous compues a .
The mntal efect of cmputes is w - fold .
Firly , computers ve made mathematical computatons so ay to do , ny people do t fully understand how or why thir computr wrk .
Ts h crated a surplus of " neless " comptaions , figures , etc .
Peoe c easly do calculus or oer types of functions with a computr .
Wa any people do t relze is th comuters ae eros l te tim .
ranted , it is the person ho " old " the compur what to do that truly made e errr . However , if at pers knew wh he should do , or btter tatd " was be to do wit a coputr " , he uld not have erroeou answers .
Mathematical models , theries , etc .
a absolutely riddled with errors simly becaus the e may thig peole do n't know or ca n't pedict .
De to this , errors rquently exi in the worl of computers sipl eause huma are inorant - r hatevr eson - of many " variables " .
Secondly , cmpuers hav sometms become oe reliale ha ople .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tied n , if porammed 100% correctly ( anohr perhaps imossibe comutaton ) , neve mak errors .
This supposed relibilty a left man workes u of work .
he effet of ths are unpredictable .
Aner , rutration , fer , n man othr egative feeings hve prun up simultaneousl ith th rse of computer sage .
Clary , there is evidence of good and bad results ro h advent of the mder computer .
It wold be prcticaly impossile to throw he computer away or never s it ain .
et thee r pratical olutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for veryone who use a computer ohe than a simple alculator .
Also , urtiling some theoretical pogramming cold eliminate alarming rdictions or erroneous reslt .
e key is proably in e classroom .
People should lern mre about the ramificatins of what he re don .
( This prbaly would requre an nderstandig of philosophy and psychlog as wl as mathematics and science . )
In eiher cae , whthr computers are god or bad , it would be difficult to dispute thir imact on pole 's les .
larg , 1/2 eg , ometimes as large as a small FIAT , it a metal arow in it s center a chnged th size of h wod , and communicaion beten he countries within it .
The satellite dish , creaed in te last 0 ears , has chnge the meing of telecommunication .
In part , it a creed The Iformation Age , as the latter pat of the 20h century is often labeld .
I 'm not certain abou the date of t invenin , but it mt be reogized as one of te more ial tols use in society today , amongst rld ladrs , trading companies , and he media , as well as e entertainme world .
Ted Turner revolutonzed e use of he atellite wh his creation of N , the round - the - clc , round - t - wrld ne stion .
Presidents n dictators alike switch on th chnne to recive first - hn information from the etwor , such as impeachments , coups d'et or civil wars .
Decisions abou govenmenal autonomy a being made base on tha nig 's news CNN commettor .
Th leader and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE refer to NN , creaed by satellite dish , on a daily basis .
Stocs are an integral pat of their livelihood .
e entertainmen ord hs taken full advantage of he satllit dh , subtitling the Information g , wit he TV age .
T creaion of V in 1980 as dramatically changed the entertainment business .
T mne poued nto creating vdeos , n the rofits fr viweship have h a strog eect on the wrd econoy .
40% of U.S. milinaires r entertainers .
The Satelit dish h alo created stinct advtages o Cable TV and naal pogram as el .
Th intelligence of an average teengr is lowering iself d to cabe iewng , created by t stelite dish .
Naval progams ave asted larg amunts of moy in t ited ttes e to th satellite ds .
A oe ust not forget space progrs suc as TARWARS .
Th creaon of h satellite dish in the past 20 years has atered t average intelligence of human engs for the better and sometimes r the worse .
It hs creted an information age , which cou be dangerous , an increased an enterainr 's salry .
The pro s d c s of te satelie dih re nmeros .
e only obsevaion which can be made , is this : it has ltere people 's lies significantly .
It is up to the averge peson to dcide if is alteration will be for better or ors .
Te discovey of atoic nerg is undoutedly e mot esome as wel as the st terrible invenion not ony of the 0th century but of ll ti .
In 14 , J. Robert Openhemer unveiled to the world his invention in th frm that is till os familiar to us today : The atmc bomb .
Th rasn behind te fear at this enery causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Neer before ad th world se somting wth such a capaciy to kill .
Never efre had one obje of such small ie been ale to ake so mn lves .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring ad dangerous wapon in the world .
Unfortnatly , wih ac assing day , the world 's ne r this dangerous energy increases .
For not only des it hve the capacit to ll ,
but also te capability to supl n enegize t wrld .
Th rawbck is th dger .
In utilizing this power in lants and factories we r te risk of containating our land , blowing hols in our atmosphere , rendring our sea useles , and illin or ecies as well as all the ecies of the earth .
Although we hav mny ohr wer surce alternativs , we sil continue to use tis dangerou invention .
It is illogical to think tha with conined nuclear se , we n esca hm .
Already as a result of pollution and ote various factors , we hv hle in our oone layer and prblem wth our ol in many prts of h orld .
It woul be ogica to think that te leaders of the wor would confer ad aspi to u a stop to ncear use in an effort to avoid n further damae to h earth and t inhabiants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there hv been very few effort to do so .
he ac of vision from ur leaders is alos appalling .
it th lack of respect fo t planet tha is the general attitude of today , wht is to beom of ur children ?
e current situation of te world 's environment is a sad o .
It is so , hwevr , a prole of which nucear energy is ony a small pie .
nfrtunately , te day wl soo come when the damage caused by tis apathy ll be irreversile .
This is why it is imperative to a toy .
It starts wh you .
Wite your local conressman .
An invntion of h 20th centur which I think has sgnificantly chage people 's live is h invtion of te airplane .
The exnt to whih ts invention has altrd people 's lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened dor to traveling and so broadened people 's perceptins of the ntire wod .
It lo introduce what seemed a completely impossible conpt hih no human is cpble of dog without a machie : t concept of flying .
Befoe th invention of the airplane , lon - istance trel w a very difficult , time - consuming tsk .
For this reason , people did nt trael xtremey lg distanes and issed the opportunity of visiti countries with cultures ery different from their o .
One could travel by oa t is was inconvenien and often dangerous because of vriou things like disease , hunr , a threateng weather . lo , as noed aov , it was etrmely time - consuming .
Because of he lack of long - itance travel , peol oftn had a very ethnoentri ad limited conet of t world .
I hav earned a lo abou my o ulture just om beng in Sin d that is the only freign counry I av ever visted .
I can adi tat before I came to Spain I was very igorant aut oer culture .
Evn though I would watch e ew a read bou otr culures I still did not have the opportuit to witns it fist hand .
The invention of the airplane has opeed many doors d one other door is international rlatons .
Since e inventin of the airpane , h world has increased cloe conta between political syems , nd internationl bsiness endeavors .
he frequency with whc oreign countries r able to comunicate a negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of internationa trad .
The airplane has also bascall speed up he whole posa comunication sstem .
Lf wth irlanes is more rapid pce .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just the examples of inventions an dscoveries that have had profound effects on modern - da lie .
We mus remember , hoever , at e ield of technology is o the nly one in hch significant avancs he been mde in the 20t century .
Anoer " discvery " of thi pat centur has been feminis , hih h had a signiicant ipact on he ives of th e and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a ew on , but it is just within h pst century tha a t of progress has been me owards the equalty of won ( th te impornt exction of woen winnn the ight to ot in the 1800s ) .
As eently as th 1950s , it w stil t mos tpical as well as te ideal to have he wman in he he , housekeeping and nding e cidren .
The first significant qal rights movement in the U.S. was in he 70s ih the Eqal Rights medment , which filed .
Eve tda , a woa is sll only aning soethig ke 60 cents r every doar that a man earns .
Feminism oe o only hve to do wih work n money , t also with h image of wmn .
It 's only ecenty ha we 've " discovered " , or egn to tink about rathr , how many things as varied as ponoraphy or the language we u el to frm the img of omn .
A reogniton of suh influences on he imag of oen is the fist step in reaking it down , so that oen are seen o who the truly are .
Feiism is beter descibd as a " discovery in progrss " ; it 's a movement , an attitde that s t t beome mainstream .
Oly whe wmn hve achiev equality ith men , will there cease to be a ed for feminm , and the discovery will have ben competed .
he da tt I feel has most significantly changed pele 's lives in th 0h cetuy is tha of aring for the environment .
Today , people have ecoe aware of the imprtance of the environment to our futue .
People r concred abot clear weaons .
We realiz tha countries hich hae many weapns ae te power to dstroy t world .
Al eated to this topi is nuclear waste .
Nucler waste is not only harmful to umans , it also kills animals and plants .
We are nw fighting f acts to clean up ur lakes a rivers .
Companies are no onger bl to freely dump their ste without being haily ied .
People have so becme cocernd out nature .
We used to ssme our natural esources were never ending .
w , though , we realize wha we s , eeds to be eplace .
or example , deforestation is a very bi issue . Many groups hv frmd to pnt more tres .
We ao reaiz r fosl fuels nee to be used more conservatively .
Another important topc we a a awre of is recycling .
his links 2 issues , e of no produing a lot of non - biodegradable producs nd the oher of reusing at we have .
( Rcyclng in a small way als els those without homes because they receive mone for hat thy collet ) .
Mn countries realize th recycling is not only beneficial to their ecnom , it al is beneficial to their evionment .
Anote important iss is that of conserving energy .
In the past , oce gain , we assed u enegy as nvr ending .
Now though , popl are more inclned to turn off tir igts when they 're not in thi rooms , to nt eave tp runing and basically t to waste our natural resource .
We reaze tat conserving enrg is not ust beneficial to ur environment ut it ao aes moy .
We hav also come more consdrate of or animal life .
We are no lnger able to kill aimals freel .
We do till rse some for food , but hunting is limited and we are all aware of h possibilitie of extinctn .
ne realizes that animals ve rights t .
In conclusion , the ide of caring o the environment is still a ne n .
We ar slwly ecming more aware and a beginning to take more precations .
e idea bove ar just a fe of the topics we are w concerned aout .
u we are heading in t right direction n , hopefully , by h 21st century we will hav fixed eerythng we have destred !
Computers have definitely aected peoples lives .
I ha a computer ad my life ha changed because of it .
I 'm ale to store lmot ll e information I ed for shool an for other tngs in my cmuter , so that wheas efre I had a ompuer my desk was cluttered wih paper n ecords of l sorts , I no lnge need to keep ese rcords bt nly to transfer them to my computer .
Th means I 'm be to toe me informatn in an orgaied fashion .
Tough I av only used a fraction of my computer 's ality , I 'm sil wae of the tremendou opportunities which I av or il ae .
sid from being ae to store gat amonts of iformaton , I 'm also abe to process an to edit ings quicly .
r exampe , without the ue of a compute I had to balace my checkook oc a onth ad had to do this ih a alculator , a pen a a piee of paper .
Of core , this was vey tie - consuming n open to eor . With th use of a compute , I have programe t comter to mak the caculations which I onc hd to make .
Also , th he use of the Wor Processor , I 'm able to eit a earrang documents witot alterng t ntir doument , and furthermore , thouh I av ye to use he Communications rogram on my mputer , is progra seems to be extraordinari hlpfl .
My father h th same program on hs computer a is able to uy oline tickes ihout leaving th houe and moreor withou pickng up t hone .
Also , I realize ha my experence with compute is limited d that t per of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm w here in adrid .
How did I g hre ?
Well , I applied to tis program , was acepted , and flew here from t US .
t , ithout th u of cmputers , I would till be trugglig th the seetary in h International Programs Office at ston niversty , no obt .
nstead , once I apple to e program , the aplication for which s probably computer generted , I assume my info was procesed by a omuter .
Witho hs uxury , h Intrnaional Pogams ffice wod inevitaby be iundaed wt paperwrk d thng would therefoe be lost or at least misplaced .
hen booking my liht , thouh I did not do this myself , the transaction wod sem impossible ithout the ad of computers .
Computers have hd a ot significant imact on people in t latter 1/2 of th 0th cenury .
An nventin of h 20th century that I tik ha significantly changed people 's lives is telvisin .
TV allows e instantaneu cmmunicatio of ideas , images , ews , etc .
Now , if something is hapening in any part of he wold - frm across town to all the way to Being - evr erson in the worl c atc ts een as it is happeing .
While , previously , people had to wait days , or en wees f ns ( whih consiste of second - or tird - hand accnts , which alwy volved much interpretation an distotion ) , o they can see it happing , f temslves , as it is hppening . Ths allows them to mke their own , informed judgmet abot h event , a if a reaction is necssary - sch as te gathering of oppostin to a cerain la - it cn be doe immediately , while the emotions e til stro , n efoe he ation is finalized .
Also , t fact that so many peple ( especialy in he US ) hav television sets mens that eveybody ( well , at least eerybody who atches ) receives te same inflow of information and ias .
So , for example , pope in Spain can be informed bou how pople in Clifornia or Jaan speak ad act . This allows pele frm different culture to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opnon , th is n part of the prcess of making the world a " maler " , oe unified place , or a " global vllge " as o journalist has called this orl of te Informaio g .
N ony the news , but also entertainment , is an impotat pacical function of telvison . Through televisin etertaiment , as through literature n drama , people lern different messages aout if .
Tey can see various actions acted out to their ns , and understand the consequences of these actions , without havin to perform the sam actions and experience the conseuence fo heselves .
Unfortuately , tse TV shows are not always ccurate ortrayal of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as wel as makin li ee like the god guy always wins , n always lives through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so disrted , and so hidden that peop ar going around actig like Superman .
As og as one has a well - developed sne of reality , TV a be an excellent ol for understanding te wold we live in .
The waters of e culinary eas h be calm and consistent o cntries .
Progrs had move slowly like the tes nd h contant rhythm of the wve showed little change .
Howver , with the dawn of th wentieh century , a stm ewed .
Wh this str th water hrned nd spawned a wav tht has crashed pn te rocks of evry kitchen .
Ts wave is the microwave .
Neve bfre has suh an invention revolutionized a science like this .
A cmplee break s been forged in the way food is prepared .
At h wn of tm , caemen cooed aiml fle over ope fires .
As histor prgrssed , spts ad barbeques emerge .
Technology saw t advent of th ood sove , and ater , es ueld by coal .
Moern times sw g and elecric ranges become a tale .
All the things hd ne hing in common : FIRE .
Fre , te source of life , as alays en ud to prepare te food of mankind throughou hisoy .
owever , h microwave us radiaion to excte waer particls in foo , thus creating frictio , which crets hat .
Th is a prime example of thinking ha oes not follow in d footsteps bu breaks aay fo convention d frgs new rutes .
If his wee ot amazing enough , h microwave us cookng time in half .
If yu had od someone 100 yea ao that you could u coing time in half , and no use fir , they would ave thougt o crazy , or bewitched , or und the influence of hev dugs .
In an age whre tm is he screst commodity , u society has embred this eliminator of wsed hours in the kitchn .
A mthe who wrks , can com hoe , ca hi up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas befoe h wod hve been slaving in the kitcen .
The microav is excellent for re - heating , ming it easier for pepe to make excess fd to be eate ler .
Agin , im is conseved -- childen are able to use this simple device without parental ear of fires strtin .
For , as I have sad befor , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helpe propel pople ino the dizzying ce of life that ms of us led in he 20th century .
Throughout history , one c see that great rveltions in l areas come from breaks in tradition , ne insights , and different perspectives .
l these wer needed to create the icrowav , which is essential nowdays .
Eating is sometng evryone mst do .
This device has sped up n of our ms impornt activities a us revolutioned li in th fat - paced 2th entuy .
When I s in tenth gre , a teacher said ht the 2 mt imrtant inventins that mde pssibe the ie of a repressive government were the mahine un and th radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil pac , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio c be used to communicate ideas ad , under a dictaorshp , propaganda .
In th 2th Centur , the machine u has o changed all tht man lies ( ecpt fo those that it 's killed ) , bt he invention of adio ha ad a tremendous ipact .
The id behind the radio is iple .
There is one transmitter and it sends it signals throuh the a waves , wih ptentia fr millions of receivers .
In the 20h Cenry , adio has become a sore of information a entertainment .
Rdio keeps people inormed .
I don ' t thik an people of my genratio can even cmprehen ow differnt our livs would be .
Every rning I lisn fr h ather forecast and dress accordingy .
At night , oe can st by the radio a har how the events of the day ufolded .
Radio , hence , gvs people th option of becomng passive obseers rather hn active articipants in t ws - making process .
Nespapes had been around for mn years but it w no util h invenon of rio tha th poer of the mia beame evidnt .
Rado gives the ability to reach many mre popl , instantly .
As a for of enterainent , radio and s mos important nd ow moe common offshoot , television , as chagd pope 's liv .
A typical da for a child in today 's wrl , consists of gon to school and cong home to wat TV .
Thr hve evn been fors of entertainment , for eampe video aes , made for his oher frm of entertainment .
Noways , evrbody wachs TV .
My señora , for eamle , is ovr 0 yrs old , and f her TV . is the greatest tig in e world .
She ts in front of it all d d it keeps her happy .
Television offers soap oeas , game shows , sit - com , sporting events , movies and uh more to keep us entertained 24 hors a day .
In short , I don ' t know wat life a lke efre radio , but ts inveion has changed t way we se and do things .
A current ideogy in the United taes today is that for o to be successful , one mut follow al of e written and unwritten ruls of society ,
everyone hs an equal pportunity to uceed d whe one does no do tis ne fails .
One can se these das in popular media ery ay .
TV commercials and TV programs projc odels of h one sould be .
In the 20 cntury , the vals tht the United States was founded on have changed in eanig and sense when applid to mdern day America , oting was ever equa .
Ad toa , since th inenion ad utilization of oden tecnologie such as computers , life r Amerians moves at a much faster pac .
Pepe are mor moble , cn work more , an u or things , u ime for reaxatin an fmily a often substtuted th TV . In America , ths growing individualistic ociety , ne no longer sees he relative uanness betwe people , nstead one sees t differences , t unlucky , the unsuccessful , d attribute their inabilty to aciev to a lack of effot .
With everyone moing at suc a fst pc , th gaps are easy to miss , the voie of the ms mda easily relace those voce that strggl to be har .
T parts of e new maine that ne to be oied an regulated .
When Voltaire wote Canide , a literary syle non as Neoclssicism was at its ek .
There was a group of scholars in rnce , l'Acdeie rançais , that e guidelies for Frenc literature .
Accrding to l'cademie Françse , all literature of e Neoclassical prio ust fllo h rules of ropriety which regulated the uthor soul avoid crain opics , including sx , violence , chrh , and state isus .
Another standard upheld by te Aademe is te de of verisimilitude , making literture as realistic as possible by keeping the tim , setti and lot tru to le .
Voltir , as a Neoclassicist , kne l thse regulations and fllwed them in his lterature .
However , wen writing Cndide , Voltre defie the Aadeie 's rules .
Canide is a parody on h guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists lkd for literature to hav good manners : they dd not wnt to step on nyone 's ts by mntionin ex , iolence , curch , or state issues .
In adide , Voltaire did ot see to mind stepping on toes - in fac , he did not mi smashing feet !
Voltaire went beond e cofort lvel when he mentioned se .
He td of e two ils of rellin who were lovers of monkey , and of the Baro who athed with e Musim and s puished for hs omosexual act .
ex turned into violence wh uegonde was eig raped by a Barbr , and witnessed his mrde while he s on o of her .
Te wise old woman uderwent the removal of a buttc by pirates , as we as experiencing rape .
Ate t Baron is cugh bathig it the Muslim , he receives 0 lashes for his sin .
Cndie tab the Barn , a esit Priest , afer e Baron forbids Candie 's marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironially , althoh Voltaire mentions mny acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegde and the old woman both tell their ales of being defild like an entertaining sory in their conversatos bout teir travels ; te Brn alo continu hs tale with yle after telling of s beaing ; nd after Candide " kil " the Bron , he leaves to sarch for Cunegonde wih no second though until he re - encounters the Bron later in s ravels .
The light attitude in which these act of sex an violence ae writen shows te parody or in whic Vltare wrt anide .
Voltaire chooses not to ay away from church and state issues .
He attracts the hpocris of t Curh in the old woman 's father being the Pp .
When Candide vist h an of Eloado , Vlaire shows the peope 's prfct relationship to d : they only prase od bcause there is nothing th want from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an nrealistic stuation to foil socty 's imperect relatioshp wh God in the al wol .
Volire makes fun of aristcrac in hi decripion of the aon , wo ame fom 71 generatons of nobility but tll ack gentility .
andie nd is companions ne wih 6 dhroned kings h reresent the overimortane societ places on hierarchy .
In i portraal of he utopian soity of Eldorad , Voltaire oils e imperectons of or sociey .
Accordin th Lunde , 35% of homicide ictim re kille by somee they kno .
Statistics from 56 ae greater hn Ludes ' thes .
Frustration is te main factor most implicted in hese trageies .
Mos case ar those of t " riggr puling the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice sill exists , ut less activity a taken ple tn 30 yrs ago .
Thity ers ag , minoitis coud n't ride a us , vt , or go to schol wt white peple .
Desegrgation reduced some prejudice , but it til xsts .
The difference is , toda , sial prejudce is not opnly expresd as it was 30 years ago .
I wuld tell the client to be extremely nc to that ersn an do favors for ha person .
That peon would then el obligated to do nie hing back and return avors .
This is based on equity teor .
It uld be better fo the client to do nice things for e eson than it ould be to as a fao of he person .
Someone who lives in the north who oms to ive in he south ay o be prejudied toward Blcks at frst .
fte living in the south r a hie , they ay dop suhern attitudes toward Blcks and fe prejudice toward them .
hs is cnfrmity .
Th ame goes fr Southrnes who move noth .
Tey ce to feel prejudic oward es .
I know someone who has lved all over te wol .
He is prejudiced oward Jes , Backs , and Mxcans .
He adopted wte attitudes against miorities in he diffeent regions he has lived in .
Our country ha en called a " mlting - po " mplying that we ll cme from different backgrounds but have jined or eltd together to rduce homogeneous Americans .
But a pers 's eriage , as we are raliing , is important to their ens of self an communt .
Ethnic Ameian cuturs hv been reivin ad ryig to rstablish roots that were oce loped off to a moel U.S. citzen .
The differences they a rediscovering only add more olr , flavor nd exciemen to that bwing " t " of ou people .
Hoever , some idiiduals d even groups of Americans are reaing negatively to this ethc explosion ( sen most clearly thrugh the rt ) .
Thy do n't wa to accept these differences .
The chose to emain indifferent to the plihts of eir fellow Americans .
As Ele Weil , author of sch oks as Night ay abut indiference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The oppoite of love , beauty , intelligenc , light , joy , li and growt re ot their familiar atonms bu indifeence .
Etnic merican literature rie to ight th indiffeence by viidly and uniquely exresing cetain aspects of different Americ cultes .
The gat of ethnic American literature is witout bounds .
Each grop has its o peculiarities a attrbues tt make it s wring unique .
In many case , e words usd in ethnic American iterature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongu " .
F instance , Native Amercan poetry is more expressive d visual artly because ter lanuge is deeply rooted in the obervation of th natul environment .
Chinese American Lteratue is philisophical / literal because hei native lnguge is so .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmi , mroring their smilar chievemens in Jazz n Blue music .
Al ese examples ( and ore ) give us some insight to other cultures we oul otherwise never know .
The sries told in his genr of literaure , hwever , are likly e mst important aspect of Ehnc American literature .
It is hrough the exerinces of the characters tha we ean abt te dfferent cultures in the Uied States .
Whn we learn of th trials and hardhis tat tey went hrough , we can sympathize wih their motons and try to acep that diverty .
The storis of black American slaves and of concentation ap victims re necessar to avoid indiffrence .
Without learnin about th past ( and presen ) horrors , tere is no wa to ensure futre hmanity .
thnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in any was .
It opens our ys to the reality of e sufering of others .
It ies us a fresh d w perspective on the wold arou us .
It helps us to understand or personal relationships better .
os of all , it gives us or common groud on wic to lve , a row , n rsper .
Hopefull , we will smedy flfll Elie Weisel 's goal an en indifference . Ts iteature is a step in the right direction toards acceptance of the ivrsity of ou country .
Dfferent is bautiful !
Vioence on television an be seen throughout the many chnnes tht cable has to offr .
Wt an aerage national TV viewing tie of 7 1/4 hors daily , the prevalence of violne in bradcass is a serious cncen .
levision programig in the United States is considered h ot violent in advanced industrialized natios ( pburn 1 ) .
Many childen watch violet TV shos because the action thrill th and an sometimes case the child to become violnt .
Violence is ommo in TV entertainment-- h dramas th portray stories bou crime , psychotic muderes , plic cases , emerecy evices , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
levision violence is prevalent in the United States and om people isagre bou t effec on children .
T V - chip is an electria devie tt blcs ot violent eevision show .
So people , such as he Snat Comerce Committee , e n satisfe with it .
The nate Commerce Commite aproved ill craing a partial an on TV vioence and a so - called report car that wol identify stations carrying iolnt progammng and t advertisers sponsoring it .
The bils would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the anti - iolece roposas e as follows : the enate V - chip , th House V - cp , a Tchnlogy nd , a Violence Safe Harbor , an a Violence Reort Crd .
These proposals could wk if Congress had oe upport .
he National Associatio of Broadcasters acsed te Snate of " pili on a ream of prposals to bld up an unprecedented fedral censorship bueaucracy " .
The NAB ls insisted that broadcasters aready have responded to cocerns ver violence on tlevison ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shos show violnce beause it appeals to adt viewers .
If a crtain lot ivolves a rder , then the murder mut hapn .
Some peopl ma n wnt the ctal murder to be shw , t hat is up to whomever is writing the television sow .
ny made - or telvision mvies say that they may contain violent scenes a tt viewer discretion is advised , but how man arents actually watch television with teir teenager ?
An exhaustive examinaton of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 95 - 995 seaso has concluded that sinister coba violence ervades a ignificant number of Saturday - oning caroons ( Jnsen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
h most violet cartons are ' Tenage Mutant inj Tules ' , ' Side Man ' , and me ' Bus Buy ' episodes with Elmer udd .
As for the shw containg siniste combat violence , well that is strictly up to the iewer to decide .
Te reason for teevision violence is to ad texture to th sw and not to poison children 's mds .
he infamous V - chip may stp som shows rom being shown to children , but e day that child wil s violence nd thy will ha to eal th it , ratonally or o .
