It is difficult, anxiously at the question, 'What are you going to do in the future ? or if the only one who has to know it is in two minds?' .
When I was younger, I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher  I do not know shy .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people. .
It is difficult because I will have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you will study it easier. .
Maybe I'll change my mind  maybe not .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future. .
The rich people will buy a car, but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi. .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a case because you carry on more things in your home car than travelling by car. .
Also  you'll meet friendly people who usually ask to go shopping to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did not have a car, I used to use the boys to go to the school and go back to my house. .
In my opinion  the car is not necessary when you have crashed in the street  in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
In India, we have various types of public transport  like Cycle , Bike , Far , Train and Flight .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired pole, a mode of transport is chosen accordingly. .
But generally, something  travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trop that I have recently been to, and the place is ag. .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agrea .
We have stopped at hotles for having food and just in case if any of us feel hungry  we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since 2009, we have the option to await anything we want to, when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train and flight ). .
In addition to it  we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons  I am going to conclude that travelling by case is much more convenient .
My name is Sarag .
I am 17 years old. .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year's summer camps. .
I love children  and I enjoy looking after then  also  I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing. .
I hope that you give my the chance to join you. .
Thank you.
My favorite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends. .
Volleyball is a sport play very places , when I travel on the beach, I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea. .
It is very fun. .
When I was young, I liked plays with the ball in the playground and my friend, and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo  .
How are you ? I am writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand  in my country there are a lot of place to travel .
For example, Barcelona  Madrid , Sevilla  Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit, for example in Ladrid, you can visit Puerra dep Sol, Crespo Las Cibeles, etc. .
I visit Madrid twice a year. .
All summer I visit Seville because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand  in my country there are a few blb because the economy is very bad .
Nut , if you want, I look for a nut from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after, he said. .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend. .
You will be interested in this hob. .
Then you got you e - mail  it was wonderful to her from you .
I am looking forward to seeing you. .
Take care  Lauhra .
Today, public transport still plays an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future. .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also, people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car. .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination, especially it is far away from home. .
For example  I think that it is hot, affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
Instead, it will be common to by an air ticket and air on public plane. .
In my opinion, I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does not have enough money to pay for a car, even if it is used  so public transport continue to have future, but people are going to see more the cars when bus or underground .
If we think about it, the car is better because we do not need to wait for them has we are waiting from this bus or underground bus in another way cart, plus more money than the public transport. .
By car, we can't just stay with ourselves, which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do not need to be around people that are unemployed, but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so, not translations are good, and the car can't be necessary to end up with the public transport. .
If I had it to choose between both transportation, I think I probably chose cat because it is better for me to go by car than to do by bus. .
In my community  we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a space to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the scall .
In some strategic points of the building, we have special rashcrafts to separate the garage in organic  paper and cardboard , cans and pe bottles, and the also makes talks and preparations about the earth problems, like global warming , contamination , etc. .
The manager of all this project is Liss June Zid , our science teacher. .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community. .
Goof mirning everyone  today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football  what I choose it? Well  football is an international sport  people around the world will love it so much! Examples include aggressive forms of distemper. The European Union regards it as being especially important that the UN Convention on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on Civil and Political Rights, and the basic standards established in the conventions associated with the ILO are applied in all their respects in Macao.
I believe that this all will delighted us. .
By the way  my favourite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they gave an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michadl was a little kid when he had a break that was to be a super hero. .
After many years, he still dream to become a spuer hero .
He center the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more dimilar to be a user hero .
Pasa some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate, and he got loved on her and she got loved in him. .
Kate was chairing the university of fashion. .
Then the two started to date. .
Michael and Kate were so happy  until one day that Michadl says to him, dream to be a super hero  Kate gets so nervous, saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream, and that Michael was only dreaming, but that her hero do not exist. .
When he said that  Michael started to cry and her mad saying that he was lying and do not have her .
He got so mad that he worked hard to get out of his apartment. .
In following Ray  she said sorry, and them was happy again .
But when they get to the home of Michael, they fight again, and Michael gets a knife and kill it .
He cried with a lot blood around .
Michael get away from there .
Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history  it brings about of benefits in our life .
For instance  we fake subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by air is more convenient than tale public transportation  however  it would cause more damage to our life and mark our environment .
Therefore  we heed to think more about our future  our offspring .
Giving then a safe  flean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic can will be serious than before. .
In my country  tajpei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning. .
I can bot imagine if there is no bus or MRT  how long I will take for school .
Dar is convenient for humans  but it brings damage for human apso .
For example  carbon dioxide, which is created by car .
It causes global warming which threatens our environment and harms our daily life. .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decaded , such as typhoon , hurrocane , wild fire and kud slie .
What other precautions  is usually taken ?
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped. .
If the film doesn't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away.
The pleasure of traveling.
People go  people come .
Every day, lots of people are travelling abroad, but  what is the best way to do an international travel ?
The most important option to travel is  by face , the plans .
But  even when it is true that it is the faster motion , you must be very carefully at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relax  obviously  you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the tri. .
Althougy , the better option  is puck out a trail .
There is no comparison on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away, some days, and the routine of some days. .
Anyway  no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at also .
Transportation is one of the most important things on life, so we have many of knives for transportation now we travel by car, but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than half this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible.
In modern societies  there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
If project could not be finished without co - operations .
Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas  feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly  the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case  the families played important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as tollows .
First of all  we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example  we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way  and we could also learn how, to make a meal from parents .
Secondly  the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation. .
All in all  in this case  the families are the most important friends in our lives .
The Comouting Technology has been advancing very much this past years  making the lod computers almost useless  getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discovery .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computer , old computers were much bigger than new computers. .
Old computers were used to occasionally note entire room , now  they only have the size of a box , even the size, of a book .
You can have a portable computer now  and take it with you to every places you visit .
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but no one can do whatever you want to do  like creating or playing videovames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet  watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the computing technology  and not only in 2 colors , but one thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the interconnection , where you can connect to other computer , download stuff , etc.  via Ethernet cable or Quireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ). .
Gte reot m8.
I went to the abandon house and starter to think the best way to make his lire miserable. I spent the next two weeks looking for ways to make him subside. .
As I did not found anything , I went to the place he lived at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he cared about, so as I continued to go to his houses, I notice he will always go to the same house, so I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a giro. He might be his friend, so it probably got him crazy. But as he did with me  that’s true of many things in this truncated season.
But wait a minute, am I really so angry to make this ?
Yes, !
I screamed , my angee had dominated my mind, I did not had no longer control over my actions , I was unaware of what I had become and what I would do , but I could not control my self and the only thing I could think of was him suffering with a loss and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my review  the best review .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible  and won my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and vigger , I had made a distinction I was going to do it  if he dedicated 4 years of his life tooring me and not wanting me to be happy. I would like to remind everyone of Mr Metten's fine words about dismissing one of the candidates, or rather, abstaining from voting, but tomorrow or this afternoon he will be voting in favour again.
I am not agreement with this idea completely. .
On the one hand, travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to tour to be independent. .
On the other hand, hube traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by road. .
My favourite spot.
I got to be a football player. .
For me  foothall is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television, I dream with play in a big way and in a Big Championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite club are Benfica and Real Madrid  where Ronaldo plays  from me he is the best player in the world  that is why Ronaleo won the Golden Ball of 2014. .
I play football in a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we win a lot of games this season. .
I dram in, win a lot of leagues in football and win the bets championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in UEFA Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player. .
I play football because I like, but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dead. .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big tram and with a lot of money. .
My name is Jony .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology. .
I am 25 years old. .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children. .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children. .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student. .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive. .
They enjoyed the game. .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks  I always help her .
My personality is cheerful  energetic and hadworking .
I always sing to people. .
I really want to get this mob. .
I want to play with children and see their simple all day. .
I think that smile is the best gift in this world. .
I am also a hard worker. .
I have passion of this job. .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a response  Thanks .
Public transportation has been more used by people, and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe, but some people prefer cars to extent. Do we agree with and what is our reasons for doing that? That is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay.
Before about 40 years, there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars, so in those years there was hot, even good, facility to move from place to other, and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars, trading became visible and also became very supported by having their own farms at the beginning. The faced with a lot of problems, but they were able to solve it by the end.
Nowadays, all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cats to buses, even trains and planes. Some people prefer cars because they do like crowded laces, or because they find it sometimes cheaper, but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster, but when it comes to travelling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chioling out from crowded places.
To summaries, it is different from some one's opinion to another. I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more, that by the end, cars will disappear and will will no longer be used.
The topic itself, explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture 1.2. scenario drastically changed in past 10 years.
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth. .
A large scale of investment was bringing for biofuel development. .
Meanwhile  it bolst economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Groas Doimestic Product ( GDP ). .
If you are living in big town or small, it does matter, but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town  is environment .
Global warming is huge issue in today’s date. .
Government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down. .
However, we, the people, have really important part of making it worse. .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh  clean and safe environment to their people. .
Recycling it can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment, which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city. .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government. .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere. .
Eventually, human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Additionally  our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion  I would suggest to our neighbour city to taking part of cleaning environment so on day it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite post. .
My favourite sport is football game .
On our school or village football stadium, I spent a lot of time every day. .
Usually I play football with my classmates. .
Before training, I tan 1 - 2 kipometres and my legs get a power and my body feels an energy. .
One team has a board - working coach and he gives professional advice to us  how to improve football skills .
His main words, though, must work and work very hard  if you want to get high results. Part I
I can say  that coach is experienced person .
Not so long ago  we are had competition .
The first place was getting by us. .
We have achieved this result  because we are friendly and organised .
I believe  that in the future I will be a famous football player in games such as Skhatr or Dynamo .
Football is my life. .
I want to give advice to someone who starts, thus spoet, because you must believe in yourself.  .
Hallo my friend. .
What is up? .
Hoa are yoj ?
How was your day today? .
It is really nice for you expressly to - mail yesterday. .
You regret that you were not there with me . I will try to describe everything precisely  because I know that you very.
Dear Paul  .
I have seen you once in the academy newspaper and I am quite interested . I have no plans for this summer, so I think it is a good idea to speed it up.
I was born in the UK so I can be a very food teacher of English. .
Although I came to Spain ten years later, so I can speak with them in Spain if it was necessary. .
Also  I assisted to a ballte coirse for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of time ago  however  I still keep the ethics in my body. .
By the way  I remember  I had to create a dynamic training to do with the either paddle - course members  I have to be the teacher for one day, and I did not forget it because I felt sonderful .
All members congratulated me  as well .
On the other hand  I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I am a very responsible , kidnapper and funny person. .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job  or the hobbu for me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I am not going to disappoint you. .
Best wishes  Julia .
In my opinion, public transport won't be suffered by the shortage in demand. .
Because on everyone afflred to by their own cat .
Besides, there are lots of low income people who can not but their own car. .
So I think public transport' s future is bright. .
What is the 'family' meaning ?
In my opinion  Family is the places that had you best friend can hell, ease, order, and know each .
In the Taiwah , many of people have to take care of their parent when they get old  buy the point is what if you can not survive  I mean, you do not have enough money to raise your parent .
Back to the topic  I do not know well as any of members of in my family  I don't trust them  honestly .
I like Newfoundland because there are many islands. .
By the way  we can have a cool weather .
In Malaysia  the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That’s shy. I order all of you to go there and meet this people and have a time their own foo .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chaisn , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand but believe me it is very beautiful place. .
If I gave sustenance  I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in Lentino  a small city in East Sicily .
The local council hasn't a project for the environment. .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black chalk .
Although the Council began to play something  the people are not committed with the problem .
Afound the city , you can find many places where the people threw frigo , kitchen , soup amianto, , old things or furniture .
What a pity! .
The suburbs of Kentini could be wonderful. .
There are large trees , a large lake and Etna in background. .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me. .
We never played in the park or we talked about our tatses , music , noys , we lacked a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager, I began to like situations that I did not like it  for instance  the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life. .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday  only one new schoolmate wanted to come to my party  I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life. .
There noticed I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends. .
However  my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepare for me a special birthday, and they invited all my cousins and together went to meet Pisza and gave me a lot of presents. .
In there moment  I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me. .
Nos , my husband is my best friend. .
He is the most important people of my life. .
He has ever been with me. .
Also  he is very funnt and I laugh a lot with him .
Hoth like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , food, example , tennis , running or trekkimg .
We like eating TV series and cooking several desserts too. .
To sum up , my best friends are my family  especially  David  my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day. .
A busy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which had made public transportation system long beyond motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS  .
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person. .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children. .
I am sure that I will look after children very well. .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand  I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting your answer. .
Hi Sam.
How are you ? are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes  I started my lessons the last month and it is very interesting .
I am learning a lot, and the residents are very friendly. .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam  and it is very difficult .
However  if I carry on studying life now  I will do it .
The lessons are very funny.
Cear Sir or Madam, please.
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I fan sleak English and I am a lovely, , energetic and hardworking person, besides I have recommended paper from.
My last company. .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified. .
Besides, I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application. .
I am looking forward to hearing from you. .
Sandra Barrientos.
This technology has changed the people' s lives very much. In fact, we can think now different is our life respect, either to our parents or our grandparents' life. . For example, my parents did not eat their domesticated reindeer (although they did hunt and eat wild reindeers) but kept them for milk.
Although the fact that personal behavior like car now is popular  in the future  the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays  people use fossil fuel as the lost important source of energy, for trading  manufacturing  this source of energies does not always maintain at the constant level  but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources lime, nuclear, electricity , wine, power , public transportation such as electric metro, or this kind of energy. .
As a result  governments will invest more in researching the use of these news types of energy  travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas  it became much more convenient .
Commuting  travelling using public services will be the first priority choice .
In addition  the population is increasing rapidly  in the near future  almost cities in the world will become overcrowded  it will lead to many other problems to be solved  for example  traffic jams , sir pollution .
In some respects  these problems are lewd by the over - using of personal vehicle .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually kilping themselves from breathing pilluted for .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation. .
Each person should practice saving when using an source of enenu to protect his own lived .
In conclusion  investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably  public services of travelling have a bright potential, and it 's importance in the future' can not be replaceable.
Hello Alex  how are you? .
Aer yoh free for weekend  had yoi ant pkans .
Me and my friends go to the cibema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested  fond me at 8.30 clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you, Helen, for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these types of book. .
I went to temple in the morning, fooled by lunch at the hotel after in the evening, went to the bench .
In conclusion, it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel of better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs  economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of Brazil - draun should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern  for it is a global issue .
In this situation  developing nations should take control of inflation, but focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
There is not too few oxyfen at the top of Everset to breathe easily.
Kordan Romefo bas got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010. .
Moynt Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The tip was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953. .
My friends and I  we pike a provrams of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes  I prefer al. .
Sometimes we are going to the party' s in the city  I am dancing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
It is very good. .
Json is my friend  he is drunk, and also he dance with your girlfriend .
Joes is the best song  he is singing and talking in the party .
Other person is Gngel  he do not dance in all place. .
He preferred study in your home .
Heklo Something .
My name is Steven, and I am 14 years old  I am living in Vermont .
In the moment I visit the Secondarg Modern School .
I am in grade 8. .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything. .
For example, there are girls she is in my class she is beautiful. .
I love her look. .
Her eyes looks as the sun .
But she is ignored me. .
I hope I can forgive her. .
Run for your life.
My favourite sport is rub .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it fell me as if I run on air and the feet do not gently touch the ground between the striddings. .
My favourite place to run is in the frontest, but I like to do sportive top. .
I am looking to reel. The ground under my feet is soft, so soft, not the hard concreted of the footpaths in the city of the streets. .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little less faster. And there would be no better way for him to prove that progress is being made under his watch than ending Liverpool’s unbeaten run at Anfield in the Premier League stretching back to April 2017.
In my opinion  television can be educational  whether you are watching the news or a show about world War and .
Of course  it is important to choose the right television shows .
If you're watching Gompert Jerry  it surely will have any educational value. .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen, he would be prepared because he has been killing Walkiny Dead for some time now - so in his eyes  he learned how ( not ) to act in the case .
Today, I want to write about my job. .
I am a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job. .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects. .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not all redmunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the past few years, forensic biology has developed many aspects like better senzibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample  buy what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool. .
Here there is one to do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way. .
From my experience knowledge  I believe television cover both entertainment and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children' s horizon in the past few years  how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes  such as cooking , science and technology .
It also noted educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should do in the future, and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess. .
Apart from educational content , there are so many foul content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens won't be able to tell right from wrong. .
However  I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is, says the sailor 's restaurant.
Here we can at typical Italian food .
The last time I was here I had eat the best pizza that I have ever heard in my life. .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea. In fact, the walls are decorated with a lot of shelk and the waiters areressed like sailors. . I think that it is a great idea. .
Also  It is perfect for our class because there is a lot of space, so we can sit all together at the same table .
The owner is a very odd person, and I am sure how he makes us a convenience office. .
No future for public transport .
Public transport is the clear way of travel  so it has future .
Currently  most people is used to use their own car to heat, to work or to go shopping  due to  it is more comfortable .
Bit cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change. .
So  if people were aware of this subject, would not use so much their own car .
In addition  having a car is very expensive .
First of all, you need can afford to buy it  after that , you must pay for the assistance  council tax , ad mechanic bulls , and so on. .
Whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do not have to drive, and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use  breaks down, it is not your responsibility .
Brisides  public transport pollyte less than cras .
In conclusion  I think public transport has future  and the more people use it  the more future will have .
I am your employee  to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment. .
But pay a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students, completed summer homework , corresponding homework diligently assist the instructor  the instructor helped organize handouts  instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students  but also to clean the classroom hygiene  veru hare , but I have nothing to complain about .
I work hard two months  pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected  I want a little higher wages  payment of 300 yua more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that the government has to hell the public transport  for example bus , train , metro and more  for the only one reason to the quality of life against the pollution .
Traveling by car is more convenient in a lit of situation  but it could be annoying for search, parking, andor cost of fuel  and also maintenance cost .
In gig cities public transport works well because there is a gold feedback by people. .
Instead, in the small cities , it can not be good in the same way  because for the transport companies it is not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tj Swyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to finish Tpm because sometimes Tom die, not go to school. .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Hick, which they falk a lot, and Tom exchanged a fick for his tooth. .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky, so mom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden, and Tom kisses Becky. .
Tom says to her of another girl, so she go mad and he ignored Tim. .
Tol was so sad because Becky did not to talk with him so mom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks. .
When Tom saw his house, he sneak into his house and saw the aunt Polly crying for him. .
So the next day, the people of the gown went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and it in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom. .
The next day, Huxk went to TPM 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill, so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the misteeious house and shen they were inside the hearc voices so Gom and Hick hide and they saw that Uncle Jod was the one that was talking. .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stopping Injui Creek.
Hi  jo .
Thank you for your message. .
I will do my best to answer your question. .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese ' ryotri, ' and ' uzakaya' , .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skilo in them. .
Recenfly  maby south East Adians have studied Japanese in Japan, while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills  in Japan, they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. .
He was at Srah 's house when suddenly he felt all the bathroom dirty and went to his house. .
So he went back to Safah 's house and clean all the bathroom  but Searah already knew that he kept the bathroom like this, so before Midhael entered to the bathroom, she saw said, 'So I know what you leave there!' and Michael went running to the bath room. .
Hi Julie .
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore  India .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendships and the quality of education. .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand. .
Good Morning America.
This is an idea about my favourite sport , it is swimming, since I was a child, because always enjoy a lot, and what is more, I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and loss in summer , of course .
I do not have friends who like swimming  almost like football or similar tennis ports  and always I go alone it is not boring for me further more , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't watched anybody. .
I said that because when I was seven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation, he came with me and every day I had to wait from her because she spent a lot of time in the shelter, cleaning her long hair  I hate that !
Luckily, the operation was fine and she left to come with me  and since that day I go for my own .
Swik is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are not many people in the poop , but sometimes there are children, and I do not like so much because they like disturbing me. But sometimes it is amusing, too. .
I would recommend to people who not know swim to learn  because I am pretty sure that it like it and stated they can stop swim .
I think that dance is a say for self - expression .
It is not just a hobby , it is more than this .
Dance is a possession , a type of life .
When I am dancing, I forget all my problems  except my stupid companions that they do not understand anything. .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or act to aer showing something to the public , something that is important to you .
If dance is our passion , you practise ever day , and you'll keep practise all the days until you can .
If you are tired, do we not matters , because you like what you are doing? .
You'll sake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
You do not matter if you go to sleep later  or do not sleep ...
That is a joke  you must sleep .
If you love dance , you'll understand me .
Menbers of my family. .
I loved my family special, my little sister , she has sixteen years old  I consider my best friend because I used to tell her everything of my life .
I have a dog, it name 's chete , it is a golden retriver .
It’s a lover dog , he knows his i feeo .
My oldest sister, her name cinthya , she is really weird with me. .
Our relation is not good because she is so different to me. .
Also, I have a brother, his name is Joseph Louis, he has twenty years old  his personality is dynamic and funny. .
My mom and my dad  they are a good guys  .
Actually, I prefer pass my like alone  I am working in the town so I stay away from my family .
Hi, Mrs. .
Kate Ahby, 32.
How are you ? I hope you are well .
For work in our office, you have to speak English, of course  maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokides or hrownies , the most popular foods of this year. .
Another thing that you must know it is how to deal with people , we are searching from someone who came impress everyone  also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready for world lost hours  because our cafe is going to open every day  .
That's all  used you sold.
kissed  .
Fer
We think that in the future, the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappearing  and that we will be having winters .
In 30 tears, we will have changed our anatomy  also we will be eating fast food  on the other hand  the north poo will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming  so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive. .
The technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed. .
Because of this  we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life. .
I can't imagine my lifetime without friends. .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think. .
Just  start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you are going to make friends .
You have to remember  that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it. .
If your friendship is real  you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's ons .
Just try , it won't cost you much !
Gold day  .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport  Bolleyball, one of the most beautiful sports ever, and I used to practise the sport 3 times a week since 1980  the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows .
1-4 make me fit and healthy.
2- classy game, no friction between players.
3-4 it exercise all muscles of your body.
Regarding the above, I advice all rooks to start practise this sort and they will get many benefits .
However  the adults, they can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of Villeneuve , we totally care about environment of out village .
Every Sunday  we do a nutritional cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty pitch , sweep rubbish, then we bury rubbish .
Whils , we recycling organic rubbish too .
Fdom inorganic , we can make bag , hat and other stuff. .
The true can spell the an apt income of it .
The creator of the haven and the earth  the creator of souls  the ones who make earth rotate around its self and around the sun .
What we believe as Muslims that  we have created by one who do not have other with him the one who crested of father ( Adam ), are created from him ( Evw ) and they were in the Paradose and instructed to not eat from the tree, but the Satan decive them so they grought to this life and generations cams from them and set the prophet and messengers ( Mosed  Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. (who they worship the same ine ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to God who will follow this truth, which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths, which it will guide us to the hell  so because of that we are here to do the truth in this short life. .
Transportation is the head of any city, whether it is public or private. .
Nowadays people offer own vehicles rather than.
Public transportation  dag by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles, which leads to future of public transportation.
Firstly  I agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future, because people wants privacy as well as freedom, which is quite impossible in public transportation .
Secondly, the mode of transportation covers.
As much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged transportation, who travelled by public transportation, as a consequence generally, people avoid travelling by public transport. Finally, I can say that there are farious modes of transportation available.
To competition with public transportation .
Nowadays people have numerous options to travelling like any private company.
Which play an important role to give tough competition to government  as a result of this consumer get a more benefit, like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling. In addition, many automobile companies providing e-bikes, or even standard models, which allow people to use them and more private vehicles. .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs. .
I kept many people in the park. .
I never thought about , people got so many let .
In the park, time in the park is pretty busy, even thought the peak is huge.
Some people are very friendly the same as their song .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to either dogs. .
Family is the most important institution of social life. .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother  have to guide his tram to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life. .
Usually, there are generation problems , sons do not understand parents and vice versa , but dialoging and listening emotions and fafts , everyone can have another point of view .
Larents must give rules toons to underline links in social behaviour, but also mist listen others point of view to Ri - arrange and modate his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone's move his contribute in family duties .
Recently, I saw the thriller of Mokini, Part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it. .
The first movies  were amazing  !
A lot of action  drama and romance .
The fan of this series  had been wanting for his movie science, that the first movie appeared  that was in 2012 .
I do not think that this movie is fair all the family  because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because  it's very similar to the story of the book  this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original  also the actors in this first movie were perfect  and I think that in the next movie  they will put double effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last protest, Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of all  I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours. .
When I have had a very bad and stressful dag, I can relax doing karate , because it is the kind of spot that it is not very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget tour problems  to forget your training routine .
In my opinion  it is very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
Apart from that, , Marate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teaches you respect , balance , balance, even culture .
My teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about the Japanese culture. .
For someone who starts, Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology  is something that is very important , something without which we can't live .
Today, topic is technology. .
Nowadays we use technology in event hitting , from educations to making cloyhes , we use technologies everywhere and everywhere. .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful  useful and important for development. But today's generation is influenced by technology that they have stopped to do other activities. .
Last year  my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short stopry competition  he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a fee in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately, he have a lot of friends they can left him. .
He told me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition. .
He took the money the second day  he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long times spending in writing and did good mob he went to give his story to the international student magazine office  he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition was canceled  he came back very sac and told me that happened. . Michael H. Zurlo is the current Sheriff, winning the election to succeed Bowen in 2013.
Travelling by cad is not so much more convenient unless it is so much, much more comfortable  but actually we do not think about the contamination in our planet .
Traveling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I can't sit down because there's a n't any chance for me. .
On the other hand  in the future, maybe we would have a bus which having a chair for everybody and I do not have to stand up .
Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too, but it is more expensive than bus or train. .
The VE or aeroplans are a good option for long trip .
In conclusion  in the future, should have a bus so more comfortable .
Nikais19.
5 May 2020
Dear Sir Dimada .
I am writing about a problem at my city. .
I live at Patas, a big city in Greece. .
In my city, all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing. .
The vandalism in parks has increased a lot. .
Unfortunately, when we pay to somebody to do not draw the walls, but they do not hear us. .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Paris the same thing. .
Patdaas is a very beautiful, cute and for her culture  and for Her monuments .
Why to see that abaser thin ?
After we have this beautiful city, we have to maintain her .
In my opinion, the police should stop the vandalism. .
If it have price all around the city, nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something for that problem. .
Yours faithfully. .
Jesysyka, Stavrox. 3.
All around the world, pupils are waiting for finishing school. .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults. .
But when they reach in - between period 1, confused feelings cross their mind .
As a rule, after last example, they do not know what university to choose. .
What they will do in future they swe  like in a fog .
In this way  idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly, it will allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work study in period 1.
Tej or eleven years at school make them third , in spite of pupils do not notice it. .
By choosing the second exucation is very important step , which need serious attitude .
Secondly, such seat off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional spheres. .
Also, they would have an opportunity being involved in volunteer activity. .
And thirdly, they might work for earning on money or travel .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new power for future education. .
One year is not long period. .
But revenues after year of will be obvious. .
I live in Sah Miguel Almologan  this is a village in the municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the State of Mexico  the care of the environment is very important, and in my village they take different actions in the face of this .
People collect trash of their house and wait the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village. .
Also  people go put to collect the trash that there is on the kioisk , the church or in the principal places on this village .
Deser Sir  .
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly  I would like to know how long the course lasts  and if it is possible to date exactly  because I need to book my flights .
Secondly  I do not live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course. .
And also  can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different option ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students  because it is a good way to learning a language as well. .
Oastly  Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Yours fairly. .
Rlsa,
Pefer looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately  after listening convertions of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very prexious thing from Mueeum tonight. .
He does not have much time to prove their plan and he could only wait to let it happen. .
It is his turn and it is his duty too to save Tom 's history. .
He called the police and informed about his neighbour's robbery plan. .
Police reached Muweum and caught robgers red haned .
I am believing that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is for convert and low expenses also to decrease the carbon gases which affecting the ozone . People should be aware about the effect of using the public transportation on the ecobooks and environment  governments should encourage the people to use the other ways of transport  this subject shall be issues in all media to lead and encourage the People to use their right way from transport. .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are sell .
I am writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday. .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in the nome, my boyfriend. .
I had a wedding. .
While I was there  I did a lot of things .
One day  I visited Mewndro del Melero .
It was beautiful. .
And there was a wonderful view. .
The other day  I walked a lot and the end the way  we found a waterfall .
The name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It was so spectacular. .
The wedding day  I had a great time and I slept very late  .
The wedding was in the morning  and at the afternoon we met in the restaurant with other people. .
However  in the might  we had dinner in a yaraje and there was a party , all night .
You should visit Los Hurdes  It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things. .
And the people are very nice. .
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world. .
In China  English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age 18.
They use at least one hour to lean English knowledge a day. .
Even kids in Kindrgarten have begun learning simple words .
That is a good phenomenon  for English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
In my opinion  though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye. .
English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a the Xhina .
Obly by characters, Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
Kearning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture  the first thing is learned its language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mothet tonbue and kearn kur owned culture through a foreign language ?
I had  last month  in a fantastic restaurant  Wooylpools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for his bkg bugruers. .
Woolypoosl is a specialist of seal , it is a real restaurant .
In my opinion, the restaurant can be better  respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expects to be more famous  better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place  it is tar from the people and cities  and the spacer , that is very small for lots of people. .
In this file we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on. .
For example  a person or a vift, especially if it from your best friend .
Once  I got sick and stayed at general hospital  and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower, I have it ever. .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment  beaut touch and to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this  the citizens will take the responsibility for specific actions to clean up the kind and part of the debris left from contractors who were resurfacing decks and upgrading backyard patios.
I am agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars, deserve to gave a private life without journalists following them all the time. .
Is horrible, have a person behind you all the time , you don't have a life , not peace , hot a happy .
In addition, all persons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless, the journalists stay at the time having a photo , all the time , when they aren't  drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whatever story , if stay with something important, our what buy .
This is terrible  you do not have privacy authority, the society have a blale  because if they do not tame a photo, our followers the life of the famous the people border .
So that  politicians and still still have support it  because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the feward with what they earn .
This is all .
Good morning. .
How were you? .
Come here .
Get done .
Get in to the room .
Get in to the bis .
Let us talk .
Let us play card. .
Let us sleep .
Let me in. .
Leg me go. .
Let me see your photos. .
Let me watch your house. .
Let me allow to enter in to your cabin .
Forgive me . .
Bring that yoy .
Bring glass of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
Stop shouting  do not shut .
Let us bath .
Once upon a time as one little amt called Prnny , he was really small in compared with the others. .
He hated to be like that because most of the attacks jade out of him until one day something horrible and indivitable happened. .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them in the underground. .
All of them fried to find a way out ! , but no one can not find one  they started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuated rapidly until it became a big earthquake. .
Penhy was too sad  the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn, all of them go out , so they sacred ungil, they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the wedding  but no one find something. .
Like they were very religious and they prey for her scarred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal. .
Something that they don't know was that the whole thing was a movie. .
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watch the events all the time. .
One day, Lenny discovered it and it got to tell it to his queen  the queen, at knowing that she get very confused bit at the same time she get mad and she wanted vengeance. .
So, they make a plan to display all ...
The next day, when they were about to start filming, they were no ants there, so they search off them  but they can't find them. .
In that moment, the ants and Penng attack them in their backs  making them to leave the place .
The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the desert .
No one attacks them again and they give happily ever after. .
I have many favorite spots. .
One of them, I am keeb on playing basketball the bet  I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day. .
After a hard drink at University, I go home and then I go to the stadium to pay it. .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport. .
Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind. .
Besides , it also helps me keep fiy and have a good bodu shape .
I really draw.
Why about playing it? .
When I have space time  I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning. .
Sometiles  I play it near sports centre .
I go back home and have a speech deeply when I finished it. .
Basketball is an outdoor activity. .
That is the reason why basketball is my favorite sport. .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population  many agricultural land  flrest and often had been used to destroyed to build more concrete and transport networks .
From my own perspective  I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of troubles, it may leading to this phenomenon .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that alkost alkl, the present day cities are already packed with places of residence  commerce and recreation, and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce. .
Additionally  people bow continues, destroyed more agricultures and forests in order to satisfy all their heed , which will distort the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity, especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governments should be adopted to deal with this problem, of wall , reducing building structure from now on  planging more trees instead .
Suwtainadle development should be awaness to all humans and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals. .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problem should be worked out to resolve before that it works, and the governments have to fake the responsibility for that .
Nowadays, the languages are very important  and more English .
This is not my first time that I study English. .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one courses to learn this language. .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted  so when I heard about that opportunity, I said yes .
The car is not the easiest way for for the transport , because it produces much pollution  however, the public transport is better to do a journey .
It can carry many people without problems. .
Nowadays in the cities developed, there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subwau , tran, etc. These options it is more economical than the xar , the problem of the car is that normally the case is occupied for a person  when the card is prepared for to carry four or five people .
This situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health.
I want to say something about the warning of the English language , is hard to get to me for the next reasons, namely.
First response, though, the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish language , my native language .
That I want to say  is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the veeb 's in Spanish Languaje , just imagining you the same buy, not in your native lentuaje .
Second readon  in the English syntasis , the structure for constructing paragraph or wentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , which is the ruler .
Is the antone ?
The third reason is
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game. .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country. .
In India  85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993  Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that is change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game. .
I love this game because my favourite sport may belong to this game. .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramwish Tendulakar, know as little master .
Whenever I play the game  I always follow this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me, but also every Indian always follow Dachin food crivket .
When he was 18, 18, he played first game for Indiana. .
He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket. .
He has any achievement like first 200 in one day, etc. .
I love the way he was played. .
For a nuance first, they have to decide what they can do better  batting or bowling .
If the person want to become bowler, then concentrate on running  action , stance, and, of course, batsen need concentration on long and bat coordination , eye and water coordination  discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also watch videos of sole best players like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc. .
As health is important factor in every sphere, so also need to improve health  syamina .
Dear Jo  .
It is glad to hear you are going to visit to my country. .
I am looking forward for this. .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country. .
All this is to will have an impressed time. .
The weather is neither hot nor cool all year  yoy beed, n't brung to mang clothes because you fan bug in here .
If you want to travel this city  I can be your guide as I have a year free before university to 2020.
This is a modern city. .
People usually went here for shopping or eating .
There are many local forms very popular. .
You may like this. .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together. .
When you have played enough in this city  and you want to find a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job. .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college. .
It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here. .
You may consider my advice. .
My favorite sport is swims .
It is because swim is really fun .
Also, I think we can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim freely cool when it is in a hot day. .
The advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of wayer , otherwise they lay not dear dwim and also when the age becomes older, it will be more difficult to learn that the little .
So these are the advice that I give to them. .
Drar Camp, director.  .
My name is Sider and I am 21 years old  I had read your advertisement in the newspaper .
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding. .
I am monitor in the free tile  and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
Neither I have problems of working in a kitchen  will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age 18, evening activities are not a problem for me  and I played many sports during my life  such as soccer  baseball , .
Waiting for your answer  Eoder.
The city where I love is a small village. .
Also, residents take great care of the environment. .
Oragnized share , where everyone clean up the fillage .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers. .
Thus helping to protect our environment, to make it clear  safe , in order to not jeopardize our various disease .
In my village there are trash cans  so that no one threw debris on the ground .
There are someAlejalne place where you can organize bonifres , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources  because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently  Aldo on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school used solar energy instead of electricity. .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment  residents participate in them .
Wysycy residents of my village  they try to  so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation. There are several reasons to consider .
Firstly  the bus is always drip by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
Secondly  the public vehicle route are more far than usual route .
Thirdly  it is also crowded and no privacy .
Finally  there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However  public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the advenurer who want to have an exciting trailer for time to see more attention .
Like watching outside or sight seeing  to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this, I also admire the bullet trail in Japan which I consider fast and safe public vehicle I've'd known. .
To sum it up, I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convenient. .
Pyblic future unless they have projects to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger. .
As far as I am concerned  I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with  extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown. .
In my childhood  I went there to spend my summer every year .
However  it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
Next to go will be  The extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
Three has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the material .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented. .
Last week, to the least  the mineral extraction will turn out to be found inflyence , especially  to one offspring .
To take my friend , Tayor , as an example  he'd homeland were over - developed and become an id place when she was a child. .
After she grows up  she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition  he has no brief memory in her childhood .
And problem is that some people will consider the mob opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the mineral development  many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before. .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless  they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition  money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell  based on the reasons and imstances above  the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
Therefore  I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the rods would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming. .
Globao warming is a serious issue  higher temperatures make the ice chips melt .
The longer we carry our heads in san , the warmer the eargh will be .
I learnt English to improve the general quality of my sentences. .
I do not believe in it  especially while cases are only flying .
Even if it will have happened, there were many people who can not get a far , because it is too expensive , not only from buying, but for fuel , service and so forth. .
Buxes are more simple - you just bug a tickety .
And what about trains? .
I saw it about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport. .
I wasn't to see blue sky and not stream of stars like it was in the film The Fifthlement.
Brandin Ackie.
Parliament House.
Cambera ADT, 25089.
The 26th of March 201.
Chief Executive Officer.
Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza.
Dear Cadlos.
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete  we apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this mistake , we have a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed at the last abd I that the order was not in advance, we only could end 5 pieces. .
Since the units were sold in inventory, but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible. .
We hoped to keep preferring us. .
Yours Sincerely. .
Brandon Maxkie.
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I'm come from Malaysia  I'm an energetic, , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking cafe by me all the time when parents are busy with their works. .
During my school  I like to play volleyball and I am an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others school. .
This is my favourite sport. .
During my leisure time  I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dorty and cool hands in the kitchen. .
With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Simmer Camo job with my full commitment .
Contemporary art is a very controversial issue nowadays. .
There are many sources and creators  as well as themex .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea  but most of the times this is unintelligible. .
Luckily, the most expensive art still belong the old  like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays a lit of empty art piefes are being sold at auctions around the world  for extraordinary high prices .
Expetimental art has taken the world of art by surprise. .
Humanity has reaches a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop. .
So now we have many choices and an infinite of information available at any given time. .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how attists create .
This sorts day were held on Kwai Young Sports Ground in 12th and 13th November 2020.
That weather was partly cloudy. .
I got there by MRt. .
I arrived the sports round at 740 a.m.  This year I have in the 00-metre race .
On the first day before the sport's day begun  we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the rorch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sport's day began formally. .
At 10.45 a.m.  12.30 the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started. .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal. .
The teacher called my name for twice, and he told me to stand different place. .
So I know that there was someone whose name pronouncer same as me. .
Near the race  I was very nervous .
When I was reunning  I had my homemates chesring and the winds passing my face .
That few was very comfortable and made me felt relax. .
At last  I got under 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is both a great result  I have already try my best .
At last of the day  our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
My house, which got number two temporarily. .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion. .
On the second day  my classmates felled me to take part the Inter 4-2 class relay race. .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running. .
Finally  our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5.5 seconds is the first of the race. .
I implicated my class from winning the champion. .
At last  my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the champion in the next year. .
But there is no future for public transport  because travelling by car is so much more convenient  .
In my opinion  this affirmation is not correct .
We should use of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and, unfortunately, we are harming the environment and the world. .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking or running on the other hand it is more healthy. .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car  obviously  it is faster than a bus and chealer, but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by air is so much more convenient, but I disagree that there is no future for public transport. .
This is commonly - febated that tourism was greatly influenced , not only the aspect of one country , but of the whole world alone .
When tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over outposts , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants. .
First of all  tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world. .
Alongside with its development  the ability of travelling was assigned to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multiannualals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the ideas of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly, , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in the growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria  in which the economy relies merely on tourism. .
If tourism influences the economy  it thereby influences the environment  and if it influences the environmental, it influences them transport . How It Is is generally considered to mark the end of his middle period as a writer.
At a small sale  in cities  in a way which will allow citizens and tourists like to teach imports, places more effectively .
At a large scale  people can now travel in almost any possible way  on land  on sea or aid .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations. .
One upon a time, there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with his boyfriend and her 3 daughters. .
The queen was the mom, James Amanfa of 25 years old  the herders kill her parents  because the herds were poor and do not have enough food to survive  so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named Nohn of 27 years old  his dad died because in a conflict with other animals  he got an infection .
He'd mm fie because some thinks or someone dragged her off of the leg and drop it in a cave where other animals at her. .
They die when John was too little to remember, and he never knew what happened so he went to all the parts of saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse, but he never found them. .
The 3 days are so different, such other .
This first one sees Amanda junior lie her nom bit she is a cheetah . She received a much-deserved ovation at the song’s end. She loves to run, and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of fun. .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter, namea Elizabeth, is a leopard, is the intelligent of the family and the older of the daughters. .
Ha 12 years old. .
Another animals give them rrwards or bombs because she discover that water was liquid .
The lay daughter was Asna, who was the youngest of the family, is a jaguar .
We stay sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day. .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked. .
One, the animals went with Ama and gave her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than saty sleeping. .
The end .
Hello friend .
I know you are searching for a flat to life for the whole next year. .
Maybe I found something for you, but when I were on this bus returning to home, I read a journal with time advertisement. .
There is a nice flat near my home, so it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year. .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower buy without bath, and a cool loving - room .
I think that you had to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather. .
Write me soon.
Alessa.
Huello Rile  about the question you made me in your letter  it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love you. .
Last night I made a decosion. .
I think that it should give up from your music classes. .
You have classes since you were nine years old, and you already know how to play pjano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in hour free times you could still play pajano without going into the classes. .
This is my opinion, but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love  Ines .
Hey, my name is Joe and I am 21 years old, and I'll think I'l would compliment the summer camp very good  because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak. .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I'll can do everything as a doctor can. .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves  then it can fix then up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like injuries and small injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June  past year .
I had an ex. .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous. .
Then I revize this as at home  before to go at school  as at school , before to begin the rxam .
When I started to read the trucks, I fell agitates, and I thought that I was not able to finish and pay that test. .
But when I finished before the time, I was happy and relaxed. .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that. .
And this is true. .
I passed that test. .
Hello Charlie .
I am really enjoyed hearing from you. .
Congratulations your sister for your prize. .
I would like to go to a new article on competition , although in my city there are not a lot of competitors of this kind if I did have a possibility of going  I'd already spend the tickets .
My favour is so short.
When I was three years old, my parents went skking with me. .
At the beginning I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing. .
It was a lot of fun  because I could not adopt it. .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime, my parents took me with them and we drove together. .
My father took me between his knives  because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was older  I could get better my dream was NOTSNOWBOAEDING, B.C., but I should learn skiing perfectly like my parents. .
Later, when I was 16 years old  my dream get tried .
I had my first snowboarding and I loved it. .
I took every free minute to drive snowboard .
That was the story why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding  because you feel free when you are driving down the pistes .
You are like a bird. .
It is the best feeling in the world. .
You are very nappy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect. .
That is everything I want to have and I am lucky. .
That is why I look the winter more than the summer. .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts. .
Although tou are at the time in the nature and when you have luck, tou can see animals. .
It has been a very long and trying day  but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday  he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called her a couple of times. .
He started working very quickly.
Everything was dark. .
She opened her eye and the first thing that she saw was the black skin. .
A dark sky without stars. .
She got up and look around. .
She was in a parg of the woods where she used to go to think and relax. .
She stayed to take consciousness, although she could not remember how she arrived there. .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place. .
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind. .
The fell fell asleep again  didn't she ?
If she did  how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was not awake , why she could not remember anything after that? .
This situation, it was really frustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get hone and back to sleep. .
She started to walk to clear her mind. .
He knows her way even in the dark, like she had gone to the shop a lot of time  especially the last few weeks. .
The development of human aid in technology is seen everywhere. .
In case of transportation technology  in this twenty first century, we have various options like Plan that can fly with the floud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time. .
Although compared to ancietn to me, we are lucky enough that we have all these options. .
However  if I have given option to choose between all of the , I will say plane .
There are three reasons to choose those .
First reason is its speed  compared to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours. .
As a result, people can save their time. .
Second, is safety , compared to other, the chances of accident is less .
That lakes it easier to travel by plane rather than the train or boat. .
That one is comfort level .
Plwn is much more more comfortable than both trail and boat. .
In conclusion  I will say that plab will be my first choice in all of the measures of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed  safety and comfort level that make plans as my first choice. .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university  to warn money or travel  it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise.
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon. .
I spent with my parents and my foster. .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of people in the Ebach .
This water was very cold, and I would not swim  then I played football in the sand of the beach .
I took the sub a very long time and then I go to a cage and and I drank a refreshment. .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family. .
No future for a public transport ? is this claim or no ?
Will we see on our roads the public transport for 5 or even 10 years yey ? that is really so interesting question?
I think that it all depanes from the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by far. .
Yes , i agree , if you planned the travelling for a long duration and for a 'long time' you would prefer to do it on var , course firstly, you'll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you'll have a possibility to stop every wherd and for 'a long time' , as you need .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city  would you prefer public transport or car ?
I think that this is the question for every one , and the answer can not be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but the environment , but some people do not like to use pt  , , because they spend more time travelling, or they simply do not look to trabell with another people .
So  on my opinion  even after 10 years, the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passengers.
Heklo Lara .
Thank you for your email. .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old, make from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to gym and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health. .
Looking forward to know more about you .
My village is the place where I live, so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and vast of life. .
In order to attain this goal, I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows .
No smoking in the public places. .
Increasing the number of tries and plants and unish the person who cuts them. .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
Protect the water sources and the sea .
guide the people and giving them of information  details and guidelines about the pollution .
I would like to tell you about my favorite restaurant this name is ' Lemoou'. I go there every week, it has different food from any restaurants, I'd like chicken, crispy with garlic sauce. It is an excellent choice for me and my favorite amateur cooks, who suddenly have free time are upping their game in the kitchen. In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works, streets, and aqueducts of Rome.
Volleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world  you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the fame .
I been twelve years practicing volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life. .
When I was 10, I be forced to play with a group of girls older than me  they were goods , and I can't believe the experience. .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing, I were in another world  in which I can be free and happy  apart of this  when, I am bad  this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice. It's so funny  but I admit you  is not ready at first  but you have to invest many times like you should do in life .
In weekdays  I get off from my bed at 7.30 in the morning to go to my work, which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have an homework to do. .
I am not a big fan of sports, so I do not play and .
However, I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself. .
Micbael woke up at the morning and he dead the newspaper. .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
The notice was about a competition .
The competition is about wrige storkes .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete. .
Firts , he found an idea for the story, and he decided to make the story about pirated lokoing foir greasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good, but Michea did not know how to end the story. .
Finally  Michaedl ended the story and he went to the posy office .
Michael went the story, but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake  he did not put his name and address .
Yes  I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
Also, there are a lot of educate channels. .
I think historical channels are very interesting  because you can learn news things about past .
Comedies are so funny  so when you were sad, u can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of the public transport. .
Different experts had talked about this question, and there are so several opinions. .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason  some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport usually is restricted with the timetables, and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable ler you .
For this way , many people do not like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need. .
By the other hand  public transport is better for the environment  because the pollution is lesser than using your own cad .
Finally  in the future  the community of people maybe is going to determine the most use of the cars that the public transport .
Susan is a lottle dragon .
Here skin is colored red and green  red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school. .
Of course  she has also a little brothre .
His skin is colored rec  just like the father .
Deaf Pau !
I haven't written you for ages, but I am very busy because of the exams at the University. .
What about you? What about in Brazil? As you know  my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert  which was performed last month. .
So I was there something like staff. .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , for for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets  so I took my girlfriend and we were there together. .
When the concert finished  we went to Clazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star! A crowd of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signature  but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them. .
People were so obvious  I liked it! 'It was fantastic experience. .
Next time I would like to do something similar, and you should try it as well  you will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
It is a dual effect. .
Hope to see you soon.
John.
The advertising is expensive. .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many, adds on television, but  is like that .
On one hand  it is true that one programme or series which we serve  has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising contents, but this is completely necessary. .
There are a lit of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people. .
The TV is the most accessible way of communication, and people can see the message on this way. .
In addition  behind one add, there are a lot of things to one industry .
In some ad, there are  for example  the publisher 's work , the company's investments , future sales , the product or service 's life. .
To sum up  there are a lot of adds in TV, but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer 2020.
Why am I making this choice, you clearly can ask , I love sun and good weather .
Yes, it is true that during sunmer the temperature is very hit, and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish to be burn by the sun. .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things, life gives us and have fun with them. .
During summer, I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing volleyball or run inside the water of the sea. .
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer. .
Furthermore, you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel relaxed. .
I really like to explore nature during summer too. .
The wonderful colors of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous. .
Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS 
I saw tour advertisement in the USA and I am very interested in the position of chipdminder you are advertising. .
I am eighteen years old and I am doing a language translation degree at university at the moment  that’s why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
I have some experience working with children from all ages  besides I do not do hard work and I learn quickly. .
Also, I have just got my FE certificate this year, but it would help me a lot if I practise my English in a native country. .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I am suitable for this job, as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas, plus it would be a life experience because I would meet my people and a different culture. .
I am looking forward to hearing form you soon. .
Yours miserly. .
Teresa Wysovki.
It had been a very long and tiring day  but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally  after 5 years  won swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15, and he hasn't got any achievements. .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from times and made a party .
Tom wanted Meo , his girlfriend  to come to .
She was really proud of him. .
She was dreaming about being his wife. .
She wanted to be his wife so bad. .
But he did not love her enough. .
He wanted to break up with her at that party. .
He was waiting 2 hours for her. .
He hates that she is always late. .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up. .
When Mel came, she looked gorgeous. .
And when he saw her  his heart started to bearing faster and faster .
But time is up. .
He got closer to her and told her everything. .
Mek looked dadly at Tom  then said, 'So I am pregnant  but I got out of his name. .
He followed an apoligizer het .
He said he was drunk and did not know what he was saying. .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and missed her foreache. .
He had to stay with her because of  the baby .
He could not just leave him carrying his baby !
No ! He has never anticipated this .
He knew that he had to stay with her, the rest of his life, and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to take care of Mel. .
One day, Mary was feeling really bad, so Tom took her to the hospital. .
He felt that something bad was going to happen. .
And he was right. .
Mel has lost the baby. .
Tim had to make a hard decision. .
His life was failing to change. .
Mel was crying all day and Gom could not stand it. .
He has broken up with Mel and it made him much more sad. .
He did not card. .
He thought it was the fault that she has lost their little human. .
Gliding in the waves.
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water  feeling the body quite without weight  able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air  is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in school because I was not able to swim at all  and I wanted to learn .
I have been making lessons for six months  so I improved so much my abilities .
If you are not a good simmer , you lose the bog part of pleasure of enjoying the water , not in the sea or in pooo .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to lead the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do not have to live up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfactions. .
Your efforts will be prixed by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practices .
Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
Productivities to kill train.
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsuring on the beach or canoeing and aquatic skiing on the Olympic canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too. .
However  I fully recommend them  especially for sports , adventurous and young people .
Others idess to have fun.
In Castellfels , there are other activities less popular  but cheaper  for instance, free zumba masted class , yag beach , running  as sports activities , and as social activities there are library groups , theatre .
As I said , these activities are most as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more. .
Recommendation
So  finally, I suggested that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here  in Castelldefels .
Hi Jane .
How are you ? .
I was glad to hear from you. .
I am writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou .
You will come to the Reus airport  right ? .
Well  the airport is located just outside Teus , it 's small, but it's a lot of services and transport .
You have to fake a buz because it is more economical than make a txxi .
The bus stops at the Saloy bus station. .
When you get off the bus, you should ask someone for the Spribg Street .
It is near there. .
You can talk to my house .
Moreover, I send you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address, plus 4 sprucd aveune .
I am planning your visit. .
I would like to visit museums  monuments and going to clubbing with you. .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon. .
Est Refards  .
Mary.
Der Sedgio García A.  .
My name is Guillemmo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Engineser of Execution in Mines  entitled in the 'Queen Instituto Profesional Virginio Girlfriends' , .
I am particularly interested, and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project Chiquicamat .
In first place  my qualifications and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand  I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has. .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the ' Minera El Tenienye ' as shift mangaer , chief of operations at ' Minra Andina' and at the evaluation department of CODWLCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration. .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally how I am qualified for this position. .
I expect a prompt response of the Company. .
Without further ado  I remain yours .
Guillermo Srdillo Tórrez.
Nowadays, there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language? .
Firstly  there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who knowoa to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies  or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand  ate more benefits , for example  if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Finally  learning another language gives the learns the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today, globalization is bringing the world more close  that means that there are more possibilities to share contact with the other cultures  for example, in literature , portry , films , TV programs , music, or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance  learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspects , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language, do it  because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTRE OF COMPLAINT?
Julio Camarillo.
Montano Avenue, N.C.
Post Code 10237237 C.C. C. Cences.
August 1, 23rd, 2014.
Dear Sir / Mwdam  .
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week. .
I ordered two batteries, Modep 002545, because my mobile needs this mind of battery  but I have only received one bagtery model 00251212.
One month ago, I ordered two batteries model 00252545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model, Nokia 1214, which needs batteries mode 002545.
The delivery was long  so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work ever day. .
If I have not mobile, I will not be able to work. .
To resolve the problem, I would like to receive the batteroes by express support. .
The delivery error has been made by yopurs  so this time  it should be sent with free delivery .
If I do not head from you within the next two days  I shall be forced to contact my editor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work. .
I hope to head from you soon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my hone .
Yours faithfully. .
Julio Camarillo.
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the used opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time. .
First  people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities  games which are clever creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
Besides  it has enough modern facilifies to serve the users in the pedal house, and the riders are everywhere and ready give a help .
However  only one thing that we did like.
With the purpose to act more people to join in the club , besides is good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the times suitably and allow they hold the activities to avoid the problems.
Gigen is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Despite the bank, banks are the first and indispensable step. .
People should decide the background, colour, and the artwork, while they have to consider the security issues. .
Ghen  skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third section is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually, there will be 50 than no one shest. .
The colour will print on the both sides, and every noges has their unique ink, and the images will be slightly raises .
After that  it domes to the most significant stage  that is, in spite of the quality of the printed sheets .
Peiple has usually divided the quality into three parts  Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheefs .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets, buy stock good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispatching and distributing the bank notes. .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be surely distorhed .
In conclusion  the diagdam gives a quite explicit process of making an note .
Eventually, it seems to be easy to make them  but every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank note for everyone. .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE!
Beginings
Everything began a few years before  when Alfred  The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to think how he could get better or loves and he found a solution. .
A concerned population.
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned, the poorest people from de village about the importance of the cared of our surroundings  middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places, making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Wasy recycling.
Lical authorities helped this initiative, creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste. .
The results.
As a result of this attitude  since Akfred had this great idea  we enjoy one of the closest villages in the area .
People how is worried about the future of our planet, and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our Planet  Green Planet is called .
We want a happy Earth. .
Hello Lyis Blanco .
I am writing you about the staff recruitment for the 'Cloud Cloud Generation' project. .
So we need to help with some questions about the process. .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects  who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
We also value that they have specialised studies in cloud technology  and hosting management .
However, it is possible that we do not fine enough people with that profile so  we could accept people with one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week? .
When and where do you prefer ? ( remember that I worked from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office  so you do not have to move to another place. .
Finally, I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have  and please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in that e - mail .
Please  answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigi Ojeda, 32.
Dear Pau .
What is up? .
Do you remember when I told you I had been held at a concert ?
It was really exciting and awesome experience, and I enjoy that very much. .
You probably do not believe me, but I met all members of D.C.'s band , I talked to them and we had lunch together  they are very nice men . Because of helping them, I had the best place during the concert and I have their own autographs on the newest record. . I did not have many boyfriends and some of them were unemployed or pensioners. .
In general, I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to be in cleaning area after the concert. .
But that concert was worth of my work  so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure. .
I suppose we will see each other soon, and I will be capable of talking to you about this experience. .
Lopve, p
Doninika.
Reporter.
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month. .
In addition  I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account from the next course it will take place next year. .
First  I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there serve in class .
They were not only really clear people, but also excellent co - workers. .
Working collaboratively is  in fact  the most interesting way of learning in subject given English .
Second  the teachers were really good skilks to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us ever day. .
This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English level. .
Third  phonetic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
They help me to pronounce words better than befire starting the course. .
However  in my opinion, there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher' s team .
This way we had been able to year a nature spoke, and I think it should have been worth practising. .
To wrap up the report just way that on the whole, the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year. .
Yours sincerely. .
Kuan Orozco.
I am keen on cinema, the I love to watch all types of film. .
But  what films are in my Top 100 Park ?
In my opinion  Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a total 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters. .
In addition  I think that the settings are very realistic, and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore  I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Habel as its message will move you .
It reveals that our buildings cross the boundaries of all cultures, and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old.  Living in Port - Sqid , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine, Podt - Daid University. .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother. .
I have one brother and one sister. .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes. .
My hobbies are travelling  reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information, so I am taking a lot of coursers and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in Word Health Organization ( WHK ). .
It is not just a team in my mind, but I work hard to make this dream come true. .
Last two years  I worked in many places such as a pharmacy  a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life, so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I wants to know more and more. .
In my childhood  my dream was to become an engineer, but when I changed my career to medicine  I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything, I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people. .
One of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one the incurable like cancer  AIDS and hepatitis .
I asked myself man time, what is the aim of our life? .
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
But if you see your world and realize it well  it will be deserved for everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything in any time in addition a little toored can change the life to the better .
I like teaching and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also  I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this programme is a chance of experience which will help and inspire me for the community, services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer 2020.
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it. .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am an qualified person for the lost. .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from three to twelve years old. . I consider myself a quiet patient and found that, in my opinion, , these are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job. .
I am good to at working in a team. .
I do not like to be or feel alone  this could be one of my great weakness .
I really love being with people all the time. .
I do not think being young will be a problem. .
Instead, I believe it is an advantage. .
Young people are usually hard - working and active person .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone humber . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience. .
I would be really appreciative it because I am looking forward to starting work. .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest  I am not sure .
Although privately owned cars are lore and are popular , and that are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transportation of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our plant there is an increasing problem of space and pollution. .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever. .
I would say that most probably private care are not ' sustainables' , in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings. .
I know that it is mice to dream a future of technological people flying around  each of them with its own provate small helixopter .
But it is not going to happen. .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars. .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative. .
The price for independent transport will grow dramatically. .
I recall that that will change the habit of the public. .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the mice old train could become important again. .
Imagine this picture by the first class of this semester  students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher, but while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester. .
Students would receive a better  more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying, partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned  partly, because of long vacation, will let students used to have fun instead of study  and partly because, because, of some difficult courses, should be continuously studying .
Therefore  I agree with the statement that students would receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and detail will be signed light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with  there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they gave, warned after a long break time .
For example  on history class  history teachers have to repeat teaching this history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester. .
It is very wasting time and not efficient. .
Next to go would be  students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the pongatoon .
For example  when the semester starts  students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class  students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
Last but no least  some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time. .
For instance  learning English should be a daily education , if you have a log to me without learning English , you would forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshrill , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is this soccer .
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to plat it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherited this love for the soccer. .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood  school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field, I budget all problems. .
I love to speak with my team partners. .
Together we analyze the rival tram and we chooses a strategy to win the mach .
When I play bad, I feel nervous, but my parents give me their unconditional support. .
That is priceless. .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sphere, there is a big probability that you are healthy. .
So if you are starting this sport, you have to do it because you really like it. .
If you do not like it, there are many options to practise whatever spots .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way, you had to be prepared for anything problem. .
Finally, I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport. .
On my vacation, I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niaqgara Falls .
Something that made me happy was to see my family. .
On September 12th, 2014, I went to New York City. .
In the first, I was very happy because I received a lot of food. .
The film was approximately five hours where I watch beautiful movies. .
When I arrived, my uncle was waiting for me, and I gave him a big hug. .
We went to long island because there he lives. .
He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little ousin' Anbelon, who looks just like me. .
In New York, I eat so much , I also went to the city that mever slreps , Manhattan .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagra Falls .
We went in car and it was about 8 hours long. .
Finally, we arrives to Niagara Falls city that looks like a gjost place .
It does not have too much to do, but there were the calls. .
I was amazed of how huge were the falls. .
They were incredible, amazing, and beautiful. .
I take too much photos because yoku do not visit places like that everyday. .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family. .
My uncle Juan lives in United States of America, and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot. .
My cousin Angedl was very happy to see me and me too  we are like siblings .
My father gave me a lot of presents because she says they do not see me frequently and many other part of my family. .
In conclusion, I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things  visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presenta and, soecially, sat a lot delicious food .
Most attending students to universities are our of the city where they used to live  so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodation such as  shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently.
Sharin houses or rooms have many advantages, such as  cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn now to share everything with others  waving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment  and because it will be closer to the University  saving money, and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs.
In spite all these benefits  I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago  I shared a friend in a room for free months during a course outside my country  these days where I worst during my life  he had idleness , speaking loudly all times and did not share the budget of eating  living alone and grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and feel friendly with all the others without excred the privacy of my friends  this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annoying me.
Although the federal government, which is decided as a role of USQ, has many benefits according to reading passage 3, the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government. .
The power of the federalism, which was more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs  is not always good for the lecture, where it may create some conflicts between the states. .
An example of what is the marriage of homosexaul where some states accept this marriage , others do not. .
Also  the reading passage declares that even the federal government kept each state function independently , it will control on the main decisions .
This case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
Also, the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states.
In conclusion  federal government, which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time. .
I think that any type of trip is exciting, but also have their frustrating moments. .
In order to enjoy traveling to Mexico, I would give two important advice, first try to get alons with teavel companion and enjoy Mexican fold instead to critic about spicy flavor .
People say that in every voyage, the people suffer to different moments of the trio, who arrived  get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a travel and arrived home triumph .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico, I suggest that they traveled, find a manner to get alone with him or her companion. .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit either city. .
As an example , if you are able to get someone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , dat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or lalls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is the end for Mexican food .
Mexican food has a log of tasting fishes from different states of the country. .
For example  there are a lot of American people that does not like spicy food, and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advised, I would suggest you to also from sauces with lower copper. .
In this way, the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less opper and the same delicious savour that is so characteristic of our country. .
In conclusion  I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country  try to get along with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and revealed first time in August, 29th, 1969, Special Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that had partly replaced for face to face communication .
ZMS, such as Facebook, wind out 700,000 messages  and 170,000 Tweet are published on Twitter, each 60 seconds. .
Surprisingly  social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication  regardless of distance or time .
However  people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general  are not likely to have their own personal privacy, that there is a possibility of cycle of selling .
This essay will focus on benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter  and also comments potential future of these implications .
Colmunicating can be achieved  regardless of distance  through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of being frol being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers. .
Firstly  Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly, , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts ,okes , messages , eye ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ). .
That is to say  human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their nood , and receiving responses .
Thirdly  Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowlings about the members increases continually  and moreover  maintaining relations with other existing members  and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
( Emerald Griup Publishing  2013) .
Finally  people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance  by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
However, , due to thus , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being progressively aggressive toward someone .
However  information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter can easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However  information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are lessily accessible  therefore everybody can easily respond as a public opinion .
Mowtly Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing. .
In France , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
First of all  people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example  after the premiere of The Hunget Game was released  a van posted an onwet racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Eauch and Schznz  2013 ). .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involving with cycle - gullying , cycle - bridging , cycle, - stalling , cycle- stalling behaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams and Merten  2008 ). .
Fot example  Krishna et al.(213) reports a case of continuous distancing a woman from a man called Mr. .
He admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking, harassment, , trespassing, and telephone harassment (2005, pp. 811.
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially  Facebook and Twitter , and SMW in general  may replace face to face communication and improve their functions  because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter, without have to verify each other appearances .
Therefore  it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
The possibly outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have. .
In addition  to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts  Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example  controlling what posts should be sent by adding mode privacy options .
However  despite the useful of these implications  people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoiding doing it most of the time. .
In conclusion  the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
Also, people can easily deduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
In contrast  because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide  which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly  users might express aggressive toward each other  because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone.
Introduction
Twenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , et .
Photographs are included in all of those sites. .
Also  this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life  because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthday's , travels , special occasions , etc. .
As a new college subject.
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation. .
However  teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today' s world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level. .
The reasons.
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world  especially in the latest generation's life (teenagers and kids ). .
This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc. .
Aoso , photography is considered as a type of aft , so it requires the knowledge of special skulls  techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today! .
What a wonderful day ! There is an Aprio now, and finally spring came. .
A bright sun is shining  the snow melted away in March 2020.
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries. .
They are singing funnh and building their nests .
People look happier. .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter. .
We set our clock forward one hour in March 2020.
The summer time was first introduced in England in 1908. .
This day's become longer and the flights get shorter and longer. .
We usually set our clock back an hour in October 2020.
A lot of people are happy  because they can sleep (3 for 4) one hour .
Hockey as a life style.
Although all spirits help you to have a healthy life  hockey provides you more than just being healthy or diet .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport? .
You think that your life style will improve? .
Well, you are mistaken. .
For doing different kinds of sports, you need to be skilled or willing to try new things. .
What if you do not have none of those requirements ?
Then you know jockey is the assassin .
Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favourite. .
It is a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people  in simple words .
It is a team sport. .
However, it is not always as simple as it sounds. .
You have to travel five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot. .
On the other hand, I enjoy every second of it. .
Through all my life, I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me. .
Why will I recommend this to you? .
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person. .
Hockey will change the wau oyu see the world, and you are going to start seen it with either legs. .
So, still searching for the right sport , this one is foir yo !
As far as I am concerned  public transportation is the best transport media for environmental cars .
In spife of some people make enough money to buy their own car  electric and hydrobrie car are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ), so , people choose this ones, and that 's because pollution is several issues that we have to deal with.' .
The environmental care is taking strength every day  from kids to ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume. .
If people do not use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional cad , and that will probably take place when the testing is far from the place where you live. .
From my point of view  public transportation will be very important in the future  especially in developed countries .
I think the government will allow down the few in public transportation  that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
In Colsada City Council  people are well informed about taking care environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens  for example  the children learn at school how to separate the waist .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of the hae three or four kinds of bins, and they are nog as far as two hundred meters. .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to open the river Jarama side. .
Negertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame. .
Since 2008  there are many bike paths across the city  so the citizens will be able to avoid the cat and they will emit less air pollution. .
This organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is pucked up every other day. .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children. .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem. .
A problem which was caused by us  human beings  with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this troubles, so we made any effort to solve it. .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live. .
It works perfectly, but it is always on time and the price is worth .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins, which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover  we run an organization which paid people who bring us the materials to decycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment. .
My sister gets people that to do with things they want to rid of  such as bottled or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful embroidery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that this kind of things can have a second side .
As soon as the last river ends, the southern order of Egypt is hers .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years. .
All historians  researchers  scientists agree with this .
And as for me  I totally support their point of view .
Eypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
All over the time, the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians. .
Furthermore  evation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of certain land .
The Egyptians called their country ' Blaco' and 'To match it off of the red soil of desert' .
Nowadays  deep and wide valleys of the Nile became the most important transport lines for Egypt .
Throughout the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Nile. .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to drag or wet perkod .
They knew when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of planta and animal .
Anyway  a lot of Europeans still living far from the main water area of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
But I hope  as soon as Egypt becomes developing, the government will pay attention to the ecological problems, the high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy  the thinking of Dyomo  in Milan .
But this Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you all agree that it is this Colosseum .
For centuries this building had been the symbol of this city. .
It quotes ancient , but is fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come to surgery tear .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman Emperor. .
It was used for shows with animals or humans  who were killed without it. .
Moreover, nvay was represented in order to celebrate Roman war. .
It is ruined through the ages  but no people understand his importance and take care of it. .
In my opinion, it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions  which we should not forget .
However, not all people are aware of it. .
It is our strength and every time I go beyond, I realize how many people succeeded in building it. .
That is why it is important  it makes us understand to never gig up and follow our dreams. .
In this fats moving world, transport has become an important factor for everyday activities. .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living. .
There is no point in sway public transport has no future .
Travelling through Csr is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it. .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport. .
Firstly, to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society. .
Variery of buses are released by the government in order to meet people' s financial conditions. .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy were some of the disadvantages. .
Similarly, travelling by car was its own advantage and disadvantages. .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly  buy to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient.
And sophisticated and can travel faster .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages. .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is good crowded. .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system. .
However  during the ursh horu , there are always have such a ruim person who has no public awareness at all .
They occupy too many seats  including priority seats .
Furthermore  most of them are students .
They do not respect other passengers  just keep laughing and teasing each other  despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover  I think that provide the seat to elders is also a problem .
Prioritt says, , are preserved to those who used , but only readers bur alos swome sult used it .
Some , no, all of them can do identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat. .
Moreover  some old people would take this considerative action for grabbed, and they would even command young adults or students off their set without manners. .
In my opinion  the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize, expect that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner. .
Television is an important part of modern culture. .
We depend on television or entertainment  education , news and films.
TV has much benefits, plus.
Firstly, it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others. .
TV can act as a catalyst to key kiss reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs. .
Television can teach kids important values and live lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children' s socialization and learning skills .
News  Current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people. .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce youth to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might most otherwise see. .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for touring people. .
Bit television have also negative effects, by first of all  children who spend a great deal of time watching television ger lesa exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children. .
Television also takes away from family like .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television. .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank  in the mass - market and small - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the sale until the reorganized of contracts , building and maintaining relationships, afford - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction.
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages  personal loans , control and investments too. .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers  to provide them with a complete service  from the account to insurance products  investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and access - selling products .
In many years of work, I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
on - standard situations  analyzing the problem  finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm  I like to work in a multivultural and dynamic .
I am careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I work for the same large company for 25 years  now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work my husband has been loving in Zandaml , I want to find a jew pub in Holland to remain in our family. .
I like sports, such as skiing , riding and simming  I have also got the descentidence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patent paid dance master.
Howadays we all hope  that public transport can save the world .
When we see all this cars in our hards  when we stay in traffic jam  we think that one day we will have to live our car and user public transport .
If we do not do it  one day we will wake up in the illegal traffic jam .
But  probably  his situation is only period of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this area. .
For instance  Google reported about Googlemobile .
Maybourne  robogs will be able to describe more smart then people .
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads. .
So people still be able to void traffic hams. .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think  it might take away their independence .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea  because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact  that they are drivers at the moment .
However  there will always be people who dislike to be a driver anyway. .
And people who hate public transport  there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world  and , finally  who will decide .
How many language do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language? .
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today, it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before. .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today. .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable. .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the international level  if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some valued on your profile and you can pay a higher salary .
Bird , through learning a foreign language , you do not only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture  get to know a different culture and society different than yours  s , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years  there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
Form newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severelky .
Many scientists infer that people' s lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greddy .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life  but forget to protect and clean the Earth at the same time. .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings. .
Varjous factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air. .
All the exampoes above will enhance the temperature and make the water hotter and hotter. .
The higher temperature enhances  the worst the diving quality is .
If people around the world could not put more emphasis on our licensing places , we must have a dark and hipeless future. .
Due to the climate change  the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supply  people' s body will become weak and rough .
In this living situation  instead of laughter and happiness  there will be lore, fight , hatred and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair  but can not find the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences  are caused by the human's ' unskilled heart' .
Feiends  from now  let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth .
It was dangerous  but I knew I had to do it. .
The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceived  that the tubes were broken  heads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is the key to survive. .
It is just something that I has to do  not you , not he  me .
I did not choose that , this jib has chosen me .
Drar Sir or Madame .
I would like to apply for the position of each safeguard assistance which I have advertised. .
For the last two years, I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many comletitions in the country and abroad. .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post  considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand, I completed the first bid course  in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more, it would provide me new knowledge. .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Your faithfully.  .
Sebastián Hernndze.
In our modern world  many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this  people are working in very stressful workplaces, and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Therefore  it can be said that holidays are the best option to deepen the soup and revive the spirit for people .
In holidays  people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect  many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forge about bad situations on their lives .
For example  walking in the seaife or swimming in this sex can be helpful to budget had life conditions .
On the one hand  holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experiences about lives .
People can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful. .
For instance  in stressful life conditions, people can make bad decisions of their future .
Besides  people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must replicate theseasms in order to gain more money to maintain their lives, and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are betting closer and the remember their reelings .
For example  people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
At the same time  people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits andouls .
They can pray for God and it gives a relief for people. .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects, they can become more happy  because people need to leave the material world .
In holidays  people have time to review their miatakes that leads to stressful life .
In conclusion  holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stress from life conditions .
Also, holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul, because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material objects. .
Cycling to school  to work or to do any other activity, it is not a common habit in Spain .
However  the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia  are trying their best to promote his movement because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand  there are many benefits of cycling .
Firstly  it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore  it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand  there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statistically, cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car. .
Another disadvantage is the weather. .
Getting set when it rains  having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
In my point of view  Cydling contributes to improve community spirit, and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity. .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport. .
For example  people taking care car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays  due to less frequent schedule .
Also  we can drive a car to a place where the public transport perhaos is not able to reach .
When the box is crowded  we have to stand  making us more exhausting, especially for a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above  advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First  public transport is good for the environment compared to private ca .
As we apply kbow , the more public transport passengers use , the less var exhausts are emitted per person .
Recently  several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words  public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
Second , public transport leaves city space .
As more and more people choose to live in cities  nowadays, other cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly  the space of each person becomes more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport of every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parming place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Last but not the least  public transport allows people to do other things, which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings  resulting in a reverse spiral .
For a passenger  however  fravelling is a complete relax .
People can listen to music , taker a phone call with a friend  read a rascinating booo or just loot at outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation. .
E.g. p. 4. It offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles. .
Therefore  it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit on .
Languages for this future.
Should learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome. .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages. .
On the one hand, it could allow you to communicate with people  know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Apso in recent years to express yourself of in English  French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a mob .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course. .
Also, I consider that it tends to be hard and tales time away from doing any other things. .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future, but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning. .
A francisoc vavoer nº3 óbidoa  25 - 27 - 2014.
Dear Usza Summer Camps .
I am writing in response to your adhesion for a nob .
I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I rake care of my 11 years old brother dry often. .
I worked in an Easter camp too, and I have already prepared a lot of activities  like a rappel camp , paintball .
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job. .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above addresses. .
I hope you consider me for the ob , rtodrigo.
Todau  I went to my Winnie 's home with Drana in the afternoon. .
We are deliious, fun and play interesting games altogether. .
We had a great tile. .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon  we arrived at Winie 's home .
First  we listened to some songs , such as Almoist and big big world .
After thirty minutes  we had them .
Winnie loved eating very much, so I can easily find much food at her home .
We had mouth-watering strawberry cakes andicy apple juice for tr, and they were extremely yunmy .
After having ta , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adrian and I had heard a speech and Winnie looked for us. .
Suddenly  Wainie fell over a little stone .
Adrina and I immediately came to her and held her up.  .
Your knee is bleeding. .
Are you okay?’ I asked. .
I was shaking, like a leaf, and my heart is pounding, since I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.' x  I am fine  ' Winnid replied .
I felt relieved then. .
Then  Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily. .
I felt glad today, although Winjie hurt himself. .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged. .
What an unfoggetable day !
In my opinion, the house in the future will be better. .
Houwe of the future will be big and bright .
Inside will be fulk of conveniences .
Big spaces still be divided in a few zones .
Relaxation 's  Learning 's , kitgen 's zone, and so on. .
In house of the future, there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in very houses. .
Television will be cordless  as this day as at present, Internet .
Every house will be flexibles. .
Thanks to that, it can expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people. .
Swimming is my favourite sport. .
Why do I like swimming? .
Well  swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer' s efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a spot that requires a loss of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at an age, but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age. .
Swimming has different types, like dolphin , frawl , backstroke, and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight , it is also the vest sport for thrash patients because it strengthens the test muscles and reduces the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections. .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age 18.
Hedllo Pauhl, 2006.
I enjoyed helping at the concert, which was in Antwerp on October 14, 2020.
I had a great time with people who are working as a helper from the concert. .
I got a lot of experience from them. .
In the concert, time will pepper and enjoy, but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time. .
For example, they know everything about each helper' s job, but on the same time they just concede own subject. .
I want explain to you some interesting pain from my experience. .
In the concert morning, we excited and thinking about the concert, and we decided do not think about the Concert, just do your job, which would be given .
When we were ranging concert plan, we made work sharing for all of us. .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs, volume, and lights .
My job was checking songs list, which singers would perform. .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because ofingers. .
They were always wanted to change some songs which wax on the list .
On the concert time, I was really worried that something would appear suddenly. .
Actually, everybody can be worried because they have time and effort for it. .
Finally, concert started, and all the lights were shining like stars. .
It is difficult to explain that feeling. .
When the concert finished, I felt like a kid who's flying freely. .
Of course, I had some pain in my legs because at the time I was standing. .
However  I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert, which will be next month if you have any times, please come and see how we are preparing for the concert. .
I am waiting for you, emai .
We see you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways, and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regardung advertisement  Technology is having a huge  and on always possible impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - who adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor dads placed in every available nad imaginable spit .
From buildings with enormous and brighr screens to interactive bua stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future  if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home  in my way to work the odds on this buises, I will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorco  or an dad from Tripadvisor with Malorca, in it .
It will suit me sometimes  and it even will be useful  but I am also sure sometimes I will find it agreeable .
The way it feels, aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pixtures displayed date. .
It might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or shopwed at the wrong time they lose the artistic side .
But  technology is here for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life  I would like to change my house .
I would like to have a bug detached house in suburbs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .
So that I would live more freely and independently. .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in modern style. .
I would build their fitness gym , wardrobe -room  swimming pool .
If I had such house , I would like to eat a barbecu zrea in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives. .
Together we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere. .
When it comes to my favorite sport  tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it is interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it  which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off  I always play a temnis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first. .
As the profer says, 'If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tool first to work on it. .
Next  you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Since this requires lots of basic skulls  if you do not learn these important technical slowly and steadily  you may get hurt during the practice. .
Finally  finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skilled chess fan teaches you the best skills of tennis. .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day? .
That was only 30 years ago. .
An explosion of chanels arrived to our houses in the eighties. .
In this report, we will see some characteristics of today' s television .
Hundreds of channels are gradually reducing.
In our country of decade ago, when digital TV arrived  a lot of new channels flourished .
All tv tried to get several licences to distribute their shows. .
In order to resolve dome deficits, budgets  today, there are mainly two TV groups .
Less channels means less devices. .
Internet TV is increasing.
It does less money, and you can choose exactly the moment  where an with who watching this or that telebison program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone. .
You must click on it .
They have to reduce their budget.
Despite of changing channels, we see the same mews .
Bg Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to meet journalists and cajera all around the world. .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summafy.
TV is ding .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Today's only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match. .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However, the fact is that there is a country on them. .
Dea, Mrs Hopkins, 2006.
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest.
To join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-tear - ole student from Switzerland, speaming German , Frech and English, and I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now  I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the sound .
I am interested in to join your group  because I like meeting new people from other countries, and I would like to explore new countries around the world. .
For ten years I have been in a scoury group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness. .
Furthermore, I feel suitable to join your group because I live travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure. .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
ear Stevie .
It was good to hear frol yo .
Basically, my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean  not only the English language, but also to know more about young culture and visit nice places of your country as well. .
As I told you before, I can't afford to play this grip alone  so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bulls. .
Dan to give me a hand on it. .
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Ambridge University where I will study English for 5 months. .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you. .
Bes wishes.
Joaquin Magos.
Hi, Jlhn .
I am looking forward to seeing you. .
First of all  you should get your side of the airport terminal .
There too will see bus stations in the street. .
When you get there, take the bus, which had number 111.
The ride to the bus stop at Zličín, N.Y.
Then you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way  I'll call you in the morning to tell you where all we meet exactly .
But if I were you, I would rake a taxi for the underground is auite voring , buy it is chealer .
Anyway  you need to get to the centre  I'll wait for you there .
Finally  the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
That’s why you do not have to take warm clothes. .
I am delighted to see you soon. .
Best wishes .
Jwob
In my opinion, we should go to the restaurant because all people need a comforting moment for doing work better than before. .
Firstly  we can discuss type of food we want to sat .
Actually  students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do not have times to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somewhere when they do food - mads, foos , and a good idea is for mains course, for naked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand  we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant  I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows  with a white chair , table and wall  more or less a relaxing environment, but the atmosphere is very important for dinmer and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose. .
In conclusion  I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us  because, basically, we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this form of environment, we can speak about us  our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I would like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too. .
You can it, the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how do they manage and look them. .
These burgers are my favorite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste them. .
It is a flavor similar to stay in the heaven or in the parise .
I recommended you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very bood flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your faces. .
You still want to come another time. .
However  if you do not like burgers, you can watch whatever you want of American food, and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day life. .
More than a million people, these budgets  taxi, 's and trains etc. as tourists , or work , meeting relatives , going to school, etc. .
Mahy even uses cars .
Though tracelling by car is more convenient, but it is expensive. .
That is what, because the cost of petrol  diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following ways, why?
1.  People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2
As they have specific routes across the country  town , city and villages  it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city, etc. .
I disagree with the statement state above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society  the rich and the poor .
Middell class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day. .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So  I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars. .
Today's people have different views about reading books and watching movies. .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than them film versions. .
I agree with this point of view. .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly  reading helps to become a well educated person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
That is why while you are reading you are getting a pieces of information. .
Furthermore  books develop imagination of reader .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening, appears in your mind .
You can imagine how yeroes look like  gou can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
An finally  I think it is very important that you can easily take your booi with you and start reading anytime you want. .
On the other hand  if you like being in company, the best way for you is movies .
Because you can catch it with your friends. .
Also many people chose movies because they like soundtracks and special effect. .
It is so exciting. .
But all these factors are not important for me. .
I suppose that books are better than them film version. .
To sum up  I'd like to say reaxing is really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day. .
She was with her mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So  they were coming home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had brown hair and she was wearing a blue dress  white gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum, I love this dol!ould you be it for me ? '' she said. .
Her mum could not come to her  so she bought it .
Oh! The girl had so many special moments with her makeup looked so adorbable to get her! They were like twins. .
After some years, the girl decided that she has to move. .
She was eighteen years old  she had to be independent. .
So sne too a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories. .
At night, she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there, and there was the droop with a knife in her hand, '''''' '''' '' '''' '''''''''''' 'We do not play with me anymore?' 'Are you boring of me?' 'Just because I have only one eye, but you remembered me the other ones. .
Just because I do not have one if my glives? But you did it again!''she screamed. .
And then ...
Next dau , looking at her home, her mum wanted to find her daughter. .
So  she weren't upstaird .
The girl had a knife in her knee and on the wall there was a sentence ''Shy did you leave me that way ? '' .
Tennis is an individual sport. .
Just you have to deal with the game. .
You fan choose lots of places to play. .
You need a good pair of snoes  a tennis racket and some balls, or person who play with .
Although you should be good at laying backhand or forehand , yiu cam oose finakly .
This spot is not must about a physical lower .
You supposed to use your brai as well. .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
As the other sporta , tennis is getting more modern  faster and commercial .
I mean professional tennis. .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory. .
Some of them practise tennis because of their parents. .
It is not fair enough. .
Children should play game , nor juts tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skulls , helps to physical health and so on. .
You can start if you are grown up anyway. .
It is never too late. .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends. .
Enjoy !
Dwar Mes Kate Ashny, 20.
My names is Andrea Cokcci , I am sixtden , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your face  and I am interested to work with you .
I  am the perfect choice for this work  in fact  I am interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian  and for us food is everything .
In Italy  I attend school for wine and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasata , pizza and many of her specialties of my country  and I was assumed in any famous restaurant .
I'm also good at dealing with people  in fact, since when I was younger  I have done the animation at the summer damp of Pignano , the county where I liced  and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people  also if I do not know them .
At the end  I am also prepared to work long hours  when I worked with my aunt in his case  I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m.,  it was difficult, but I said it all days .
I look forward to hearing from you soon. .
Andrea Focci.
Eesay
In today' s essay, I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad. .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English? .
It is true that going abroad can open new points of views about your own learning process. .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Besides  it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However  you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focused on your learning tasks. .
From my point of view, I think the advantages overcome the disadvantage, especially if you have some money saved for it. .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need. .
Ypu can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online, such as Sjipe and others .
Fasketball  a passion.
When I was little, I had tried a log of sport , Handball , Swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is both one of these , it is a sport that I have never imagined to football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was of men  not for girls  but once I tried it  I loved it .
Have you ever think about playing football ?
At first  when I started to play football, I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable  however  some years ago  they started to integrate me when they play  and nowadays  I live playing football with them .
Noe  some women, and I started to organize female matches  so I am more user to play with girls . I never imagine that I am going to be so keen on football again. But now, it's set to be one of my week's best-selling songs.
I think football is a very exciting sport  and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life. .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to receive some updates. .
I recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center. .
I have been here twice  and I like it .
It name is not the English noun ' , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
This service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle. .
The unterior is bit 1, so all the glass could stay inside without problems. .
The decoration is modern and cozy  and it’s got some great traditional British objects. .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh. .
They've got a lot of different dishes  traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads  pasta and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too. .
They have hot origina, onee , kike, sweet pizxa , and traditional .
There is a big variety of ice creals. .
This restaurant is not to expensive , which is effect for us  because we do not want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center  so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course  so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
During whole life  family people  such as politicians and film stars  medi are accompanying them .
In my view  public persons deserve to have their own life  without photographing .
In one hand  becoming a public person associate with journalist  masks - media  flashes .
Folous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way. .
However  they still being ordinary people  they made mistakes .
People are thought being jealous. .
Note an kind of failures. .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and that have effective influence on society, which assess celebrity through the prism of journalistic documentary .
In the other hand, many of stars held their pricacy to earn more and more money. .
The value of their taleht  abilities are counted in a number of tabloids scandals .
Summing up  all over the world  are living famous people who do not bring into the limelight their life .
It had never been very useful for a long time to go  nevertheless nowadays  there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed  and society would save a lot of money .
However, , people should think about the large advantages , such as 'to people save money' , it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly  the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cara need to be repaured, but besides  if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition  these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly  another reasson is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport. .
Finally  the past season is the comfort because you have a car, it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides, in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as in the old city and the city centre .
Summing up  people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view  I get used to walking around my city and my cat is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a ever changing world. .
Today's news, things become things of past in few months. .
Take an example of mobile technology  your latest handset , with latest configurations become outdated within few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people's lives will definitely change in such a long period. .
However  the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Last 50 years, science and technology took great leaps  Internet  mobiles made us more connected .
Today  we have all the information at finged - tips .
Today  we do not need to worry about getting lost at new place  Google maps are always there to help .
We need not to call English words today , as we can quickly fine meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting Jewish people or selling your products , you do not need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more commendable than past  thanks to progress Mabkind has made in technology .
On the other hand, a number of terrorism  global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warning causing natural disasters now and then. .
Terroristic activities causing violence in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power, making it difficult to trust people leaders. .
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years  imagination better lives for people in 50 years here is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be good for us  in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today. .
To show my concern  .
I am an Italian girl who is trying to improve her English . I have got a positive and energetic personality. .
I read your advertisement on your website, and I immediately thought, 'That's for me , I am the eight person for this kind of job job!' .
Perhaps  you are wondering which I should be the right person .
That’s soon, said .
I am motivates a flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well. .
I have worked as social trainer and as educator since I was 16.
I love doing social activities and planning events. .
When I worked as educator  I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities. .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again. .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested  I attach it in this mail .
Best regards .
Personally  mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are. .
The same about my parents, but they are old, and sometimes they call me of talk about their death. .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that the thought it's help children 's brain to develop , but it is important controler them because there were a lot violent games .
However, there are brilliant games for children. .
In my opinion  the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work, not research or google information, and also connect with other teachers  speak about courses and change information .
Finally  I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
Driends should be like a shadow, always be wide you. .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life, but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
The more people you will meet, the more awry it will become for you to find a friend. .
When you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas, and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say, but they should share their views about it. .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news. .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business and money , sports , culture , education , life and style , Travels , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jogs and donations to help individuals. .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As result  it is suitable for students who learn English language to improve their English .
On the other hand  I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example  it is not suitable for children dues to official language  there were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall  The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays  in the modern and progressive world, where people are small and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead books.
In my opinion  the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes, then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper, I notice that dogs become very useful for our life. . It seems to me good opportunities to make our lives more easy. .
Also, it makes us more clever. .
I am convinced that using table computers in our everyday life is rather good. .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a big .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers.
Some people think that it is a bed idea. .
They believe that it is iseless thing for our generation. .
Such people were sure that electronic things make us stupid. .
They insist on not using tablets at school. .
Personally for me  I like books very much  when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tables are useless. .
We should use it, but we are not nor forget about books. .
In conclusion  I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier.
The Big Mistake.
This may be full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant. .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well  but ...
At the moment when he told him that he is pregnant  he just fanned .
It was too much for him. .
He thought it is easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what is going on with him. .
It was weird how many questions and doubts fame up on his head. .
One part of him was really happy  because to be a father is his one of the biggest dramas  buy on the other hand, he could not handle this news. .
This woman , who stands next to him  is his girlfriend  his future wife .
He should be happy and hang her and celebrate this good news. .
But somehow he did not feel anything. .
All that he felt was anxiety. .
He could not handle the feeling  when she tried to touch him  to kiss and hug him .
He knew that he loves him as much as he loves jer , but everything was just too wrong on this moment. .
Her voice , her smile, and even her body was to rong on this moment .
We could not understand what 's going on' , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family, and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now  he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess. .
He was more than happy and he could not handle this mews. .
They not knew that they love each other and they care about each other  but it was too much of him .
He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone. .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. .
To the beginning, I am going to take about what is my lovely sprts and why I will enjoy the story. .
In fact  I do not like to do some splinters during the anytime  but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to, I'm in the swimming pool .
Firstly, , I think , swimming pool is flaring .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bath room to take shower .
Secondly  I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do, not like big sun and sans .
Third  swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However  I like to stay in this swimming pool during the summer .
Actually  I do not know how to swim, but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover  I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises, that is because we need to relax out bodies first  if we do not do it, that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion  my opinion is I do not like to do any sports, but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it  as we could not stay at home or working all the time. .
Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to school .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life. .
In the first place  we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pastyre area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hare weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer 2020.
As a result  our water resources are difficult to be preserved, and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people' s awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town, where citizens can speed their free times or even do sports. .
That is the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas. .
Finally  the gown has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
In fact  around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish, taking it out to the gale  green and blue containers in every street .
And that is the negative point , these pollutants are too visible in towns, and it would be advisable to change the names we have for underground ones. .
I worked up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes  and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point, but anyway this is not important information. .
I searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home  just me .
I get a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets. .
I did not know that a bullet hit on the city and killed almost everyone  now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did not know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it is not that beautiful so you can not distinguish where does the explosion hit? .
Finally, in sole days, I found some neighbors with some food , I was starting to deatu so I ate a lot .
We are some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict  because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow. .
I think that someone drays some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping. .
So everybody is gonna try to enforce the laws. .
In the next morning, I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creafures that were walking around to kill and eat us. .
In the night, I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises. .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy has a hump. .
I stomp him and when he turned around, it was a woman from the group. .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near it was adorable must when he converted into a big wild creature. .
He big my leg and it built a foot . We tried to make it up the stairs but it was too late  it was the kiss of death for us. .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In some ways, that she robbed the foos in the night, and I sake up it was good for my survival. .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of bow, am I going, I would not do it because I have to face all of this. .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH.
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico  does not practice any type of exercise  this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more used in the world? .
Doing exercise it is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you exercise you feel you feel well when you are sick, and you are busy. .
There is a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise like reducing or take control of your re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you are nervous , and also you can lake a lot, friends while going by exercise .
One day, there’s a lot of different types of exercising  you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfire or something like that. .
Soccer, it is a great spot where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it is not easy to control the ball and dribble to your rival on the field. .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every weekend you spend exercising. .
Thanks and start now  you do not regret it .
Is there any future to public transport  or travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many discourse about the public transport will seem to be disappearing  though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly  the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also  unlike public transport such as buses and underground  you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice. .
On the website of the Scottish Government ( publication 'Young people and transport ' ) , a 12 - 14 years old, not explain ' '' - I prefer going in the far , it 's uicker' .
There is not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because it has listened to music as well as to its sound.
Although they had many positive points about private cars , they ate alzo negative knes .
Indeed  cars increases the pollution  you have traffic congestion  and it is very expensive  plus - on my wage  even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car  insurance , tax , etc. .
Obviously, it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh  but I do not work in Edinburgh .
» says a 17-18 - 22 years old, y'all, oy. .
Now  secondly , , travelling by public transport is chaeper ( we do not pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer .
According to the Saigon Times  there are a lit of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk  it would not have as much accidents .
Tinally  many developed countries on the world , such as England , America, , Canada, , Japan and so on  have built a public transport system  so the traffic as have been decreased .
As a result  this economy has been increasingly .
From this analysis  it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic Types.
Do you agree or disagree? Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship.  .
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion. .
Even though being hurtful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting other ' feelings' and is unwise .
Another reason for not gelling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employee. .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment. .
To further illustrate the first point above  could hurt one' s feelings by telling the truth at all times .
For example  if some wokan yu are painted wearing inappropriate clothes, most fitting in the occasion .
People usually end not teaching her the truth, since it could make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on head .
In that case  they could still make conversions without buying her mpod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters  people usually intend to keep it private, since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk on itself too much to people at work or even people that one just got scquainted .
If there are questions about things, one do not want other people to know , that might say a little white lid, which usually does not matter too much .
If I had having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that I just had some errands to run. .
There are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not. .
Last Friday  Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the class  suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closer the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake. .
Due to this  we're not called to meet the headmaster .
I could not understand why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Mixhael had closed the door. .
The door was not broken into pieces or fell down. .
My curiosity had put me into a big trouble. .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can give me the answer I wanted. .
However  things do not happened lime, what I hoped .
I ended getting expelled from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Muchael and I steal our classroom - Call 's wallet. .
I could not imagined the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out. .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we are the lucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped off our teeth  and waved our hand when we left the school .
Although  one day later, the headmaster found put the truth through CCTC , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know, even if we go back this time  similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset. .
Dead USA summer camps 
My name is Biahca Padobesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I consider I am the right person for this job because  firstly  I speak fluent and clear English, which is very important to communicate .
Akso , I have a good relationship with little kies , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me  moreover, I am very energetic  always aware and ready to work hard .
Furthermore  I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself  as I can invest new and entertaining game for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the first development. .
I am not very good at cooking gut because I never gave tile to dedicate time on that. .
I think that if I work and learn how to do it, I would learn very fast and can dominate it. .
That is a hood quality of mine  I learn things very fast, and I also can get used to being riding .
I am very exited about this job and I hope you reply soon. .
Bianca
Dy number 8, 8.
We were ready to go and find the other  we went outside the shelter, we built and were in war, fear to the shelter's safe zone, and if there is someone that needs supplies, he would find some supplies and ammo to survive. .
We start our journey and going in the forest  there was a lot of wild plants on our way there are various ways that were sick we could not do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to start diminish and some of us were allergic to some plants  I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with. .
I thought that maybe my mom's gene were actually immune to the infection, I could actually be the most revolutionary guy that helped everyone that was in my mom skeptick, and I was really positive about it, bit notwithstanding  I would not actually sacrifice myself. I have to think about why is it to the entire world or just save a group? The decisions taken in my hand, however, were groundbreaking. To help the poor people of Ethiopia directly, without channelling those funds directly to the government.
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to Evergone  the last battle against hunger started, everyone was hungry, and we haven't gotten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker, so we need to find something that was a great nutritional base food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves. .
We got close to the pharmacy, there was no walkers inside, so we went into the pharmacy and closed all the doors, and I got someone to heck us in the night, I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately. .
In my area there are many railway lines and they are often overcrowded. .
But private traffic in this town is the most prevalent , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT  the will known factory .
Welcome to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy, also that you need to live .
When you have to pay this telephone an energy bill , you can do that in any tobacco hops bear to you home .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main estate factors of Europe and above .
Like all the industrialised countries  a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
At the end  the tax are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people  such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private licence  deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind, there should be a big between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people. .
In my opinion, big stars should be able to relax and take some private time. .
As far as I am concerned, three is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to fake pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation. .
Unfortunately  this is a part of celeb 's 2020 work  so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand  there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time. .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal  not famous people .
I know that catching celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who had tabloids .
To my mind  they do not believe celebs are such a normal people, as everyone of us only wish more money in their bank accounts.
So  as you can see, I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable  deserve to have a private life, and the ability of having normal life would be also given to them .
The Maze Ruhner.
I recently watched this new film based on one of the hooks of this worldwide known author. .
As I gave an interest in thrillers  I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery, which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there. .
However  he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious mate .
The people who live in the camp take up different roiles in order to survive and defend themselves from the meaces of the mase .
He took the role of a runner  the people responsible for exploring the mad and look for an estate of this place .
Stiol , they only have the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down, it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it  haven't it exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the mask .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will have no one indifferent. .
I have been playing baseball for 12 years now and hopefully many more  what I love about it is first of all that tall or small  and could play it as long as they are determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone. .
I lose the speed of volleyball  most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there is the intensity  if you haven't seen a tame go until 32-30 30  and seed the energy on the flok and hear the noise from the crowd you're missing out .
Personally, winning such a bet makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do not , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and get better , and serve in more different ways. .
I live in Jew Egypt. .
My area is very small and very green. .
People there are very friendly and helpful. .
It is a good place to live. .
One time over week on Wednesday  robbers who are given .
Of course, garbage is sorted into different bins .
That is very good idea  because that rubbish undergo a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage. .
Ery body care about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the garden. .
Especially spring is a spot of colour and pleaeant odors .
Hew Eltham have beautiful parts where you can relax from the busy place. .
Green ice in my town is really fantastic. .
I have recently eaten at Balck Bar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catajia located under the Etn volcan slopes  and I round that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms  smoking rook or hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic  yet it still felt airy and cosu , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eaten with my friens Moreno and his father  I managed to sample a good range of items on the meju, and I really liked Chianina beef , it was very tasty. .
Also, the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality. .
The price was not reasonable at all  because the meal cane to about forty euros per person  so this restaurant it is a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners. .
Druvs is a topic with a lot of controversy. .
They have been present in our societies since ever. .
Cannabis  heroin  speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known for all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
Margination was a link with the illegality of this activity. .
Also, this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stomulating. .
The real problem comes when thus entertainment became one in an addition that came destroy our lives. .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegality, urging to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needed to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life, because it is very dangerous, as one people are, nor allows to pay deadlines to themselves. .
Finally  legalisation of drugs means that they would be taxable, and we know how the taxes work in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not. .
Hi Shroqo .
That sounds great . I am so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia  I am gonna be able to see you after a long time. .
But unluckily  I am having an exam on Thursday so I can not meet you, but you can take me from the school at 1.30pm then we can go to have lunch. .
My school is really easy to find  go straight ahead onto Aojameah street, then turn right outside the face of KAI university  after getting down from the bridge, you'll find the school on your right .
So exited to see you !
Be for now. .
Nouf, p
Dexter Les, 2006.
Firstly  Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In that time  it is always funny and  depending on the reason  it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid, you can go to visit some museums  like the Rina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand  if you want to see some middlelife , you must visit Bararcenos National Park in Cantabria  what is like a little safari , or Doñana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spaib , I would stay one week in each place  and I read a car in order to molve between the cities .
I recommend you not to tell warm clorhes .
I hope you enjoy your summer. .
Adrián  .
Batt Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV. .
He is the eldest son of the Simpso family. .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child. .
He has yellow skin and grey eyes , he is brown and has spoky hair. .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts. .
The most important thing for Bary is to be the most popular student in his school  for this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punis gim .
Barf is energetic and clever student, but he is also a bad student, and he nates nerds. .
Although he is rather naivety , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him. .
In the Simson family, all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history, and I absolutely agree. .
For me  Vart is funner than Homser , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character.
It was some dreary raihy Sunday morning. .
I was not in the mood to go out anyway. .
Everything suggested that I won't yet out of the house for quite a while. .
Suddenly  there was a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on Earth could that be? .
We would have even both to play me a visit during the bloody, awful weather. .
My concerns were answered swiftly  or the man on my threshold called 'Sons' . Now I have a letter from Mr. Samson .
So I was quite surprised  to be honest  I had not received a letter for months. .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text. .
At first  I had observed the letter cautiously  but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although  I had not met him a single time  this letter was his last will, and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand ponds  to be precise .
Exultationsized my mind instantly  but I soon began to worry about what will I do with this amount of money? .
Well  the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
Actually  this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not both about rubbish things they do every day. .
First of all, they were very dirty by nature. .
They are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness. .
So, calm people of good nature are inactive and talmative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town. .
All the household bearby, the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do not bother about the order of the municipality. .
I see all these during my morning walk. .
What I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides sureounds the .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback, but they are also the same in nature. .
People are now self - funded and very narrow, mimed .
Though they are becoming so called educated, but in real sense they are stillavage .
Deqr Mts. Ashby, 2006.
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I had seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cave. .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it. .
I am a tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay my studies. .
I had worked on years in London as waiter in Nard Rock Cafe and 6 months as worker aldo in Bafcomi 's Caf in Berlin. .
So I have experience in service  customer care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food, like sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc.
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint set up.
I have total availability at weekend and also in summed .
I speak Spanish  English and German .
Plase  find attached a copy of my CV  which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position. .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you. .
Thank you for our time and consideration. .
Yours, ceincerely  .
María Luiza Castaneda del Avuna.
Nowadays  public transport has become a major topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries  but this idea is respected in developing countries  like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact  car ownership has increased over the last decades, reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of washing tile in a long queue .
Nevertheless  you have another said to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars, or maybe they can afford to travel by an other means of transportation than the one provided by the local government. .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the nus fer rather than paying for a full tank. .
Similarly  people in countries with less income gain to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude  the future of public transport will depend on the usage people give it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it  and in others where they will be it as long as their economy needs it. .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general  using a car is easier, then taking a train or a bus .
It is just near your house or your office. .
You do not have to go to a station by walking  carrying weight , or suffering because of the rain or the snoa .
But if you're sleepy  tired  bored  or simply, you do not like to drive  you can find easier to take a public transport .
And also more enjoyable, because you can read listening to the music and looking around  or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level. .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses  sometimes buses are faster  .
Speeds trains are always fast, then cars. .
Speaking about money  travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
Bit , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc. , , , etc . ) , , maybe cases are not so cheap .
In fact  in every aspect, there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the city ?
Public transport is absolutely better. .
So  even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level  public transport has to be preferred by a citizen and strongly supported by governments .
Informational letter for CAE ( Part 1 ).
Dear Jan, 2020.
Thank you for your letter. .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer 2020.
For my experience working at the International Company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you. .
I am not sure  however  that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case  the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July  when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily you will get the chance to practise your English skills. .
In my case  I had to translate a good amount of texts  and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience, you will probably be disappointed. .
All I was asked to do in the rest of this time was to take phone call and make coffee for tourists. .
All in all  the experience was beneficial. .
I made plenty of money  so I would not worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you. .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself. .
Favis.
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael. .
This whole business started to get on his nerves. .
He has to deal with it  the sooner the better .
For now, one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina  no Makika , that is the problem .
He can't dump Angy just like that , they've been friends for years. .
She is not sad. .
And he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody. .
So yes  the decision is made .
He will break up with her .
Probably  even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened  he came out of the bathroom with just a toilet around his wrist, and Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike can't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps  at the times he was pissed at himself for not having balls to test the girl he loved because of all these religious issues  Maluka 's family and so on  but this is what happened. .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do. .
At the moment, he did not realise that. .
Only after 1660, when Angelin's left  Mivhael closed the door and there he knew he had made a nuge mistake .
Dear Sir or Jadam, .
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellir currently advertised on your website .
At the moment, I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year. .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job  which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish, and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scut vamp .
Moreover  I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local pub to help children with their homework. .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised, and I can take control of difficult situations  I am talented when it comes to engertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councillor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard. .
I attach a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview. .
I look forward to nearing from you. .
Ykur's truthfully  .
X
Well  I would like to talk about my school life .
I am seventeen years old and I am an electonics ' student from Italy  in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day, so I have decided to continue my studies at university. .
I am good at school , my marks could prove it, but I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year. .
These days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world  so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries. .
School is my favourite. I study about seven years a day  especially math and electronic  that are the subjects that I like more. .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day. .
The bog people in my class are the majority of my classmates, so they are hopeful at school and they waste time for nothing at school, and I think even at home. .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students. .
However  I do not hate them at all, but they are very funny and kind people when they want. .
Coming back to my dream  I should like to carry on with my studies in London  at the Imperial College .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am looking to try better at this school even if I know that it is very difficult. Thus, the Imperial College of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world. .
Puerquitouf, plus a great expdrience to our mouth. .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do  because the calories  the calories they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school  Vicente .
We discovered our fascination with food, and ' The Puersuitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day started in an important datrext Tavo Day !
Tacontento was the place we choose, and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by old beerts .
Due to Puerquitour is something to care. 3. At the same day, we shared it with Diana, 24, one of my friends, from Vancouver, Canada.
Again we agree taxos , but this time they were special .
The name of the places is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there. .
It means that they have different types of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotl , nolpal , and walnut , among others - and salxas -tamarim , guava , many , guacamole , etc. .
That day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Redorma and a long pause in the Independence Mall, we went to move theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we added crpes .
Third, say, was one of my favourites  the place is sooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s. .
La Papoa Guapa , which is listed in La Condesa  offers bake potatoes with nake of famous women and lovely drinks. .
Totally recommended !
Mra Azuo Rezturant  in the north of Mexico City  was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquur .
Seafood is delicious there  my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Parasor and coconut water .
Fifth day  it was time to eat more tacos  the place  del Astero Hidalgense .
You have to be starving to eat a kolcajete by yourself  it is just too much for one person , so if you find it take breakfast, it is a good option, or you can share it with an amazing company, as I did. .
Do not forget to ask for a pitter of beef .
Almost a week in the Puerquitour .
The sixth say was to celebrate Medda 's final test , a fried from with school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree, and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA  and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Kemelas Oub .
You can't go there and do not eat memelas , that is like huafache, but bigger and very delicious .
The dezsert  .
Free cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vi was almost with a got in the USA  we spent all day together. .
Smith says started with a really nice breakfast  bourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown. .
The plan was to dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed up so we decided to eat at El Huequigo, the traditional Al Pastor special accompanied by black beer .
The last day of the Ouerquitour was accomplished with my favorite dessert  a strawberty cheesecake at Sgarbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love. .
Do not forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! !
These first two chapters extraneted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduces a young boy known as Pip .
This lid has been raised by his sister  a person who mistreats Pip and his own husbands .
Sadly  Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover  he is just a regular lid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Oip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid. .
He does not use complex words when he talks  but he uses them when he narrates .
Also  his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the unesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents. .
Obviously  nobody would like to live his life  but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and  finally  like him .
At least  I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister. .
Nevertheless  the narrator is the truly protagonist, and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with this reader .
Actually  the narrator is our protagonist  but telling the story as an insult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not see any description of the protagonist apart from his name. .
Akso , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions, referring to his own works. .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief, writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he wouldn't get him what broke bits of wood he could  and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this  he just writes exactly what the character said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjectove plint of vee .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have an omniscient power. .
However  his finger could be anything and describing the situations with a touch vocabulsory and in a reflexive way too .
Also  he rescribes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , still  dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and dreative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even mode twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapter  whyen he describes the man who stole him as man, afraid of the dead bidies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy  living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist  with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually  we only know what Mr. J. tries to make her husband and her brother suffer, and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
The narrayor describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation, being aggressive with his little brother .
And we know that Jod is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild  good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them. .
Also  the way the characters talk is opposed to the way their narrator writes .
In fact  the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the chief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually take with short and simple sentences .
Of instance  hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter .
' My sister  Mes. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I  and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up to by hand. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Having at that time to find put into myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me  I supposed that Je Vargery and I were both brought up by hand .
On the other hand  the dialogues are simple and shorter.
' How lookee here , 'n' he said 'n't the question being whether you're to be let to live' . You know.
What a file is ? pic.
Say, Yew , sir  quit.
So, and you know what, wails is ? 's! 'Quote.
Say Yes , is a joke.
Moreover  the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a rich vocabular , meaning a lot of metal cerbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The marsh pointed on the first chapter is good example .
Regardless  the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The third said, 'Who d'ye wigh ?' .
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without feedback .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second chapter makes reference to the first and teveals, something about the the .
Apso , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through this text .
The thief die appears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their meat eating .
Therefore  I do not know how the storey will end .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters. .
All I know is that this story will nor have a happy ending. .
Probably  the thief will take him to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts  at the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall  another tombside in the graveyard .
I would like to lead a story without tape  just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Previously  this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography does not exist when he was a kid. .
Consequently  reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen, or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending  then the central themed could be getting over adversities, but if not  it is a bad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her. .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come. .
It was the say when she was going to meet her biological mother. .
She knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it. .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels lover by them. .
After her 18th birthday  Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her biological mother, and they did not have Ann away. .
After finding the adopting papers, she contacted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of her little sister, who had a risease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match of a kidney transplant. .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sqra Fieldong , her biological mother .
A month passed by before he had the courage to dial that number. .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother' s rejection. .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone. .
At the beginning, Anna did not say anything , she could not hear any sound. .
But then she said, ' hello , my name is Anna, and I think you are my mother.  .
After another few seconds of silence  Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They greed to meet the next ray in the park. .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions. .
Anna will be able to finally lose an important chapter in her life, and that is what she knew that it was going to be a very special day. .
The most exciting day of my life. .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna  in Italy  with my family .
On the first day, I was very angry because my parents did not take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hotel. .
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I know it was impossible and my parents do not want to drive me to his hotel  so I was quite sad. .
Unexpectedly  the thirc say  While I was swimming in the sea , I saw some pepple in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Then  I realised the boy at the centre was not a simple boy  he was Felx !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me, he smelled .
I was really exciting! .
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me. .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions, and winging is dongs .
When he left, I was sad, but also really happy. .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life. .
L'Albero  the Best Pizza West of Italy.
Some of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albrespo Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood. .
As you winter the restaurant, you know, the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the world's best pizsa .
The pace is family friendly  a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu  it is often difficult deciding what to order .
So far, I have never been disappointed. .
To start  you must fry the Rose Wind Salad , it is a fresh  flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of piezoelectric crust .
As a maij dosh , you can't go wrong ordering one of their pozza 's  aol are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious sea , the service is friendly and efficient. .
The star is very helpful, explaining the menu to customers .
Also, the prices were incredibly cheap , it is around 12 euros per person of two different dishes  drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value. .
I promise you who won't be disappointed. .
The best places for young people in Dublim.
This deport looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country. .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College, as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area. .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities, like museum , a cinema , a very large green garden, and many lubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Rox Pub was highly recommended  it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a noise meal in one place .
The Odeon cinema offers a multiple choices of movies in 2D and 3D and a discoun for students on Wednesday. .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students. .
Several people said that National Botanical Garden is the best place for students to keep and spend time outdoors. .
On the whole, there are activities to take part in and many places to visit, depending on students' preferences and finances available to them. .
It is true that people everywhere like wayching spotters .
Sport starts being acquired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds. .
In this way, both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided. .
From one point of view  top athletes ate good models to emilate for several reasons .
Firstly, , watching the success of such athletes  teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means there will want to play sports , which is essential from their health .
Secondly, , doubling reports also teaches precise life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional airports. .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective  sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
Firstly, , sport has become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about joney and fame .
This can lead advocates to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play all and having the fun of the game or the competition. .
Secondly  there are those athletes who have disgustingly .
For example  some take drugs or beat in order to win at any cost .
It goes without saying  that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In confusion  there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good rule models for young people .
On balance  I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent rock model for the youth  as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sport .
Eickens and the Bronte sisters use the name style to realistic style. .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live, like Dickens, the city of London, while the Bronte sisters, the natural landscape of the Yorkshired .
Dicken and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person generator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story. .
Their realism is different, but in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental relails, in which he mides pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style, places with Romantic and Gothic elements  like Victorian male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004. .
Of the given source , the overall fish and meat consumption ranged from nearly 60 grams per person over week to roughly 230 grams per pound per week. .
From the 4th century and 5th century, 3 of them remained a steady decline, with the exception of chicken consumption, which had risen over the 25 year period 2000.
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period 2000, beginning and ending at approximately the level of 52 grams per person per week. .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1978 and 2004  although maintained a decrease overall  with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150,000 frames per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50,000 rams per person, beef in 200,000 and beef consumption fell from around 230,000 grams per year. Last week in Brussels, under the chairmanship and on the initiative of Mr pidla, a two-day forum was held on restructuring.
Chickne consumption was the only spurce of meat consumption which elongated stable, climbing from 150 gram per persin per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week. .
Overall  it is evident from the graph that sole secotors declined  others lost, and one remains steady consumption over the 25 year span .
ear Mr. Mr. Merrifield, please.
My name is Dmitry Lvov .
I am a post on Russian Cancer Research Centre. .
Our paper works, along with Alexis Hervieux, on his study of art. .
Recently he has visited Moscow and whole we have been having conversation. I have mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on post-pollution positions abroad. .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital imaging analysis while working in the field of cell biology, Alexis told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alex and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in tour lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to manage methodical and research skills. .
But to mention the participation in pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in acting cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells. .
Earlier, I had a publication in PLoS on with descriptions of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of active bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells. .
The after I studied accumulation of carious sinin - binding proteins and acting isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells. .
On the course of this investigation, I have obtained some promising results which I am going to report on the CEBS - EMBK conference, which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September 2007.
Also, I am preparing materials for this next publication. .
Yours respectfully. .
Dmitry Lavrov.
P. 172. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attached .
Diyry Lavrov.
P. 172. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place, which is my favourite one  I am referring to Lugk city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much. .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parms, and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo with visiting .
For example  you can walk around the Rkman Wall , which has been decompared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000, because it is the only Roman wall in the world that is complete .
I think that ulgo is very beautiful. .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy sovenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example  octopus .
In Lugk , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Amony, he lost important, I can mention Szn Droilzen and Arde Lucuz .
From 4th to 5th October, Lugi holds its Wan Froilán Fiestas .
San Forilán is a festival of National Touris Interes .
This festival is dedicated to the city' s patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costume and folklore. .
Another important festival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .
It is celebrated in June 2020.
During this festivity  Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again  so you can see Doman rircus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , mahy musical events, talking place and local people, and visitors getting into period costumes  such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .
I recommend you visit Ougo in June because Ard Lucuys is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .
Pugo is an incredible city, and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places  festivities which show and perform precise periods of the History of Spain , such as the Ceptic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , nigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country  producing only large amounts of waste. .
City XCH has no specific waste disposal plan  but a federal law establishes a due fee until 1st July 2020.
Despire it  there are a few plans to increase the greem areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council' s goals. .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council' s eco -friendly proposals. .
In accounts with the aforementioned  the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled  86% of it discards inadequately. .
This is due to the low effecy of the CFP Recycling Workers' Fund program over the disposal problem. .
City X's incinerates hospital revenue  in accordance with legal requirements  and send 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year. .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city  but it needs to expand. .
The city has many projects such as the 'Keep it clean , ' keep it beautiful , , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the 'Let 's make it green, ' , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years  consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communa areas .
A later crucial activity are the 'Greater Communities' , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem. .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish. .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life, according to the HSED report of 2012, and also its in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future. .
Most of the 'Recycling Workers' problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities. .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university  because you can have lots of new experiences. .
For example  you can travel to new places .
Another idea is yoy can work , you can find a job and earn money before yoy sgart unibersity .
Moreover  sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams, so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time  I would like to go to Asia  Thailanf or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel  so you can first work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However  some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do not , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also  especially if you find a job related with what you want to study. .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly. .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies. .
We will be surrounded by machinery and robots. .
We all have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live. .
And what about houses? .
Will people 's home be different' or 'fill the same' .
Imagining the future  I see everything different .
The avant - garde and futurist projects of houses will be the most desirable .
The houses will have , for example  the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Some of then might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art, and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors? .
In our service, there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence. .
They will practically do everything you can  cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice, there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command. .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable. .
That is how I see a home of the future. .
Glax to hear that you have been invited to attend the last round of interview next month! .
I really hope to work with you tomorrow! .
To make sure you get the position successfully  there are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview  leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it. .
First , assessing as properly as possible .
Budiness like suots and toes fit in well with the formal occasion. .
Equitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Second  being natural .
Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule every day, so they are not willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who is late somehow. .
Third  being prepared .
As the old saying goes  well prepared is half done .
You are expected to know something about our company  ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interusers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview. .
Since you have applied for the sales assistant in the sales department  the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long. .
Pillus  he is willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges, so he transferred to the sales department two years ago. .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitate the reform and development in the department. .
In his eyes  what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences  so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you feel about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you. .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Loved .
Irks
Dear Si or Madam.
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA. .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful  energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally  as a teenager  I supervised a pool of cub park of eight to twelve - year - olds  and often organised sports and wedding activities for them  such as teeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover  when an undergraduate  I spent my summers working in the college kitchen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points  I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully.
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance. .
Yet  oftentimes  being overly respectful  may play against him, and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with  some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone' s back and taking ownership for other people' s mistake. .
If I had my own language school, I would first bear in mind a main goal by raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide. .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market  that is to say  social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so  I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance, but also to identify customers' .
After that  I would make a list of target markets and devise some strategies to attract them .
For instance  if my goal was to increase young people' s awareness  some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language, school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Instead  if my goal was to increase adult' s awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses would prove successful .
However  if the target markets were both  young people and adults  offering discounts of family groups could be a better choice .
The lay stew would be to recruit a staff of professional  experienced and qualified teachers, and to seek an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide. .
Last but not least  I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded. .
Xand yku ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses, for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it. .
According to recent research  there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs  natural gas pipelines and underground as storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live, in other regions, were sure an infrastructure does not exist. .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equaks new jobs, what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry, for instance in exploitation  mining , production and distribution of shake gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vaccine mobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad  there will be upgroath in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to at least sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitalitu sectors as well. .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which showed that Poland had benefit from extracfing and developing the infrastructure of shalr as.
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually. .
When planning their vacation, a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Cholsing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices. .
There are some travel designations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches  crystal clear waters and the friendly kocals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano, which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous .
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens. .
Believe it or not  Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon  the Acropolis Muserum and the district of Mohastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens. .
Last week, nit leat leat , Crerete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece  people can visit the water sports parks here , which are extremely fun. .
Summit up  Freece is a beautiful country worth visiting  although closing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it is better to prepare for a long time before the team or few days are going to be enough. .
In my personal experience  I believe that it is much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It is quite important to be organized to set the highest score you can get in your exam. .
For example  one year ago  I had my final surgery day .
I have set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the extra plus, reviewing them twice. .
The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months. .
For the hard worm and perft discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgdry titles. .
If I had not had such an organized plan , I would never have put such a perfect score. .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the game night. .
It is quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when teams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethira of studies you haven't finished and are included in your dream .
For example  I once had a chemistry exam in high school, and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies, think that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam  I realized that I ran out of time. .
I had insomnia the bright of my dream , it was not enough that I was not well prepared, but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously. .
Ever since I do everything in my due time in order both to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover  if I am at fetting high scores , I assume that memorizing the details is important .
If you do not start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts long behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do not get the chance to revise everything before your exam. .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy wamque, I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details. .
In the exam  I had that question where it required describing a concept quite amazingly  I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced a long and memorized that concept before many times  I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much effort. .
So , for us, having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a pot in your wam .
In sum  I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to be prepared . If you want to bet high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying them at the same time. .
Do not you think you are worth getting the highest score one would aim at 100?
In my opinion  nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly  nuclear energy is not and for the environment .
The Carvon dioxide emissions is very small. .
This biggest threat is the explosion .
However  the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly  nuclear power plants are already very popular, and this type of energy is the closest to renewable fossil fuels .
Energy, which we get from sun and wind, is still far only a few percent of world energy production. .
Thirdly  only the construction of a unclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides  we need something that can work all the time .
It can not stop making energy when the weather is bad  because people need a log of electricity .
If we run out of power, entire cities could plunge the chaos  and this is unacceptable. .
Lia is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean. .
Luma was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535, as ' Ciudad de pos Reyes ' .
Loma was a multicultural tradition  when, in it, coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians, which are the second largest group in the minority in Limw, includes Aymara and Quechua, and faro - Peruians .
Luma is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences, such as the state of Peru - Hispanic legach with architectural monuments  called Buacas ' .
The Historic Centre of Limw was declared World Heritage Site in 1988. .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconied , churches like San Francisco Church, which has mysterious subterranean catcombs, or el Real Felipe, which is the latest incredible Spanish fortress, through their costumes as well as Carnival . This day you can enjoy this popular  and colorful festival, because you can wear water, wear a mask (on your face) and maintain social distance. Their typical dance style was La Mariner. Above all, they must determine how this kind of programme would be financed.
Lija is a beautiful city of contrast  where you can find a diversity of historical  modern and business places .
Archaeological sites  beaxhes , valleys , atural deserves and theisite cuisine give Peri 's capital an authentic personality, and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience. .
Definirely  Lija is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane .
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I have done some research to find out the best savings account for you. .
Follow you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phine Hank might give quite a good offer for you. .
Firstly  the rate of interest is by 3.5% , which is quite good .
Additionally  if you open a diving account in that bank , you will feed a diary as a gift .
And you do not need to lay any annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately  the bank does not have branches in Britain .
And all banking operations must be done by phone. .
The escond bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650,000 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit car (about 12 per year ). .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder  a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ). .
All in all  I would recommend you to open your first service account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher, and you do not need to pay any annual charges .
And doing operations by phone are actually very easy, and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Fake care and see you very soon. .
Yours Agineszka.
To date, GML6, www.yagoo.com.
From Fort Vancouver, atyshoo.com.
Subject ? An important thing to do! .
My dear Palu .
I am writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert. .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service. .
I could not believe my prayers when the phone rang and I answered, and they said they wanted me to meet at this concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording. .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do those for such a great  important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service. .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience, ! ! !
Yours  .
Ionut.
I have been signed for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it. .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasal compared to what skirrs use these days. .
Every day as soon as I woke up, I looked forward to my morning on the slopes. .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own. .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero  and you would freeze if you did not keep moving up and down the slope. .
My mother whowed a natural talent for the sport  but I feel quite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little I improved my skiing skills, and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself. .
Nowadays, I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in aonderful natural environment. .
Skking is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment. .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I have selected above are not accidental. .
I am extremely interested in giving experience in the business field. .
The subjects I have pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concept and has given me a solid academic foundation. .
I have also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school. .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor' s degree. .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students  lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the conferences I have selected above.
Academically  I have always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities. .
I was the president of the Business Students' Association ( BhSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ), and captain of the soccer school team. .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role. .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting  as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high schools. .
Later I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship  I decided to make some research on Czech Republic before taking any step in applying it.
I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in 2010.
Czech universities provides high standards of education  internationally recognized regrees , modern campuses with outstanding capabilities  safe and affordable education, warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe. .
Above all  the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance. .
Also  edication in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently  and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe .
Right now  I am greatly looking forward to the challenge of a university life, academically  socially  and mentally  and I believe that my ambition to learn news business concepts coupled with my passing for extra - curricular activities and community service  would make me a competent addition to the body of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team. .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university  as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion  I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
A boy is man' s best friend.
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people. .
However  they are not always satisfied or taken into true society .
They were solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with. .
The best example is an animal with great qualities  a dog .
Doh 's personality is one of their best qualities. .
Always friendly  bubbly and in a good mood  they are great to spend time with. .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to the .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter. .
Dodg 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face. .
And that is what they are there for  to make people happy .
These haity four-legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch our human family. .
So if they sense that their own might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it. .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner  the stronger this dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dog are really not that hard to take care of  bathing and grilling do not need to be done every day , they just need to get fed and walked regularly .
These posts added a few talks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and ended some physical activity. .
So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life. .
In conclusion  dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on this inside. .
So if someone really loves their pey , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them  because  they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It is great to hear from you again  I will give you some details about my experience at Zos Lake Adventure Park , one of the most well-known centres in our country. .
First of all  we started with a training assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted  I found it extremely entertaining. .
Ludkily  I was not enough to finish the exercise without having any problem  however  you may need to strain a little, but more before embarking on this activity .
Rofk climbing was another of the challenges I had to face. .
Despite this fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You can't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain  after such a big effort!
Furthermore  you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly  due to the constant support of your teachers. .
One of the latest activities offered by this centre was Divong .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to five it up  so if you do not want to miss out this great opportunity to frust your trainers  since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there, and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons  this centre is really worth a visit.
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else. .
With best wishes, please.
Sarta .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room. .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right  it was from Paris .
My mother had written me after months. .
Since she left to Paris last year, I had been living in the school's residence , which was not cheerful at all  what made me feel really depressed. .
But I had her letter at last  so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays, I has to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot. .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had not forgotten me. .
I had never travelled to Europe yet, so I was really nervous too  but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love. .
Dear Survy Madaj, .
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor.
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chineseitor listed at jobsDB on 26th January 2020, 2015.
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. .
I am deficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years' experience in publication industry. .
Currently, I am working in a press as an editor. .
I am an aggressive  creative but carefup person who can work independently .
On the other hand  I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues  presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Atached, please find my resume and portfolio for your reference. .
Please feel free to contact me by phone at 123454545 or if you would like to discuss my qualifications further. .
I look forward to hearing from you soon. .
Your unfaithfully. .
Xhen Ki Tsoh.
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the local market. .
Aware parents, disappointed with educational system and institutionalized education, try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education. .
Although homeschooling mah seem , according to some of these parents' ' opinions , on a paved roadway , it.
Is a path not suitable for everybody' s cars and that compel us to seek other routes? .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon, since only a few countries, namely the UK .
Canada  and especially the USA  can boast .
There are lots of countries that do not.
Accept homeschooling as a legal alternative, so far and others where it is just an isolated happening. .
The situation in Scotland can be assessed as a 'legal vacuum' in light of our constitutional right to free.
Education, meanwhile, attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education. .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning. .
Homeless schooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Homeschooled students' success has been backed up by the results on standardzie test and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now though  before homeschooling your kids, you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks  .
The lack of facilities or expertise  not enough socialization for youth children  ending up bring a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned, I want to think about homechooling as a wake up call for educational.
Systems .
However  homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted  new technologies open up as of this.
Soloperation and blindened learning is the future. .
Geographic and natural environment around the building space  as well as the neighbourhood  would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously  the future also indicates a home with proper technology and very energetic, efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms  such as earthquake  hurricanes and floods  people should have their houses built of resistant materials. .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter. .
Environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board. .
Biilt with recyclable or recycled materials  the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days  not to mention skylightts and solar panels on the roofs  which is more and more popular even these days. .
Moreover  solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urbhan housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Maybe it is building castles in the air  but houzeboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that could otherwise be heated .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their many houses ( and barging about it to beighbours ) , they will still need a arm, a dish, bed, and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change  even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it.
The alpha and the omega of a good team is thrust .
That is the most important point if you want to play handball. .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it. .
Otherwise, the opponent will have the chance to get a point. .
Are you a real team player? .
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in those world. .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes  if not even more. .
This shows how rapidly the game can change. .
The lost ball can make your team the loser of the game. .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old. .
At first  it was only a hobgy, but with the years it became passing .
What I love most about this sport is  the speed and the unconditional tenacity .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good tram and do not forget the fun !
Triathlon is a famous sport throughout the world.
It seems as if  recently  society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a short .
Clearly  this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day  and as a way of relaxing  we find doing a soort as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
In fact  we can see many people jogging and cycling their cars, whether it is in the morning before going to work or even acter .
Despite these two being the most popular spots amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable. .
Some of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport. .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling, and jogging, and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center. .
It also means I can propose the innovation that most places me can therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it. .
Triathlon has become lore popular over the past few years, and more and more people are eager to try it. .
Therefore  it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself too far. .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study. .
However, there are some questions whether it should be everyone or most. .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a long year to earn money to help with the bills it is time we spend. .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off. .
Most of the people think that this gear is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties  but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand  many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way. .
For example  things might go not as they had expected for multiple reasons, such as not having enough money or not getting a mob .
In conclusion  peoples should take a year off , but only when they have all fallen and know food short that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello  my name is Lidix , I am 27 years old, and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage City of Caceres , which is located in Pain .
In my third year  I did my internship as a redeployist in a four stars box during 2 months and a half in Bafajoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and give understanding of front desk operations. .
My previous experienced working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company. .
I am flexible , a good German player , and capable to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently, and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italiah as well. .
Falking about my interests  travelling is one of the most activities I enjoy  in order to discover new place and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages. .
You may contact me through Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or just call me on 659 1233 or 343056.
Thanks so much for taking the tile to listen !
Art Farmer Gjles of HxM.M.S.P.M., is a fantasy story written by J.R.R., Jr.  Tolkin .
Set in English in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Hgam, who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chytosophylax forms and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him  not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story  Tiles becomes an independent king .
I liked a pot this story firtsly because I love fantaxy stories , especially Tplkien 's lines, plus they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
Secondly, it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional levies, so the hero is an ordinary person , knights' feveal, forgetful, and incompetent, and clashes are too with word instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Deaf Sr. or Madam  .
I am writing this letter to apply from the position in UZA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper. .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University insychology and received high degrees in both my teaching and supervising courses. .
In addition, we had to have the year of volunteering in our supervision environment in preparation for our finished assignment  so I am able to be a member of your well skille staff .
Since I was 13 years old  I have helped my parents with upbringing my four jungee siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor. .
In the past two years, I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area managers to organize activities from children. .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children' s personalities. .
I have a friendship  happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments. .
In addition  my studies and experience  I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I should be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Your faithfulness.
Luhomir Sawicki.
Dos traveling broaden your mind .
In my opinion  travelling does have your mind .
When visit different places  you get to see different environments  cultures , people, and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways. .
For example  if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different generations and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to side the way in which other people live  to see that your way of living is nor the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that if everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fish water , which is a basic resource, and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink, even though this is not true. .
Besides  when we travel to different places, we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture  and we see how different from one another humans are .
For all of these reasons, I think travelling really broadens your mind. .
I want to build my career as a fully funded researcher and academician. .
To fulfill this dream, a PhR degree would be the most essential step. .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhR on Georetical and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed 3-phase systems. .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes, which can be used as drugs against several human diseases  as cosmetics material and as phofonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications. .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields. .
After my PhD  I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barcelona .
There is no future for public transport. .
The number of cars grew up rapidly  however, the public transport is still in use. .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams  the public transport is becoming more and more popular again. .
In some cities it is even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission  so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Well, it depends .... When you travel with your own car, you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it is your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place. .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You made the box .
However  as a driver, you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places  your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your pace. .
But think about the costs. .
Thini how much you pay for a petrol nowadays? .
Consider as well how many days do you have for vacations? .
Kaybe chep arilines are better .
Beig back to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in a big cities and face problems with the tragic .
What if we use the public transport to get to work? .
Well  they do not have to worry about the passing pace and yoy and read more books on the way to work .
Simpl , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself. .
What else is ?
After work, you can go for a drink with your colleagues. .
And if the ecology is important for you, just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect one again' , is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion, by yez , there is !.
Is travelling by car more convenient? .
Well  it depends !
We're using the first narration. .
The first narration can attract readers' attention at the beginning of the fiction, and makes the readers get intro the thoughts of the madman easily .
We can't understand what others think, usually , but in this friction , the author invite us, know that inside the madman 's minr .
Feeling that the main character is talking to us  as if we were all involved in this case  the whole thing seemed like really happy. .
acing the lurder directly makes the horror penetrates into out hearts .
Yow does this author create a word of horror to his readers ?
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene  the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
First  the scene that described the murder makes readers can't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
Just like the man' swn was happening right in front us. .
Then comes to the sound , the heartwaters .
To my opinion  heart heat is the element that push the whole sort to the climate .
Every time she, the sound of heartbeats, starred arousing  something ensued .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old men , and he did it .
The second time, when madman heard the heartbeats , he became incompetent , scare , excuted, and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time  the geartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally  I think he was this author wanted to express the disordered mind of the man is his intonation .
The whole story evolved the end of the fiction he confessed the crime  the madnan 's uses the intonation that is extremely calm and steady  to tell the readers the process of the full thing that he had done .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelt , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy. .
Shivering insider our hearts  the horror increases .
Mr Letr 's go to the forest to serve the majority of animals which are found there, he said  Mxa told to his friends one sunning afternoon .
When all was set  they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there  they started to look around, trying to find different types of animals such as birds  rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees, then  aroos, the fiver , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass, that is, that's the ?sum , Max said aloud .
They ran quickly  crossed the river, and they reached the place where the animal was. It’s a private thing for the parents, people going through this I feel like it exposes you, she said.
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering  so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision  Max took couarge to open the teap , but the deer did not move because its leg was injured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the rivet to give to the deer. .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .
Afterwards  the animal was better, and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished  Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life. 'What an amazing day to see  Max whisper to himself as he shot into bed that night. .
The question is to whether it is possible to be famous without journalists. .
Probably not  but they are many people in shaw - business or political life  who are ready to do everything to have their private life .
Generally  people may be famous for two reasons, namely because of their jokb orbecause of their scandalising private lives .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about titing paparaxzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life  that says more or less, plus 1. It is not important what are they talking about you  it is important they are talking about, you ' .
Most of celebrities follows this rule  as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life. .
Real problem states when journalist invests not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
Paparazzi are rich in contact with families, people 's children  that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals? .
In most cases they are just doing their job as well as they can  leading their burning line .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life  they just leave the alkne .
Summarizing  I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand  their duty is to save their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who lives to sea  I consider environment  quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
Last Friday, I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon, called ' Las Fichrras' .
It was suggested by two friends of mine, and according to then  because the good food and funny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to hafing fin and rat for Mexican food after a stressful week. .
In my opinion  the food was gold, but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the meat service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as 'dishes' from another table serged for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay, and the bill was shown even with our ssking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ). .
For my luck ( or not ) , , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at ' Laz Fidheras ' before and in her opinion  as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower price and good service. .
I got durious about this place and decided to go later. .
It's Pistilla y Corazón Taqueria 's was the first Mexican restaurant that I could read genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service. .
They served us soup nachos, soup with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes. .
After choosing  a bottle of fresh water was served  again  for free .
We choose soup of meat with guacamole sauce, and it was absolutely delicious. .
After paying the bill  they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit, confirming that great plaxes still exist. .
Hey, ! I survived ! ! ! :)!
First of all, YES, THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYER HELENA, NEED NEEDS, TBE ARTICLE ! ! .
Second of all  OW ARE YOU  .
And also  where are you how ? ? ? :)?
In my case ... I am much better note  I am settled back home and I am up and down , even though my uncured sprained ankle gas goes worst .
Last week, I was bortowed an ankle support and sole cruytches , so, over since then, it is going better. .
Furthermore  precisely today, I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions .
So I should be back on jumping around in no time, :) .
As you know , Alta was a big puncu right in the stomach , which, for sure, I did not need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired, but, as if that were not enough , my scholarship ( young enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) to other participants ) , , as no sufficient to cover all the costs, !, etc.
Any way  CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malata with a smile and a warm up heart .
And for that I want to thank YKU once again. .
Back home  everything started fast - I should have gotten used to by now  should not I guess - .
So I had not have time for much. .
I have been totally immerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine. .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing  both of the feeling of most meeting his expectations, and of the ( I am guezsing , as I do not know anything as yeggo ) less money earned that it will mean .
Score Sorry , I 'm gonna na' ( ab)use of your native language skills, once again in fact here, no meeting his expectations ' ' could be substituted by another expression' .
What I do not is the difference between this bunch, to be gold enough , measure up , make the grade be up to standard or thr task .
There again  having a whole bunch of free hours  days !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , provided itself to make wonders ! ! ! .
I decided to get back ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had begun going every day, lay down ) , and I started getting things done . Plus, I gave a rest to my ankle  which was very much needed to help.
The two - day one - night trial with my mother and sister went quite well. .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful  and haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle  we would have gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I will be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned. .
I have set a lot of CFs  and have gone to 3 interviews so far  also for English classes ( one company and two academies ). .
About the pictures from Rqmla  could you save a bit more time ?
I haven't found time to download the pixtures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to start out , I was ( and is ) definitely NIT a priority .
Do remind me again  thou , if you see that I am forgetting  okay .
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
Because chatting is way faster than writing, ;) .
I am glad na go nl. .
Talk to you soon  Jike .
Receive a big hug from ( YRS  FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015.
The Guardian 's article 'World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming ' , published on the 9th November 2015  describes the problems of global warming .
Referenring to scientists at the British Met Office  2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unforeseen consequences on the future .
The World Meteorological Organization, made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has reduced more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels. .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks. .
Then  would leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephem Belcher, , director of the Net Offside 's Hadleu Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperatures or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of Energy and climate change, Mr Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays' s politics, the two its consequences on economy  global security and the fight against poverty .
We stand up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states, and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries. .
Furthermore  climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming  clarking thus statement with the example of Central England , which has warmer 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding  heatwaves , water streams and lots of harvest .
Facing these consequences  a 4C warming would be even more damaging, according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass gap in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008, 2020, there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this diagnosis will come true, according to Prof Andrew Shepherd  University of Leeds  as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study showed a different result  the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet, in terms of living conditions  environment and economy, and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates. .
Fifteen whaling nations formed the JWC after whaling populations collapsed. .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans. .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in  and who experiences them  they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Heritage List  properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten separation criteria .
The World Heritage list is important because it attracts tourists, and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world. .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants, but these are endangered species in the area or have a significant importance in history. .
World Heritage is the designation of places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity, and as such  have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on which statutory it is located  buy it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the sites for future generations .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international world heritage community as a whole. .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the list is that once a country wins the Convention  and has sits inscribed on three World Heritage Lost  the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties. .
A country may also receive financial assistance and exert advice from the Work Heritage Committee to support activities of the preservation of its sites. .
The disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage list are that these sites are hot funds, so they can not protect them for risks. .
Moreover, they remain in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance. .
In my opinion, the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protected for UNESCO. .
It is difficult  but I think that it is necessary try to invent new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion. .
I loved playing  watching and talking about it .
It is my first passing and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes. .
Crickeg is a team sport which teaches us team work  collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weakness and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team. .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood. .
Even when I was a kid, I started playing with boys of much higher age than me. .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly. .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played. .
Sacjin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer. .
I am fan of his batting. .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history. .
Apart from his cricketing skills, I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations. .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket, I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lar and Pointung .
To learn more about bowling, one should watch Akdam  Warne and Murli .
I will also advise reading more about cricket on cricket.m. .
It has nice articles  reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in depth. .
Cricket is going through rough phase the to match fixing and betting scandaps .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent bow .
I met a friend about one week ago  and he asked me a question that I can't stop thinking about  What is on my bucket Lust .
I can't stop thinking about it  because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my live in such a deep way. .
By the way  do you know what a bucket list is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die. .
I think is kind of sad  that I do not know what I want to do , I do, I do NOT know what makes me truly happy. .
About two weeks before I met him, I watched a very beautiful movie called ' The vault in our strars ' .
It is about a teen couple who are dying because of cancer  and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply  it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciate the really important things. .
So, after watching this movie and my friend’s question, I can not help thinking about my life. .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live lore , but I have no idea what is this my morr. .
Before that, I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness  but now I think that before this I heed to do other things. .
It is very interesting to think that it will necessary meet someone here  from another entire different culture to make me think about why I want .
It is very strange that another person became conscious about a very profound pity of me that I have never thought of. .
Well  next November I will travel to Europe  the only certain thing on my bucket list that I know .
However  now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today  because of the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something  and I think this sort something is almost everything .
People's lives will change in the future  and I bet it is not of the better .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , history is not an unstoppable march towards a progressment , , whatever that word means .
It is a critical process. .
Rom has its way in the first century AD  but three centuries later it was only a shadow of its last .
These later period Romans were not even able to make the high quality event that their ancestors were able to take and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier. .
Anx, who can safely say that three centuries from now, humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted. .
No one can assure such a thing. .
But I do not think  unless there is another World War  people' s lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years. .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak  and after that there will be a decline  until a new dawn games .
But let’s pick the World War hypothesis for a second. .
A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people's lives in the time length of 50 years from bow. .
But there is  at this day  prospects for a new World War .
I do not think so , but on the other hand, what the hell do I show? .
The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence, fight now for all I know , and no other , or only a few very wide and intelligent people know about it. .
One day in the future another, Franz Ferdinand could be killed  and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse to some country declare war to another  but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times. .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already. .
But pet is not digress into that , that is all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement, on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To Date Sam.
From Fort Simonetta.
Daxette, 05.30-30.14.
Subject (Applause) This is a growing sector in which many new jobs are being created.
Hi, as I am.
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleases that we are on holiday and we can plan something together. .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year  at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it? .
I have already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and how it was great! .
It would be terrific if you came with me  is it possible ?
Could you ask your parent' s permission ?
In this camp, parents are calm and do not worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants, and the camp is situated on an entire island. .
In addition  the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in society .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff, all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities ).
There are two swimming pool , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on, but what I like most is the cuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The camp is well - known and open from May to October, and it would be good to boko within two weeks  it always gets overbooked for the period. My parents can talk of a family when children have been born and are being brought up.
I am looking forward to receiving hour answer !
Bet wishes .
Simonetta.
The doorbell rang unexpectedly  I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my say to the front door. .
Outsixe stood the most extraordinary - looling, and that he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter. .
I was taken aback  so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriend. .
She came down  but she did not scream .
Onstead, she started crying .
The man, as it turned out, was my father  who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive. .
Mother had always told me he had died in the war. .
I think she did this for my own good. .
I was very disgusted by the situation and did not know if I liked him or not. .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual, but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic. .
It was very odd to see him in my home. .
Now we will live together. .
Although the forest days were difficult  now we all get on all .
It is time to be a whole family again. .
The Grand Olace is the central square of Brussels. .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages. .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helled each other, and the eoders ones taught these yongsters .
Sometimes  they became very rich .
Each building is decorated with the blaze of the corporation. .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful. .
Today  most of them are hosting caes  shops and restaurants that attract a pot of tourists  but there is also the city museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area. .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels, which is made of narrow pavef streets  old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently  several of the buildings have been restored, and we can now better use their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Every tear  when Christmas comes  there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings, while a huge fire tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Riyal Casrle is one of the hithest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe  so during the stay in Pokand it is necessary to visit it .
The first Casyle  called palati , was built in 11th century  the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded  and in 16th century, finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous, a arcaded calendar .
During the tour, the visitors were shown several rooms and apartments  as well as Royal Privats Apartaments with four - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings' collection .
Another attack of the gour is visiting the Crown Treasudy , where Polish coronstion insignia were stored  and wmoury .
Apart from the featured  there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history, as well as the other collections .
While visiting Aawel Royal Castle, he can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle  were  according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royao Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness. .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture. .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours  and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago. .
I think I am very lucky than because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way  without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to now we learn our own motor language .
Moreover  I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few week every summer, since I started learning until I was fifteen years old. .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English. .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself undersfood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago, I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enroll for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills. .
Along the course, I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers. .
And there I realised at least two things, namely the first one that it is possible to lean hos to write better, but the second one that even when you can male yourself generally understood , it is not so was to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it wouldn't be a magic show if he did not know how to perform the trick. .
In the same way, I had the ideas and the cards, but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic truck of precise and stylish writing. .
Adolescence  .
Everybody say it is the best period in our whole life, but what they do not remember is that it could be also the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a flying patu, and even when it seems you can see something three it , in realify you do not .
This wealth of is composed by our uncontrolled emissions. .
Everything is unknown  but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our patents, for every time we discover something new, or we say something , they judges us or the begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confluence our minds .
As I said, adults could be very confused, and if there is a thing that ger under our skin is when moms sag something and then yell us to do the opposite, she .
The worst part is that they get angry with us. .
We are confused , they are nor clear, and then they also get angry, and they are surprised when we get mad at them.
It is true that we should always be respectful, but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us. .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of coincidence  because in the end we do not only feel anger for them, but also a lot of love. .
Love : That is a new ferling that adolescents have to have. .
It is not the usual love they are used to feel  as love from family and friends  but it is a new kind of love .
It is a kind of movie that struggles, but it makes butterclies fly in our stomach  it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of, like the type of loves that does not make us fall asleep at night. .
It is a period in which we have our first experience  and it is as scary as exciting .
Adolescence it is like this  there’s a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into the dark .
Dear group leader. .
First of all  I would like to thank you for the interest shown to our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice season and  pleasure  model at home .
Her  in Mallorca  there are a lot of places to visit, but I will recommend you a nice place  without tourists  noose and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallrca, yopu will fib a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà, you will find a copper ton , situate on the edges of the mountain range of Plevant .
Sa Colònoa de Sant Pered is a traditional fisheryilage .
Nowadays  you can still see some visitors fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts. .
In order to get to your destination, you must rude a biographer and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
You will rides until Ca lps cans  one of the most stigmatical beaches of Mexico .
This one is part of a protected arra , a natursl pad .
For that reason  you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said, ' see hace camino al andar ' .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Going on a bike near the seashore with the brewze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life. .
On the way to Ca loz can  you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lit of trees called ' tamarells' (  native trees of the vast of Mallorcq ).
Moreover  you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Finally  you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels. .
There go van practise different sorts. .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes  sea urchins and seaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the white sea. .
A part from spots , yoy should no longerwo different culture points .
On the one hand  there is what remains standing of edificarications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand  there is a prehistorical twoer called 'Talaiot' .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet. .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an impotrant building for high -pass pelple. .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sin goes down. .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Trampuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlucsia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the vape of Formentor .
Ca. los Canx is a mixture of wea , narure and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course  I need to ask you a favour to Poease , keep true secret .
Regards  .
Paula, 2006.
Introduction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after open learning. .
This report analyses the two main facilities  the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
This machines are fantastic and the staff is very help up with every customer. .
On the other hand  the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded, so it is very difficult to do exercise. .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length  about 20 metres .
Furthermore  it is both too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand  the changing rooms are so far from this facility  so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from home place to another .
Cobclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent, but the gym could be bigger. .
Furthermore  you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Transport.
When we imagine future  we rarely imagine overcrowded, but see an rusty subway train .
As technologies develop and become cheaper, more and more people by personal care. .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others. .
Travalling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end? .
In my opinion  it is not true .
Firstly  where still always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a cat .
Students  children from large families  old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time. .
Secondly  cars can also turn into public transport .
Scienced fiction often depicts future as the world where cars were used freely .
Anyons can use the nearest car he or she sees. .
Thirdly  people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true of older people  who lose the ability to drive as they age 18.
In conclusion  public transportation is not likely to disappear  at least due to nearest tens of year 2020.
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries. .
According to the chart  the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called ' source countries' , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise  the countries with the highest salaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones were called 'the destination countries' , because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover  in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns  apart from the last country  Country D. In this context  the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Count D  the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion, we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses  working abroad is a much better deal .
Bumping is a common , well known and well located sport amongst most countries in the world, however, it is also punishing  dangerous and dissuaded to the extent that many people want it banned  possibly with good reason .
Boxing is a dangerous short , there are relatively common deaths  tragic injuries and even disease .
All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in his best fight. .
If not killed, then more likely paralyses .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten tears of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks. .
This is just from the elite few  and there is more from those below them .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned. .
The port would go underground  there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue. .
With this going on, the people's tsking part will be dreadful  and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were subjected to kill and mayhem in similar underground do fights have already proved deadly to innocent people  the new boxer could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned and no - one throws up, knowing it is acceptable, there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully lets all round interest in violence, making towns and cities much safer places to live in  there would be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
Change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not distort form the entertainment .
There are small amounts of plroposals  lighter and more cushioning gloved could be worn  ban punches to the head , headfuards, aorn or make fights shorter  as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds  these would all show off the boxers skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt, he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to start in as a direct result of nothing , even Myhamed Alu , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - gifted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do major everyday acts. .
Many other spots are more dangerous than boxing  motor sports and even mountaineering. His risks that are rare. .
Boxers choose to not  just as racing drovers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature  there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works' ' characters' is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However  such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and  therefore  the products of ethnic American literature can notbe categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rathet , thus eve - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggles and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority work , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole  and although the mothet 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub rebel against such forces as arranged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions  and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government  the characters' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures  for Celie , too  rebels were arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous moves in Jazz reflect Titita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water or Chocolate .
Rebellio and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature  but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are depicted in other pieces of literature .
Imphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and the Color Purple , other minor works, including Love, Mledicine and Jaz, do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures on the obvious rebellion of the characters, a responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
This can imply that these ethnic American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optkmisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurrence is for some good .
Foltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candide, the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thher - der - Tronck, .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optimism. .
For example, when Candide is forced to join the Builgar army, he is being admitted to death, but Candide does not concern himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good, it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation, and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire show is dilsike of l'opitmisme when Oangloss  Candidd abd James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned, and there are only three survivors  Candide , Pangloss and a saklor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city to which Candise was sailing to .
On arrival, they see starvation and death .
Canride is obviously horrified  especially when the sawilor begins pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer, but Oangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it. .
Xandide  although remaining true to the ideals of optimism  always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world  South America  and has to leave his darlliny Cubique with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this, especially as the reader that he was in America was due to him milling the Je andr Archbishop because they were Cunjonde 's lovers. .
Throughout this book, we begin to see how Canidde is gradually lead away from l'optimism, or perhaps more importantly, his l' Optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
This constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring, but leads to a constant flow of disasters. .
Cnadide 's belief  in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - Sen. - Tronck because he embraces Cun'yobde  he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake . he is also killed as part of an auto - da - feng , he kills the churchmen . He is almost eaten  he finds Elsorado much more endearing and comforting than the list continues. .
Candidee 's life is governed by his belief the gold will prevail .
Eventually  of course  he does marry Catherine, but Sue is most the beautiful young flower that he once loved. .
Sue has becomegly and grew worse by this way. .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimism .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through  of course, in the end he does get Cun'égodne, but at the price of her look and personality .
Voltaire  in Canride  shows how the philosophy of optimism is one of despair, not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European communities as an embryonic United States of Europe, but especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European unity. .
However, it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States. .
When the original 13 American states resorted to, for what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force. .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual stays as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example, in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today, he still gears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states  buy no - one would challenge the fact that  on matters external to the United States  the government in Washington represents the same policy - making money .
In Europe, it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force. .
However, it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europol 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ), , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament  something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long say from a single Parliament for Western Europe, with power to make political decisions for all those and even with 1992 approaching and a single market, the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide. .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged. .
It abilify to make an oath and law - made by it or Europe - jeans that it retains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever  it would tomorrow repeal all these laws .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it, and Parliament consented .
But with the average jingoistic Britain, there is no chance of us curbing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe. .
Even now, the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world. .
Naturally  the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries  Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the east of Europe .
Whenever necessary  he has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent  but throughout history  these has been more concerned with her overseas empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century, though  her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty, it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe. .
For instance  British law is based largely upon precedent , that is, judge made law .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries  and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on out law , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the pack of influence will display many differences .
With the formation of a simple Europe , news law will have to be accepted throughout the continent  and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause feelings and discontent .
Of course  the same points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change, and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered. .
Our individual monetary system, I support , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created  problems may arise in fundamental political concepts .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the Union .
It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic regional structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved  but the Union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent  even if sovereignty was lost  some national personality could be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still in essence be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept. .
Europe, as a whole, faces the same problems  and therefore  if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently. .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally  so that individability is preserved  and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British  really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots  and the fears of losing it are very great .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the Union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians peading the countries .
With 1929 now only a year away  the question of what a single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain. .
This loss's heed, not, however, be negative .
In fact  in political  economic and defence terms, I fear this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would not go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handling all control over to facelifts, bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg. .
Throughout the world, a kind of change is apparent  but especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe, the rest of the world, will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process. .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making, which will eventually decide the new world order. .
However, to be fully involved  sacrifices have to be made .
Such safeguards will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stay. .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf  European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . What I would be reluctant to hand over all control to the defence to any central body. .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid readtion force. .
Whilst to an extent, collapsing defence costs could be cut, this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available. .
In political terms  regardless of legislation  Britain, like the rest of Europe, is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries. .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography. .
Politically, we are moving closer together. .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen. .
E.R.M.C. is already upon us, but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful. .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system, I do know that no system can lower interest rates  and inflation while raising growth  with the possible exception of the Magic Cirdle .
In the area of the single currency , again, I feel this is inevitable. .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEX as opposed to an agerage based system .
To conclude, I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed. .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty, but gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the boat, I think we will drain before the next boat comes. .
When the Treaty of Rome was signed in 1957, the foundation was laid for a new EU continent - a united Europe. .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly  but over several years .
Ben Brotain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum  the debate began concerning Britain's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Maroet , the debate flared up again  but over how far Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992, but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant. .
The former Prime Minister  Margaret Thatchet was not keen to leave Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of pure sovereignty. .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved. .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992  and the single market .
Trade will be easier  with no frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices  along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already  with decriminalization , the new Euro - pawsports and now the pound stering being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain  effecting day to day matters  to create a 'European Standarf' , .
This may make Britons forgetful of Europe and tired of ' 's 1992' '1992' and 'lal that's .
A single market requires one central institution to co - coordinate all movements of goods and policies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the sound sterling is taken over by the ECJ? .
It may well - but will this Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views? .
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks. .
As the date draws nearer  the awareness of Britons to Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects. .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will? .
Perhaps, as more of Britain becomes 'Eurofied' , its will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe. .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade. .
We had been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone. .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to move this up. .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty. .
There has been such a lot of talk about a single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon. .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed ' Will this men a poss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation?' .
Firtsly  a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective  this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting, owing to eoing things once  instead of twelve times  will be enormous. .
Firms  because of being able to build their resources  will be able to devote more time to research and development  and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reunited with as regards competition. .
To look at things on a more individual level  every member of the new single Europe' s standard of lifting should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will  in theory  result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Smiplicity is one of the Commission' s key aims  with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand, people will be happier  get on better .
If this is so , they should also do work better .
Ideally, then  there would be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand  will this single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain? .
It must be remembered that most only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other Member States , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why should this matter? .
Well  Britain has quite a history and therefore a faur number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become enhanced in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may often feel lost, and that they do not really 'not belong' any more. .
The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this ideapism really will work .
Will there be greater prosperity  better - informed  happier citizens  or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies? .
Britain  although small  is more often than not in the fore of international matters  taking a definitive stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character at least  in integrating itself into this Single Europe ??
No one would dispute that. This is a difficult question. .
The fact remains, however, that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a single Europe. .
This , as everyone is well aware  is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is, of course, other , the more successful the single Europe will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards transparency .
Then we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way. .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - cooperation. .
The community has an ability to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe. .
In particular  the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers, but movement adopt only of goods out of services  capital and people .
However  the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one, but to what extent should a Member hand over its sovereignty to the Community  if at all ??
Let us look at the founding of the European Community  before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War  but only after Europe has again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states caller for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
Firstly  was Europe' s realization of her own weakness  after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economically  militarally  and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly, was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided. From Fort Vancouver, at its pinnacle, McLoughlin watched over 34 outposts, 24 ports, six ships, and 600 employees.
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community  in 1958.
Its membership had grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three.
One of the most innovative features of the European Community, compared with other international bodies, is that the Member States have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called integration.  .
The 1970s saw progress in integration  with the introduction of Community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies. .
All of the Member States agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992  however, each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that one wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty  many want unanimous voting  not majority voting .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and was  and could see a drop in standards if they do not stay firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to badly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity. .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe. .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained  the threat will subside as a feeling, of identity, takes over .
On Britain's roads, there is an ever increasing volume of traffic. .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without good - laws and traffic jams ..
To remedy this, the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing wind roads and bypasses , with improved reception .
While the road system is being improved, there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place. .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic. .
It might feel an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport, i.e. the railways. .
People are not taking to the tail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas. .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route. .
The main disadvantage with the railways is, as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies, it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train. .
If the services were integrated, there would be a bus time table, which coincided with the rain arrival times. .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would normally have to look forwards to a long wall , wait for a bus or an expensive tazi ride. .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services  this would get people of the roads and onto the train. .
To improve the daily service, trains have got to be tiled to arrive and depart at any times, i.e. arrive at dark o'click and leave at half past six. .
The train and bus companies had to lose with each other, and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap, i.e.  the same price or less as it would cosy to go by caf .
The basic dilemma facing the UK' s daily and road transport system is the general rise in population. .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year  consequently putting pressure on the UK's transport network .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities. .
Most larger cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport, thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods. .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheap to computers  clean , easy and efficient, then it could fake the strain of the overladee British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances, rail transport should be made more appealing  more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended  widehed and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle, yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic  we are our own enemy .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitter into the atmosphere, damaging the ozone layer  creating smig and forming acid raxin  touring the Earth we were living on  .
Including, I wish to propose clean  efficient, comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The modern traffic jam is not a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world's population. .
If every time we use one car to travel any distance, we find ourselves in a 10 miles tail - back, why do we still insist that that we travel in such aander? .
To illustrate my point  if every time you took a train  it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it. .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road? .
The answer most likely lies in 2 area  firstly, the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
This is in my opinion  shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far an 'awy no' ' greeny' , who wants to make everyone live in thepee 's and eat soya bran sup . However, I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today. .
The government's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on road roads is to back move  they are not even attempting to treat the cause  that more and more people are now driving .
We all feel that we have a divine right to be on this road. .
Why ?
Do we  the western world ( 5% of the population of the world )  have the right to use the resources of the rest of the worldwide at the environmental cost? .
Just because we can not be gothered to get out of need a but earline to catch public transport .
Even if we did  then shortly so does the rest of the world .
That could have disastrous implications. .
The second reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much  there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped seeing trains because of the fall in standards  these people were forced into the road  routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back  ofcing more people onto the roads. .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of red uze .
This has now been identified with the sale of the railways  to private rail companies  profit motivated .
The vital  small rail links may now be closed  proviously they where subsumed to make up the loss  only the private companies can not afford to do those so many will lose , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stip the circle will be to break it  the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport, it will expand into a food service industry. Unfortunately, the public is not able to be attentive to this idea. .
Today  boxing has become a very popular sport  with T.T.V.2.5.1.0.2,000 channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money  this is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to bead high .
We have superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled and Kur belobed Frank Beuno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull, which may cause a brain cut or mor. .
Last year  the fight between Chiz Eubank and Micehal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as a way out  , a chance to make it to the goal and earn a lot of money on the way. .
There were  however  people who regard nothing as barbaric  brutal and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence. .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight. .
During fights, doctors a keep close to the king and had the authority to call it off prematurely if required. .
Abmulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
Although it may sound cruel  I do not believe that a fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young voters , to bring boxin would be insan , while it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used, and there usually is not a doctor present. .
Gaking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurging the opponent , it can be said thatboxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other ports which are rare, more brutal and dangerous  such as ' hai boxin ' , where competitors aer encouraverave to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues  but for the sake of safety in the long term, I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is hood new for the majority of the British public? .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic, it may be, but basically that is the main principal of boxing. .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head, his brain moves vigorously inside his skull. .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells and bodying fight, and if this occurs frequently, then the boxer can end his career with brain damage. .
In my eyes, and probably the eyes of others, this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport to play the east is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opponent out' , although this is argued by Chirrius Eubajk. He believes he is a sportsman, and the style of boxing is an art form he records that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out, but to win on points, differences, and to give Chris Erubank his just result. Most of his fights have been won on points. .
But there is one exception - the original example  the first references why boxing should be banned  the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who dies, not specifically go into fights to knock his opponent out ). .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so capled ' sporg ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot' , after having rungeide doctors , banning bare hand fighters, but the tool and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sphere tragically dies .
A recent death in this ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport  and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel. .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutality of this sport , which is possibly why he enjoyed it so much .
I have yet to hear any governor regret his choice of career. .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent to the canbass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The joney that is there for this thing for the very best of this best is ridiculoius , and both dome tip bowers, earning sums of money such as $20 million ( or, in time, Tyeons come back cash , $60 million ! ). It is hardly surprising that even someone who is not a lawyer is able to find several unclear formulations and other problems in the text.
Let us consider ' ' Sku' , 'Viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view This Search Mext Live Lights' , .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either. .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a bler , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ). .
These individuals and others learning about the fragic incident in the media protest against the sport. .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport, would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased  proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bryno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight Champion of the world  yet how sorrt many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical view is shovelled by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation  in France  than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main connection came from celebrities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity  instead buying a lot of ticket  with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottoery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which, as I nor see as the strongest vontender for the budget, the companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs. .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charith , but was rejected .
My personal objections to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that a large proportion of the consortim are American or foreign firms. . For example, JBM has a substantial stake in Camelot, 44.
The British national lottedy run by an British firm. .
Since its introduction, there has been more controversy over the national history. .
When it promised to give 45 cents in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money. .
For example, 3 million pounds were given to Etn College, one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money, was also given to the royal opera house. .
The lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood , steaking from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards. .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets  only to be disappointed. .
It has been calculated that only 4 cents our of every pound received by the lottedy goe to charitable cause , the rest is tax, the peize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of inning anything substantial is one in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpot was too high, most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the Jackpot had ranned their life  alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion  I think that the lottery should be retained  but not in its present form  I know that jackpot should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shawred between more people  it is better to give fifteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove any American humanness intruders and give the charity money to more deserving ' charity' .
How this lottery is in place  it would be very difficult to resolve it from society .
The commuter has been one of the most influential inventions of all time. .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business  science and communication  as well as any other area of human life .
In many ways  it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and rush through precautions , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer. .
This , unfortunately  means that this Gednius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science, which a computer can not calculate  but this may nor be the case centurise into the futyre .
Coputers have been used as a means of leeping records , they have a bug, superseeed handwritten text , ( in a few decades, people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exa ). . They are used to transfer money across the globe  even to create a break in supply and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' pictures , , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not this computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant. .
People  businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines  e - mail and the internet  and some people prefer their form of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even meeding to move the actual money - the physical damage does not matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of. .
However  the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ). Computers can not deal with human beings  they have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations  and can not adapt to new situations using judgment .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only either human beings can cope and deal with that .
Aoso , computer, can break down , and then a human is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried  they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumpu , pride and perpexity .
The word watched in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the omages of the TV , expecting something jew at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school. But God’s promise to be with us and to transform us is as strong as it was on that night when shepherds were abiding in their fields, and suddenly there was the light of God.
But we all felt that we are living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and we were proud to be a part of it -- it was November 9, 1989, the day that the Wakal fell in Berlin-2.
Within a few weeks  the excitement had dued down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
Bit of me  this had been the star .
It was the start of what our now as - President Bush likes to refer to as a 's or ' ainning' of the Cold War --
It was the event that have the people of the Eastern bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in van -- for 40 years  the people had suffered under a communist regime that did not allow them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- many people had tried to escape ...
Spme had been executed -- I had a classmate who gather had escaped from Hungary -- he had kept his family and friends  his whole life and bad self out of Western Europe with little money. .
I had asked him once if he had not been scares  scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- even though I had lost touch with this classification  her father' s words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans' ' success' , the people of Hungary  Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Romania, those against communist regimes as well -- No. 1, three gears later  communism, as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or nog , I fan npt day --
However  they will have at least seen the same other dress .
Their struggles and bopes of fifty years will never have been in vain -- without the events of Berlin Wall's history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually  I think that things would have turned out as they did --.
However  history can not be rewritten, and as things stand, the fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Book -- as such  it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War, and therefore  though we may not always remember the other significant events  we will always remember them, they will fall --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world. .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular  but of technology as a whole .
This thing  technology has been and will always be both the closest friends and yet the greatest Nemesis of their world. .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a loving for my family  they have cueed my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less obvious corners of our lives .
The case of the men humans have developed is where the greatest problems lie. .
Also  they do not threaten us  but when they become welders with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies  they become potentially their most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States  I have come to feel that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular. .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller. .
And I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets. .
In schools  Geography classes rarely  if ever  exist .
Before I came to Spain  a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world. .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described  and I feel that its people have adopted the same. 'I am a self - sufficient - I do not need any help, the type of mentality that will always destroy us. .
Our awareness of other people  other cultures  and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators. .
Until I was 15, I was unable to study any foreign language at all  and even at that time I had only one choice of languages - German .
Since I had twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances  that I mentioned before  I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience links this .
The effort of the United States gas caused our minds to be heard  and a world that is growing  while my country lags behind in its slefish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we were becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is true in a way  the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) have meant that we no longer need to be able to work out suits in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many shows  the czshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simpleness of eums without the aid of their tilla .
In many areas  the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers. .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past, with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as failing are good for us. .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness. .
When people talk about artificial intelligence (AI ) , you hear many funny tales form people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and still eventually rule us. .
These are just the ranting of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer. .
Even ' artificial intelligence' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to build the computer , how to program them, and , more importantly  how to control them .
As for making the human brain redundant, computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test, and improve our linguistic skills. .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say are drawn their children into ' zonbies' .
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models  enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant  it has opened up areas of then we never knew existed. .
It is now the age of this computer. .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one. .
Computerputers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past, which filled whole dooms. .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in must deconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education. .
Nut are they such a good thing ?
When calculators came along, a drop in ability of student for mental arithmetic was obvious, and now they are used of the simplest calculations. .
The computer could do the same thing. .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public  shy work of something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time saving and efficient, but it is causing people to forge basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a ' spellcheck' to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today, computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figured .
This could be argued to be educational. .
However  this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours just at a keuboard, tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen. .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships. .
Computefs van offered escape from the hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games, but they are found - numbing and un - inactive .
There is, however, a more dangerous threat from computers  it is that they can do the work for man .
This could lead to high unemployment. .
These people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems. .
The reaction of tapping cells all day and staring at the screen can be harmful, and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again. .
Computer may be the future, but what pact will many have in this future? .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home  people would hardly save walk, and the only career available would be for computer programmers. .
I agree that computers are helpful, but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them. .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also  in schools, I feel that work should be done mainly by hand, and calculators and computers should only be used monimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again save normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include, for the reason of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society. .
However  many people dialike or are prejudiced against  genetic manipulation .
Patly, this is a 'far of the unknown' , something which rampers with the infectious components of plant and animal live is beyond comprehension for most people  and therefore provides rear .
What people have also become aware of  is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individual .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jursasic Park ' being an obvious reference point ). .
There is also, however  the very real possibility that the power of magnetic manipulation could become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for 'evil' ' purpose .
This, the , is an argument against scientists bearing more responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused. .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow user to suffocate .
Everything in life  if misuse , can have harmful effects, and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - inside or car , this is partly a subnective view by present - day standards. .
Certainly we would not hold the makers of a car or machine - unless responsible for their misuse  and there is no reason why scientists should bear the amount of burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse. .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work  is that if this had been applied universally for centuries  scientific research would never have taken place  andankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply  anything above the mud that the existence .
Scientific research is notopt a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the numan condition or bettering itself .
The other fundamental law is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , science is a process of discovery rather than creation , i.e. .
No - one created genetic manipulation  the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery, then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who discovers something when anothed scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards. .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work  is that quite often  and particularly in the case of genetic manioulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new  it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But  since genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future  and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovers genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the monarchy. .
Time of them are listed below.
The divisions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce .
The other problem is that people sag ( or think ) that they do not do anything, buy the water rich and also they do nothing, pay any taxes. .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is bolishing in many countries and many countries are republic, so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too. .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too. .
For example, many people like the royal family, or they are honest people, not like the politicians that always lay .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is at a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world  UK is known by its royal family  so I do not think it should be abolished. .
In the end, I think if many people want the Monartchy to be abolished, a general election should be called and then see if Monarchy should be abolished. .
Fact In vitro fertilisation, it is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory, i.e.  in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father. .
Once fertilisation has occurred, the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother's wombs, and from there on the pregnancy will be normal. .
Normally, more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy. .
This usually leads to multiple births, i.e. .
Twins , triplets, etc. .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having started life in a est rube , as they believe little starts from the moment of conception .
There are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is not? .
, at what stage should the treatment not be given, and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles, of example? .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child. .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own, she could have a blocked fallopian tube, causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb, and it is only fair in helping her to have children. .
Technology has progressed quickly, and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind. .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations, i.e. .
1.  fertility treatment should not be given to post-Menopausal men .
The menpause is the body' s way of telling you that you are to end and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby. .
Last gear, there was a case of a past menopausal woman who, by saying about the age, was given in vile fertilisation ( IVF ). .
I do not think this is fair or morally correct to the child, since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school, and her mother wouldn't fail, while the child was in the teen, but there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not part the menopause .
2
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuse will have been abhorted for a reason, for example, if it was the result of a rap or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the lother and hot from dead  foetuses .
Sciece has moved on dramatically since the 19th century.
Kany new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart, and eben lun transplanets , there are many complications, but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacked the sufficient requirements or  a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried out on living people  but nowadays biologidal operations can be carried out, on humans which are not even born .
Bodies can start their days in a test tubes .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a womab placed in a test tube, and the sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm gushed together. .
The test tube is then inculcated for a few weeks, and when the fetious is confirmed  the baby is then inserted back in to the mothet .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally. .
This idea is extremely artificial to married couples who have been trying for a baby, but have been unsuccessful, are able to have children. .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside  which allows the mother and baby to bond, and it would deel part of head  this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do, few is ethically incorrect, is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby. .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children so shy should she have one implanged into her .
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension, and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child. .
Also, the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full live, and this would be unfair to the child. .
The child may also have to look after the mother in the old stage. .
As this fetoius begins its life in a test tub , and the sperm is selecter , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
The way the zex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The home has 2 X chromosomes and the man has some X and a Y - chromosomes 1.
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperm's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y so they can be deparated .
If the mother wants a baby, a sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected. .
This mat led to an increase in cod sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result, thus would reduce the population as there would be less coupoes .
Also, what happens if most people the year you are horn are men and to eat a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing all the time  but is it for the best? .
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the treat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system, which can be passed on through consummuming the animal .
In cows it is commonly known as wild cow disease, and by law and law showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
The problem is, however, the signs are not shown for a long time  this being a viral disease .
It can be passed on to gumans through eating parts of the animal such as the braib, which is affected, and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meal, however, is relatively safe and eating  e.g.  a steak offers very little change of the disease being passed on .
However, the British press have ignored this act and blown the situation out of proportion, considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef. .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry, preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain, but for export as well. .
With glibal communications as good as they are now  it could send a scare across the world about British beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and some places banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety' .
Although British farmers have learned to diversits , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made  substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were  utterly shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease, bovihe spungiform encephalapthy , or HSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the class lose a sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdd, where this disease was found, were put down before the symptoms progressed further. .
Those cows, which had been out down, were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow  and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain  and as the spimal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for leat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
The human disease  Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase  or CJX  is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the disease  or whether awareness of the condition is heightened  but more cases  from all ages have been diagnosed recently  and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists  perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to date .
However  people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K.  and many are abstaining from eating beet .
Manu schools have removed beef from their menis , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious  where everybody to boycott beef products .
To compensate  beef prices have dropped  in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry' s future would be unclear .
Geef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellkes , fruit gums , and, of course, stoches .
Would also these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredient ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt  the numerous herds of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed  but  being bred as they are  for beef , they would be useless food milk producers .
Not all beds can be infected  though  and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJ are pinked , and , more importantly  whether the latter can be contracted by sating meat contaminated with the former .
The nation awaits the verdict on theenterhooks , and it is in the majority' s interests that there be no proven link .
With this space .
Personally  I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD than ever before. .
Time replicates say that it can take up to 20 tears to develop  so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe  I shall continue to enjoy my roasted beet and Yorkshire puddin' , tahnkyou .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ), which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disease ). .
BEE is a disease in cross that effects their brain and spinal tissue ( or offal, as it is sometimes known ). .
After a few reported cases of CJD  a similar form of the disease found in humans  it is not thought that ' bad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the tatal disease to humans. .
This claim has sevested the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness. .
Already, the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 %, and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to attract and part of the cows, offal must be contained within the beef. .
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat, since it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As you can imagine, this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants, where beerburgers are the main item on the menu. .
An example of one is MacDonald's where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefberries are made from 100% of the findst , pure beef, and contain no fat. .
In my view, as no half recent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poof beef in case a customer caught JD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant. .
An outcome like this would mean they would be shed for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production, there would be a lower need for beef cows. .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this, the price of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers. .
So  as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CDJ in humans  farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) were losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result, they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops  milking cow , et  or even have to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJE was not strong enough before the claims were released. .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary  deleterious effect, etc., on the agricultural industry and beleaguered .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person' s dedication to the task at hand. .
If he has preconceived notions concerning one' s salary , he will certainly be disappointed, since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others. .
Contribution to society ' is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate equitably ' .
In the 1920s in American  it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living  but merely lived off the interests of their investments .
The stock market was experiencing a boom  and several former working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early 2020.
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites. Later they received proper protective equipment, but it was, unfortunately, nothing to do with that.
People now invest money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill  some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
Having almost unpimited wealth changes people  both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on. .
But do they have the right to live this way? .
What about people who work very yard, yet they seem to be paid miserably? .
A migrant worker may slage away in a field all day long and makes less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a gip at lunch. .
The answer this question lies in the 's feelings about democracy' .
Aome would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children' s inheritance ), he or she is entitled to it. .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing jon does not make a fair or moderate salaru, then it is hid or ger on fault ( or bad luck ). .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life, and what they make of it is their own responsibly. .
Approximately 50% of most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid. .
For instance  everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the soctors are losing their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ). .
So  unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work hard , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past wemen have had problems with societies' role of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home. .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man, verses a man doing the game job. .
One is the age that the son is required to stay home. .
Now a pot of women work and the one that wants to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women' s roles is the femimists. .
These are groups of people that have endured women over the years. .
These people had shown the modern world what women in the work place can do. .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women. .
Sone women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a hit more in their lives  some wanted, a lot more. In their lives .
What hasopens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules. .
This makes it hard  because if they do not , they are looked down upon by their liers .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war. .
Feminists argued this a log when the Iraq war was going on. .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight. .
I felt that these people were crazy. .
Wojen nust can not fight in a way very well. .
They are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones. .
Other women , though  are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotion in the work place as not begging fire .
Also, sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believe that they are the victims. .
I agree that, five to ten years ago, this might have been true  but now at employment are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women's fet looks at differently. .
There are some things that women can do better than men, and there are sometimes things that men can do, better than women. .
Gor would have created us all the damage if this was not true. .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed. .
More and more office jobs are being filled by the woman, but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men. .
I think that the traditional roles were a good tying , but the modernization has changed everyone' s habits. .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising  women are having more stersful , and kuds are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency  and running a lot more companies .
Eomen should be created equal , but they can only do what structure intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun, either it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with pooitics , feligion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women' s Liberation Movement in America. .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century,urdy  Men 's liberation has been met with distant  and often obstinate opposition .
Some of the first radiivals  Susan B. Antony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed  thus defeating their cause  because of their aggressive action .
At the same time other feminists, such as Emoly Dickenson, were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement. .
This ignorance of other laws aggressive feminist , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wid  disgruntled elements, and was therefore  detrimental to the good of society .
Although head adicals such as Snad and Athony seem dicile and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the early beginning, the Women' s Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle. .
However  I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of this movement , but rather  in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lin really took over again in the late 1960s  it was again destimed for failure .
Immediately  the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between 's normality' and women 's Lih .
This is still due twenty-five years later. .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and her own liberal causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadows of the bra - burning  anti -Shaving leaders of the 1970s. .
The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals. .
So what am I getting at? .
Olny that so - called feminists have not in mind of themselves shared the woman' s movement. .
However, , the popular perception of them was .
For so many years the good that Feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. the radical idea .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the policy it was being aimed was not so jaded .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago. .
Clearly  of the inventions of this century  the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room  making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible. .
However  the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time, but one has only to turn it on to the night reality .
Television was potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers  such as educational programming for children  cultural programs about far away places  and a closer look at current events than can it be given by newspaper .
Television has the lower to bring air into the home, as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more gully .
However  this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary  television has become the escape route of the masees , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the kinds of most Americans  television is regarded as a dispersion rather than an educational tool  as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time  watching shot - coms , sleep - opera , and cargoons .
The T.V. has become the center of many households  in many families  the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television. .
T.V.v. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families  and has also resulted in an increase in laziness. .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes, but there is no need to feel worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Television  therefore  has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of a few years ago .
It was given society another creative vein , aolk at worlds which could be seen in no other way  and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However  throughout the year  television was lost much of its integrity  the programmes offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape form, its problem and difficulties. .
Therefore  since the invention of television , society has become more informed, but too lazy to think about this new information , and has instanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people's lives and their way of thinking is the epidemic  known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile  it’s presence hasn't really been known till fairly recently  and it‼s consequences have been devastating. .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure. .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people, which has torn them apart. .
For example  there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual jale , not only because of their sexual preference  but they probably had AIDD too. .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart. .
Also  when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion, was diagnosed  the people of his town and his school treated him like a complex outcast and would not allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS  paranoia is at an all times high .
Doctors are discovering that some undetecable strands of AIFS do exist. .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDE and not even know it. .
I feel that has really made people think about their actions. .
In the early eighties, any casual sex act in the United States was a widely accepted idea  how it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one might stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful  and with more education on this disease  I am sure more changes will come about. .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time. .
Though advances in communication  transportation , and information sharing  the world as a body of people living in close proximity  has rapidly shrunk .
In the end of the world wars , the peace was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , , and most fighting, weak on our people, hard, knan .
In my opinion  the discovery and harness of atoms and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime  if not  perhaps  in several live times .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved  fears began to replace nationalism  and found small world erected barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American  I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with nati - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities, not underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daioy , normsl lide .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear  child wave ages .
In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement  and implementation .
As a commonplace gola and testimonius landmadk to 9 presidential administrations  the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of America, from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating chief executive command post from the air .
In just the past three years, our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and undreds of other small symbols of freedom  and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this  the wall , varbed qire , and mental barriers are falling  bringing more change that our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard  they are indeed dying .
In America, the military has been reduced by several thousand troops  and the production of nuclear weaponry has virtually arrived at standard .
Hopefully  with continued efforts  our use of nuclear fusion and fission will return from mediims of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this changing of attitudes  our frigid planet and cools neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry. .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infectious diseases. .
This can wonder - reducing also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured up in vitro - in a laboratory. .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient' s survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased  chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical specialists  and the industry increased tremendously. .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active. .
New drugs were also synthesised, but some were found to be medically useful, while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine. .
It was not much easier to obtain antibiotics for simpler illnesses  such as the common cold .
Huve enterprises  such as Upjohn  were formed and grew  and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics. .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people  to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a mounting industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their tissues still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) had evolved at an increasingly fast pace than from the very first modern computer in the 1940s to the computers of today  there have been many technological advances, and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories, such accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc. .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous, but, however  the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
This manufacturer has made life easier for a physical standpoint and harder for a mental standpoint. .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices  the computer is everywhere .
From word processors to spreadsheet or database programs  computers have made office work easier and faster. .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also, almost everyone has at least one simple computer  e.g. a calculator .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary, as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
This mental effect of computers is two - folf .
First up, computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do  many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surplus of 's needless ' computations , figures , etc. .
People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computed .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time. .
Granted , it is the person who told us the computer what to do that duly made the error. However, if that person knew what he should do , or later stated, he was able to do with a computer , he would not have errors. .
Mathematical models , theodies , etc. .
Are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do not know or can not predict .
Due to this, errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many 'value variables' , .
Secondly  computers have sometimes become more reliable than people. .
A computer 's circuits do not get tired and  if programmed 100% correctly ( another person's possible computation ) , never make errors .
Thus, supposed reliability has kept many workers out of work. .
The effects of this are unpredictable. .
Anger  frustration , fear  and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly  there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw this computer away or never use it again. .
Ye tuere are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also  curtailing some theoretical programming could limit alarming predictions or erroneous reraults .
The key is probable in the classeoom .
People should learn more about the ramification about what they are doing. .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science  ).
In either case  if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people' s lives .
A large  1-2, e.g.  sometimes as large as a small  IAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center, has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite dish , created in the late 20 years  has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part 1, it has treated the Information Ave.  as the later part of the 20th century  is often labelled .
Not certain about the date of its invention  it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today  amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Gurner recognized the use of the satellite , with his creation of XNN , the round - the - clock , round - he - would news station .
Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to believe first had information from the network  such as impeachments , coup d'etat or civil wars .
Decisions  of governmental autonomy  are being made  based on that night's news, CNN commentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprise, such as Naval and CORE, refer to CJN , created by satellites, did  on a daily bases .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood. .
This entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite is , subtitling the Information Age  with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980  had dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money pledged into creating videos  and the profits from viewership - have had a strong effect on the world economy. .
40% of U.S. millions were entertainers. .
The satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for cable TV and naval programs as well. .
The intelligence of an average teenager is weakening itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
Navap lrograms gave wasted, exceeding amounts of money in the United States  die to the satellite dish .
And one must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years  has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information age  which could be dangerous  and heightened an entertainer' s salary .
The park 's and cob 's of the satellite dish are numerous. .
The only observation which can be made  is that, by it, has altered people's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse. .
The discovery of the Atlantic energy , is undoubtedly true the most awesome, as well as tangible invention, not only of the 20th century, but of all time. .
In 1945, J. J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today, to the Atomic Bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had one object of such small size be able to take so many lives. .
For this reason  it is considered the most war - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately  with each progressive day  the world' s need for this dangerous energy augments .
For not only does it have the capacity to kill .
But also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the fanger .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories, we found the risk of contaminating our land  blowing lles in our sky , rendering our seas useless  and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives  we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use  we can escape harm .
Already, as a result of pollution and other various factors  we have hoels in our ocean layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It should be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confine and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants. .
The sadest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so. .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling. .
With the lack of respect for the planet, that is the general attitude of today  what is to become of our children .
The current situation of the word 's environment' is a bad one. .
It is also, however  a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately  the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible. .
This is why it is imperative to say today .
It starts with you .
Written by local journalist. .
An invention of this 20th century, which I think has significantly changed people' s lives, is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people' s lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people' s perceptions of the entire world. .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept, which no human is capable of doing without a machine or the concept of flying. .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own. .
One could travel by boat, but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather, also as noted above  it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel, people often had a very ethnocetric and limited concept of the world. .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain, and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited. .
I can admit that before I came to Spain, I was very ignorant about other cultures. .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures, I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand. .
The infention of the airplane as speedy doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of the airspace, the world has increased close contact between political systems  and international business endeavors .
The frequency at which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically opened up the whole postal communication system also. .
Life with airplans is more rapid paced .
Cara  telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effect on modern day life. .
We must remember  however  that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 19th century. .
Another major discovery of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women. .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ). .
As recently as the 1950s  it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home  housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 1970s with the Equal Rights Amendment  which filed 1984.
Even today  the woman is still only hearing something like 60 vents for every dolkar that a man hears .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It is only recently that we have discovered 'noun' , or begum, to think about ragher , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use here, to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down  so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a ' discovery' in progress, but it is a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Ohly, when women have achieved equality with men , will there ease to be a need for feimnism , and the discovery will have been completed? .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people' s lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment. .
Today  people gave become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear weapons. .
We realize that countries that which have many powers have the power to destroy the world. .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclea waste is not only harmful to humans, but it also killed animals and plants. .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers. .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes, with or being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nayure. .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending. .
Now  though  we recognize what we used  needs to be replaced .
For example, deforestation is a very big issue  many groups have formed to plant more trees .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively. .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling. .
This links 2 issues  one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of using what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those who wish to homes bbbs c. they receive money for their collections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy, it also is beneficial to the environment. .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy. .
In the past , once again  we assumed our energy was never ending .
Now, though, people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they are nor in their rooms  to not leave taps running and basically most to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment, but it is also saves money. .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life. .
We ate no longer able to kill animals rarely. .
We do still raise some for food, but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibility of extinction. .
Onizes that animals have rights to .
In conclusion  the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions. .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with. .
But we are heading in the right direction, and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed. .
Cokputers have definitely effected people's lives. .
I have a computer and my life had changed because of it. .
I am able to store almost all the information I used for school and for other things in my computer, whereas before I had a computer my desk was checked with paper and records of all sorts  I no longer need to keep these records, but only to transfer them to my computer. .
This jeans I am able to store more information in an organised fashion. .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer' s ability  I am still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I am also able to process and to exit things quickly. .
For example  without the use of a computer, I had to balance my checkbook one a month and add to this ww a calculator  a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course  this was very time consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer, I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make. .
Also  with the use of the Word Proxessor, I am able to edig and arrange documents with it, altering the entire document  and furthermore , though I have yet to use the communications program in my computer  this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father had the same program in his computer and is able to buy on online tickets, without leaving the house and, moreover, with not picking up the phone. .
Also  I realize that my experience with computer is limited and that the power of computers , for me  is incomprehensible .
I am nos here in Madrid. .
How did I get there? .
Well  I applied to the this program  was accepted  and flew here from the US .
But  we'd put the use of computers. I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University  no doubt you will be able to echo these sentiments, Madam Commissioner.
Instead  once I applied to the program - the application of which was probably computer generated - I assume my image was processed by a computer .
With out this luxury  the International Programs Office would inevitably inundated with paperwork  and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When booking my flight  though I did not do this myself  the transaction would seem impossible, minus the aid of computers .
Computerd have had a more significant impact on the people in the latter 1.5-2 of the 20th century. .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people' s lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas  images , hews , etc. .
Now  if something is happening in any part of the world -- from across to an all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hard accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ), now they can see it happening  or for themselves , as it is happening  this allows them to make their own  informed judgment about the event, and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately  while the emotions are still strong  and before the action is finalized .
As well  the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well  at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So  or example  people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion  this is one part of the process of making the work as a small venture  more unified place  or as global village , as one journalist has called this world of the information age .
On onoy, the news , but also entertainment, is an important practical function of television  through television, entertainment , as though literature and drama  people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions sent out to their ends  and understand the consequences of their actions  without having to perform the same action and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately, these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and had a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life feel the good guy always wishes  and always lives through dangerous situations .
However  this sense of reality is not so distorted  and so bidden  that people are going around acting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistent for centuries. .
Progress has love slow like the tidrs, and the constant rhythm of the waves have showed little changed. .
However, with the day break of the twentyth century, a storm has brewed. .
With this storm, the watchers have churned and spawned a wave that has crushed upon the rocks of every kitchem .
This wave is the imcrowave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionised a science like this. .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared. .
At the dawn of time , cave len coked animalk fksesh over open fires. .
As history progressed  slits and barbeues emerged .
Technologies saw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones, rueled by coal .
Modern times saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
All these things had one thing in common by FIRR .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the food of mankind throughout history .
However  the microwave uses radiation to activate water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in wild footsteps, but breaks away from convention and goes en route .
If this were not amazing enough , the kicrowave cut copking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use rire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitced , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the cheapest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works  can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave  whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The mice' wave is excellent for re - heating, making it easier for people to make access fold to be eaten later. .
Agaun time is considered -- Chileren are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting 2020.
For, as I have said before  there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing place of life that most of us lead in the 20th century. .
Throughout history, one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were embedded to create the microwave, which is essentially nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do. .
This service has been up one of our most important activities and this revolutionized life in the first paced 20th century. .
When I was in length grade, a teacher said that the 2 most important invention that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the fadio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship  propaganda .
In the 20th century, the amchine gnu has not changed all that many livers ( except for those that it 's killed ) , but the invention of rafio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through thr aie  waves  with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century, radio has become a source of information and entertainment. .
Radio keeps people informed .
I do not think any people of my generation can even comprehend how our lives would be different. .
Every morning I losten for the weather forecast and dress accordingly. .
At night, one can sit by the radio and head bow the events of the day unfolded. .
Rado , hence  gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years, but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident. .
Radio gives the ability to each majority more people  instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people' s lives. .
A typical day for a child in today' s world  consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
There have even been forms of entertainment , for example, videogames , made of this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.  V.
My señora , from example  is over 100 years old  and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world. .
She sits in front of it, all say, and it keeps her happy. .
Television offers soap operas  game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day. .
In short , I do not know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things. .
A current ideology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society .
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and we need to not do this one fails. .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday. .
T.T.V.  Comerciaos and T.v. programs project nodels of how he should be .
In the 20th century, c. 1775, the value of cn  the value that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America  nothing was ever equal .
And today , hence the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers, life for Americans moves at a much faster pace. .
People are more mobile  can work more , and by more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with T.V. . In America 1882, this growing individualistic society  one nobody else is the real life humanness between people  instead one sees the differences  the unlucky  the unsuccessful , and attribut their inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort. .
With everyone moving at sucy a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss  the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that be used are regulated .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak. .
There was a group of scholars in France  l'Acadekie Dranassais , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Acadwie Frontexais , all literature of the Neolassic period must follow the rules of privacy, which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issue .
Another standard held by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plug true to life .
Voltaire  as a Neoclassicist  new legal sense regulations and followed them in his literature .
However  when writing Candire  Voltaire defected the Acadmie 's rules .
Canide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners, so they did not want to stress on anyone' s toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or stay issue. .
In Vandide, Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on troes - in fact  he did hot mind smashing fest !
Goltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
The fold of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkey , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murderer while he was on too of her .
The wife, a woman, underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates  as well as experiencing rape .
After theron is caught breathing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candie stabs the Haron , a Jesuit priest , after the Baro fkrbids Candid's marriage to Chnegonde .
Ironically  although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly by Cunegonde and the old woman, both still their tales of being defiled, like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels, plus the Baron also continues his tale with styler after yelling of his beatings, and after Callide's kill the Baron . He leads to search for a satisfactory foundational wind instrument that could support masses of sound above it.
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candude .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from the church and state issues. .
He acts the Hippocracy of the church in the good Roman 's father, bring the Pope .
When Candide visited the land of Eldorado  Voltaire showed the people' s prefect relationship to God  they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire used this perfect relationship to hold in an unfealistic situation to foil society' s imperfect relationship with God in the real world. .
Voltaire makes fine of aristocracy in his description of the Baro , who came from 71 generation of nobility, but still lacks gentilesse .
Cancide and his companions, done with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society, places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldordo  Voltaire oils the imperfections of our society .
According to Lunde  35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Fields ' thesis. .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies. .
Most cases are those of the 'trugger' pling the finger. .
Today  racial prejudice still exist , but les actions has taken place than 30 years ago .
This year's ago  minorities could not ride a bus  vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragation deduced some prejufice , but it still exists .
The difference is  today, social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person. .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things, bail and return favor .
This is based on equality theory. .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person. .
Someone who lives in the north, who comes to live in the south, may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first. .
After living in the south fort a while  they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
This sake does for southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews. .
I know someone who has lived all over the world. .
He is prejudice toward Jews  Blacis , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in. .
Our country has been cooned as getting - pogspot, infring that we all come from different that, we all came from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneos Americans. .
But a person's heritage , as we are realizing  is important to their sense of self and community .
Eastern American cultures have been reviving and trying to establish roots that were once dropped off to a model U.S. century.
The differences they are rediscovering only add more color  flavor and excitement to that breaking pot out of our people. .
However  some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ). .
They do not want to accept these differences. .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans. .
As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night Series about indifference , it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ones, but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by viciously and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture. .
The gaumt of ethnic American literature is without borders. .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique' .
In many cases, the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different 'mothes' tongue, etc. .
For instance  Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual, partly because theor language is deeply rooted in the observation of the matural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisopographic or literary because their native language is so .
American American literature is often meldious and rhythmic, mirroring their similar achievements in jazz and blues music. .
All these examples ( and lore ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know. .
The stories told in this genre of literature  however  are likely the most important aspects of ethnic Algerian literature .
It is through the experiences of these characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States. .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they want through, we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American saves and of confederation camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference. .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors, there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American loterature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways. .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others. .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us. .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better. .
Most of all  it gives us more common ground on which to live  and grow  and prosper .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference.  This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country. .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable gas to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1-4 hours daily  the prevalence of violence in broadcast is a serious concern. .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ). .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent. .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime  psychological muederers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ). .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children. .
The V -1 chip is an electrical device that blocks any violent television shoes. .
Some people  such as the Senate Commerce Committee  are not satisfied with it. .
The Senate Commerce Committee approval bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so -called reporg card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it. .
This bill would likely to be broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1, 2006). .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows by the Senate V - Party , the House V - Chio , a Technology Fund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Vice Report Vard .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support. .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of 'playing piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy ' .
This NB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1, 2006). .
Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers. .
If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show. .
Many make soft television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advice  but how can parents actually watch television with their teenager? .
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 1995 season has concluded that sinisterombat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1, 2006). .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are  Teenage Nutant Ninja Turtles ' ,  Spider Man ' , and some  Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .
As for the show containing sinister combat violence , well, that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause for television violence is to add texture to the snow and not to poison children 's minds. .
The inflexible V -1 chip may stop some show from being shown to children  but on days that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it  rationally or not .
