It is difficult, anxious the question, 'What are you going to do in the future ? or if the only one who has to know it is in two minds?' .
When I was younger, I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do not know shy .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people. .
It is difficult because I will have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you will study it easily .
Maybe I'll change my mind . maybe not .
I think that public transport will always be in the future. .
The rich people will buy a car, but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi. .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your home car than travelling by car. .
Also , you'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to go shopping to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did not have a car, I used to use the boys to go to school and go back to my home .
In my opinion , a car is not necessary when you have crashed in the street . In that moment you realize the importance of public transport .
In India, we have various types of public transport like cycles , bikes , Far , trains and flights .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired pole, a mode of transport is chosen accordingly. .
But generally, travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trop that I have recently been to, and the place is ag. .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agrea .
We have stopped at hotles to have food and , just in case if any of us feel hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since 2009, we have the option to wait for anything we want to, when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train and flight ). .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap in the back seat and wake up fresh .
For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by plane is much more convenient .
My name is Sarag .
I am 17 years old. .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year's summer camps. .
I love children and I enjoy looking after them . I organized many sports activities before in school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing. .
I hope that you give me the chance to join you. .
Thank you.
My favorite sport is volleyball because I love to play with my friends. .
Volleyball is a sport played in many places . When I travel on the beach, I like playing with my sister on the sand and after that we go to the sea. .
It is very fun. .
When I was young, I liked playing with the ball in the playground with my friend, and I played using soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I am writing to inform you about some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example, Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla and Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit, For example , in Ladrid, you can visit Puerra dep Sol, Crespo Las Cibeles, etc. .
I visit Madrid twice a year. .
Every summer I visit Seville because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few blb because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want, I will look for a nut from you .
My best friend is looking for a person responsible for looking after, him he said. .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after her every weekend. .
You will be interested in this hobby .
Then you got your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I am looking forward to seeing you. .
Take care Lauhra .
Today, public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the future. .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in a mass transport system .
Also, people need to suffer high operating costs running their own car. .
But it can be a cheaper way of going to their destination, especially if it is far away from home. .
For example , I think that it is hot, affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travel to another country .
Instead, it will be common to buy an air ticket and air on public plane. .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do not have enough money to pay for a car, even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future, but people are going to see more the cars when bus or underground .
If we think about it, the car is better because we do not need to wait for them , we wait for this bus or underground bus on another way , plus it more money than public transport. .
By car, we can't just stay by ourselves, which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do not need to be around people that are unemployed, but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so, not translations are good, and the car can't be necessary to end up with the public transport. .
If I had to choose between both transportation,s I think I would probably chose cat because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus. .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a space to make compost in the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the scall .
In some strategic points of the building, we have special rashcrafts to separate the garage into organic paper and cardboard , cans and paper bottles, and we also make talks and preparations about the environmental problems, like global warming , pollution , etc. .
The manager of all this project is Liss June Zid , our science teacher. .
All these initiatives have made us all over the years a recognised ecological community. .
Goof mirning everyone today . I want to share my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . What do I choose ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world will love it so much! Examples include aggressive forms of distemper. The European Union regards it as being especially important that the UN Convention on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on Civil and Political Rights, and the basic standards established in the conventions associated with the ILO are applied in all their respects in Macao.
I believe that this all will delight us. .
By the way , my favourite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michadl was a little kid when he had a break and was to be a super hero. .
After many years, he still dreams of becoming a sports hero .
He started the University of medicine because he thought that this profession was the more dimilar to be a user hero .
Pasa some years at university and he met a girl called Kate, and he loved her and she loved him. .
Kate was chairing the University of Fashion. .
Then the two started to date. .
Michael and Kate were so happy until one day that Michadl says to him, dreaming of being a super hero . Kate gets so nervous, saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream, and that Michael was only dreaming, but that her hero did not exist. .
When he said that , Michael started to cry and she became mad , saying that he was lying and he did not have her .
He got so mad that he worked hard to get out of his apartment. .
When Ray , she said sorry, and they were happy again .
But when they get home , they fight again, and Michael gets a knife and kills it .
He cried with a lot of blood around him .
Michael ran away from there .
Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings about benefits in our lives .
For instance , we fake subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by air is more convenient than using public transportation , however it would cause more damage to our life and mark our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future our offspring .
Giving them a safe and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic could be worse than before. .
In my country , Tajpei , we are always stocked in traffic for about one hour in the morning. .
I can bot imagine if there is no bus or MRT how long I will take for school .
Dar is convenient for humans but it causes damage to humans also .
For example , carbon dioxide, which is created by cars .
It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life. .
We can see that there are lots of serious and common weather disasters happening in the decaded , such as typhoons , hurrocane , wild fire and kud slie .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped. .
If the film doesn't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments can be found more easily when this process starts right away.
The pleasure of traveling.
People go , people come .
Every day, lots of people travel abroad, but what is the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option to travel is by facing the plans .
But even when it is true that it is the faster motion , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the tri. .
However , the better option is to puck out a trail .
There is no comparison to watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away, some days, and the routine of some days. .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travelling too .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life, so we have many of knives for transportation . Now we travel by car, but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than half this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible.
In modern society , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
If a project could not be finished without co - operations .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around us .
More importantly , parents give our lives and they give us the knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , families play important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as tollows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way and we could also learn how, to make a meal from our parents .
Secondly , , families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to the families , the ideas would come to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation. .
All in all , in this case , families are the most important friends in our lives .
Comouting Technology has been advancing very much these past years , making the lod computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discovery .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting with the size of the computer . Old computers were much bigger than new computers. .
Old computers were used to occasionally an entire room . Now they only are the size of a box , even the size, of a book .
You can have a portable computer now and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but no one can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videos , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the computing technology and not only in 2 colors , but one thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is interconnection , where you can connect to other computer , download stuff , etc. via Ethernet cable or Quireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ). .
Gte reot m8.
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable. I spent the next two weeks looking for ways to make him subside. .
As I did not find anything , I went to the place he lived and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he cared about, So as I continued to go to his houses, I noticed he would always go to the same house, so I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a giro. He might be his friend, so it probably got him crazy. But as he did with me that’s true of many things in this truncated season.
But wait a minute, am I really so angry about making this ?
Yes, !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind, I did no longer have control over my actions . I was unaware of what I had become and what I would do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering with a loss and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my review the best review .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible and my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and vigger . I had made a distinction between I was going to do it if he dedicated 4 years of his life tooring me and not wanting me to be happy. I would like to remind everyone of Mr Metten's fine words about dismissing one of the candidates, or rather, abstaining from voting, but tomorrow or this afternoon he will be voting in favour again.
I am not completely agreement with this idea .
On the one hand, travelling by car is really much more convenient as it gives you the chance to tour to be independent .
On the other hand, high traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by road. .
My favourite spot.
I got to be a football player. .
For me , foothall is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television, I dream of playing in a big way and in a big Championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . He is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaleo won the Golden Ball in 2014. .
I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season. .
I played in, won a lot of leagues in football and won the bets championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all time in the UEFA Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player. .
I play football because I like, it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my death .
His dream is to become the next captain of a big tram and with a lot of money. .
My name is Jony .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology. .
I am 25 years old. .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children. .
I like personality childlike , so I like children. .
I had experience of holding a basketball competition when I was a student. .
I planned many interesting activities in order to make the competition alive. .
They enjoyed the game. .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and working .
I always sing to people. .
I really want to join this mob. .
I want to play with children and see their simple all day. .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world. .
I am also a hard worker. .
I have a passion for this job. .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response . Thanks .
Public transportation has been more used by people, and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe, but some people prefer cars to an extent. Do we agree with and what are our reasons for doing that? That is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay.
about 40 years, there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars, so in those years there were hot, even good, facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . In about 10 years , cars, trading became visible and also became very supported by having their own farms at the beginning. The faced with a lot of problems, but they were able to solve it by the end.
Nowadays, all facilities for travelling are more convenient , from cats to buses, even trains and planes. Some people prefer cars because they do like crowded laces, or because they find it sometimes cheaper, but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster, but when it comes to travelling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chioling out from crowded places.
To summary , it is different from some one's opinion to another. I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more, that by the end, cars will disappear and will will no longer be used.
The topic itself, explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and with low - budget private cars in picture 1.2. scenario drastically changed in the past 10 years.
development of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth. .
A large scale of investment was brought for biofuel development. .
Meanwhile , it bolst economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Groas Doimestic Product ( GDP ). .
If you are living in a big town or small, it does matter, but one thing should be taken care of by the people and organiser of the town is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue in today’s .
The government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down. .
However, we, the people, have a really important part in making it worse. .
Active and a good government understands the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people. .
Recycling it can be a good step to start with a clean and safe environment, which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city. .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government. .
People do not realize that cutting trees can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere. .
Eventually, humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or presentations to increase the awareness of a clean , safe , fresh environment in the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighboring cities to take part in cleaning up the environment so on day it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite post. .
My favourite sport is football .
In our school or village football stadium, I spend a lot of time every day. .
Usually I play football with my classmates. .
Before training, I tan 1 - 2 kipometres and my legs get power and my body feels energy. .
One team has a board - working coach and he gives professional advice to us on how to improve our football skills .
His main words, though, must work and work very hard if you want to get high results. Part I
I can say that a coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
The first place was getting by us. .
We have achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in games such as Skhatr or Dynamo .
Football is my life. .
I want to give advice to someone who starts, thus spoet, because you must believe in yourself. .
Hello my friend. .
What is up?
Hoa are yoj ?
How was your day today?
It is really nice for you expressly to - mail yesterday. .
You regret that you were not there with me . I will try to describe everything precisely because I know that you really
Dear Paul ,
I have seen you once in the academy newspaper and I am quite interested . I have no plans for this summer, so I think it is a good idea to speed it up.
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English. .
Although I came to Spain ten years later, so I could speak with them in Spain if it was necessary. .
Also , I assisted a basketball coirse for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time ago , however I still keep the ethics in my body. .
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the either paddle - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day, and I did not forget it because I felt sonderful .
All the members congratulated me as well .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I am a very responsible , kidnapper and funny person. .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job or the work for me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I am not going to disappoint you. .
Best wishes Julia .
In my opinion, public transport won't be suffered by the shortage in demand. .
Because everyone is afraid to by their own cat .
Besides, there are lots of low income people who can not own their own car. .
So I think public transport' s future is bright. .
What does 'family' mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where your best friend can calm ease, order, and get to know each other .
In Taiwah , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old . The point is if you can not survive . I mean, you do not have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do not know well as any members of my family , I don't trust them honestly .
I like Newfoundland because there are many islands. .
By the way , we can have cool weather .
In Malaysia the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That’s shy. I order all of you to go there and meet these people and have a time their own foo .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like key chaisn , statues , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand but believe me it is a very beautiful place. .
If I give sustenance I would go there and bring all of you .
I live in Lentino , a small city in East Sicily .
The local council hasn't a project for the environment. .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black chalk .
Although the Council has begun to do something , the people are not committed to the problem .
Afound the city , you can find many places where people throw frigo , kitchens , soup amianto, , old things or furniture .
What a pity! .
The suburbs of Kentini could be wonderful. .
There are large trees , a large lake and Etna in the background. .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me. .
We never played in the park or we talked about our tatses , music , noise , we lacked a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager, I began to like situations that I did not like . For instance , the girls said me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I experienced the worst moments in my life. .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one new schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that this day was one of the worst days of my life. .
They noticed I was crying because I felt that I had not got any friends. .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday, and they invited all my cousins and together went to meet Pisza and gave me a lot of presents. .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me. .
Nos , my husband is my best friend. .
He is the most important person in my life. .
He has always been with me. .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Hoth like to travel around the world and to do some sports , food, example , tennis , running or trekkimg .
We like eating TV series and cooking several desserts too. .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier day by day. .
A busy life is always compared to using the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made the public transportation systems long beyond motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS .
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person. .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children. .
I am sure that I will look after children very well. .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I am thinking up the idea of if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting for your answer. .
Hi Sam.
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it is very interesting .
I am learning a lot, and the residents are very friendly. .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam and it is very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying life now , I will do it .
The lessons are very fun .
Cear Sir or Madam, please.
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying .
I love English and I am a lovely, , energetic and hardworking person, I have recommended paper from.
My last company. .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified. .
Besides, I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application. .
I am looking forward to hearing from you. .
Sandra Barrientos.
This technology has changed people' lives very much. In fact, we can think now different our life respect, either to our parents or our grandparents' lives . For example, my parents did not eat their domesticated reindeer (although they did hunt and eat wild reindeers) but kept them for milk.
Although the fact that personal behavior like cars will now be popular in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy, For trade manufacturing , this source of energy is not always maintained at a constant level , but someday it will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources : lime, nuclear, electricity , wine, power , public transportation such as electric metro, or this kind of energy. .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these types of energy . Travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a private car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas it will become much more convenient .
Commuting travelling using public services will be the first priority choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , serious pollution .
In some respects , these problems are lewd by the over - use of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time in traffic jams or to gradually kilping themselves from breathing pilluted .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation. .
Each person should practice saving when using a source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public services for travel have a bright potential, and its importance in the future' can not be replaceable.
Hello Alex , how are you?
Aer yoh free for weekend had yoi ant pkans .
Me and my friends go to the Cibema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested in me at 8.30 clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you, Helen, for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these types of book. .
I went to the temple in the morning, fooled by lunch at the hotel . After in the evening, went to the bench .
In conclusion, it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel to better education prospects and a stable environment for the younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , Economic stability is affected as a result of the lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of Brazil - draun should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimension and a rational pattern for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation, but focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There is not too much oxyfen at the top of Everset to breathe easily.
Kordan Romefo bas turned 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010. .
Moynt Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The tip was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953. .
My friends and I watch programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes , I prefer etc .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I dance in the parties with my friends .
They listen to music and can sing .
It is very good. .
Json is my friend . He is drunk, and also dances with his girlfriend .
Joes is the best song he is singing and talking about in the party .
Another person is Gngel . He does not dance in all place. .
He preferred studying at home .
Heklo Something .
My name is Steven, and I am 14 years old . I live in Vermont .
At the moment I am visiting the Secondarg Modern School .
I am in grade 8. .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything. .
For example, there is a girl in my class . She is beautiful. .
I love her appearance .
Her eyes look like the sun .
But she ignored me. .
I hope I can forgive her. .
Run for your life.
My favourite sport is rub .
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it makes me feel as if I am running on air and my feet do not gently touch the ground between the striddings. .
My favourite place to run is in the frontest, but I like to do sportive top. .
I am looking at a reel. The ground under my feet is soft, so soft, not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city streets. .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little less faster. And there would be no better way for him to prove that progress is being made under his watch than ending Liverpool’s unbeaten run at Anfield in the Premier League stretching back to April 2017.
In my opinion , television can be educational whether you are watching the news or a show about World War .
Of course , it is important to choose the right television shows .
If you're watching Gompert Jerry it surely will have any educational value. .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen, he would be prepared because he has been killing Walkiny Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in the case .
Today, I want to write about my job. .
I am a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job. .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects. .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not all redmunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the past few years, forensic biology has developed many aspects like better senzibility , robustness of results and less time required to analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool. .
Here there is one thing to do . Television offers highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way. .
From my experience knowledge , I believe television covers both entertainment and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes have broadened young children' s horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes such as cooking , science and technology .
It also noted educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should do in the future, and what knowledge our next generations are required to acquire .
Apart from educational content , there is so much foul content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens won't be able to tell right from wrong. .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is, the Sailor 's restaurant.
Here we can at typical Italian food .
The last time I was here I ate the best pizza that I have ever heard in my life. .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea. In fact, the walls are decorated with a lot of shelk and the waiters wear like sailors. . I think that it is a great idea. .
Also , it is perfect for our class because there is a lot of space, so we can sit all together at the same table .
The owner is a very odd person, and I am sure how he makes us a convenience office. .
No future for public transport .
Public transport is the best way of travel , so it has a future .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to heat, to work or to go shopping because it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change. .
So if people were aware of this subject, would not use it on their own .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all, you need to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the assistance council tax , ad mechanic bulls , and so on. .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do not have to drive, and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down, it is not your responsibility .
Brisides public transport pollyte less than cras .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future and the more people use it , the more future we will have .
I am your employee to serve in your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment. .
But pay is a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students, completing summer homework , corresponding homework , diligently assisting the instructor . The instructor helped organize handouts instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students but also to clean the classroom hygiene hare , but I had nothing to complain about .
I work hard two months pay a lot .
Your wage is paid much lower than I expected . I want a little higher salary payment of 300 yua more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that the government has to hell public transport . For example , buses , trains , metro and more , for the only one reason to the quality of life against pollution .
Traveling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for search, parking, or the cost of fuel and also maintenance costs .
In gig cities , public transport works well because there is gold feedback by people. .
Instead, in small cities , it can not be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it is not convenient to invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tj Swyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to finish Tpm because sometimes Tom die, not go to school. .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Hick, who they met a lot, and Tom exchanged a fick for his teeth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky, so mom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden, and Tom kissed Becky. .
Tom tells her about another girl, so she goes mad and he ignores Tim. .
Tol was so sad because Becky did not want to talk with him , so mom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks. .
When Tom saw his house, he snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him. .
So the next day, the people of the gown went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom opened the door and it in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom. .
The next day, Huxk went to TPM 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill, so the two boys considered it an adventure .
So they went to the misteeious house and there they were inside the hearc voices so Gom and Hick were hid and they saw that Uncle Jod was the one that was talking. .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure by stopping at Injui Creek.
Hi Jo .
Thank you for your message. .
I will do my best to answer your question. .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese ' ryotri, ' and ' uzakaya' , .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skills with them. .
Recenfly Maybe South East Adians have studied Japanese in Japan, while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills in Japan, they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. .
He was at Srah 's house when suddenly he felt all the bathroom was dirty and went to his house. .
So he went back to Safah 's house and cleaned all the bathrooms , but Searah already knew that he kept the bathroom like this, so before Midhael entered the bathroom, she saw said, 'So I know what you left there!' and Michael went running to the bathroom. .
Hi Julie .
My school is located in the centre of the city of Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendships and the quality of education. .
I like my math teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand. .
Good Morning Americans
This is an idea about my favourite sport . I have been swimming, since I was a child, because I always enjoy it a lot, and what is more, I can do it alone . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and lose in summer , of course .
I do not have friends who like swimming almost like football or similar tennis ports and I always go alone . It is not boring for me anymore . I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me or I haven't watched anybody. .
I said that because when I was seven , my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation, he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shelter, cleaning her long hair . I hate that !
Luckily, the operation was fine and she left to come with me and from that day I have been on my own .
Swik is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are not many people in the poop , but sometimes there are children, and I do not like it so much because they like disturbing me. But sometimes it is amusing, too. .
I would recommend to people who do not know how to swim to learn because I am pretty sure that they like it and stated they can stop swimming .
I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
It is not just a hobby , it is more than that .
Dance is a possession , a type of life .
When I am dancing, I forget all my problems except my stupid companions that they do not understand anything. .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or act to show something to the public , it is something that is important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you'll keep practising all day until you can .
If you are tired, does it not matter , because you like what you are doing?
You'll get up early to go dance , or do dance classes .
It does not matter if you go to sleep later or do not sleep ...
That is a joke you must sleep .
If you love dance , you'll understand me .
members of my family. .
I love my family , my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog, Its name 's Chete . It is a golden retriver .
It’s a lover dog , he knows his feeo .
My oldest sister, her name is Cinthya . She is really weird to me. .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me. .
Also, I have a brother, His name is Joseph Louis, He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dad are good guys .
Actually, I prefer to pass my time alone . I work in the town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi, Mrs.
Kate Ahby, 32.
How are you ? I hope you are well .
To work in our office, you have to speak English, . Of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokides or hrownies , the most popular foods of this year. .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who will impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready for world lost hours because our cafe is going to open every day .
That's all used you sold.
kissed .
Fer
We think that in the future, the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappearing and that we will be having winters .
In 30 tears, we will have changed our anatomy and we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the northern poo will have melted totally .
The temperature will become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive. .
technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying on streets and computers will have totally changed. .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life. .
I can't imagine my lifetime without friends. .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think. .
Just start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you are going to make friends .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it. .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's others .
Just try , it won't cost you much !
Gold day .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Football is one of the most beautiful sports ever, and I have been playing the sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows .
1-4 make me fit and healthy.
2- classy game, no friction between players.
3-4 it exercises all the muscles of your body.
Regarding the above, I advise all rooks to start doing this sort of thing and they will get many benefits .
However , adults, can do it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of Villeneuve , we totally care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday we do a nutritional cooperation session where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty pitch , sweep rubbish, then we bury rubbish .
We recycle organic rubbish too .
First , inorganic , we can make bags , hats and other stuff. .
The true can spell an apt income .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of souls , the ones who makes the earth rotate around its self and around the sun .
What we believe as Muslims is that we have been created by one who does not have others with him , the one who crested of our father ( Adam ), are created from him ( Evw ) and they were in the Paradose and instructed to not eat from the tree, but the Satan decive them so they grought to this life and generations cams from them and set the prophet and messengers ( Mosed Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. (who they worship the same ine ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to God who will follow this truth, which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths, which it will guide us to the hell so because of that we are here to do the truth in this short life. .
Transportation is the head of any city, whether it is public or private. .
Nowadays , people offer their own vehicles rather than.
Public transportation today Nowadays folks are more crazy about their own vehicles, which leads to the future of public transportation.
Firstly , I agree with given statement that there will be tough times for public transportation in the near future, because people want privacy as well as freedom, which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly, the mode of transportation covers.
As much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged transportation, who travel by public transportation, As a consequence , generally, people avoid travelling by public transport. Finally, I can say that there are many modes of transportation available
To competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travel like any private company.
Which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the governments . As a result of this , consumers get more benefit, like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling. In addition, many automobile companies providing e-bikes, or even standard models, which allow people to use them and more private vehicles. .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely Corgi dogs. .
I kept many people in the park. .
I never thought about it , people got so many of them .
In the park, time in the park is pretty busy, even though the peak is huge.
Some people are very friendly the same as their song .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to both dogs. .
Family is the most important institution of social life. .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother have to guide his tram to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life. .
Usually, there are generation problems , sons do not understand parents and vice versa , but dialoging and listening to emotions and fafts , everyone can have another point of view .
Larents must give rules to underline links in social behaviour, but also listen to others ' points of view to Ri - arrange and modate his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone's move contributes to family duties .
Recently, I saw the thriller Mokini, Part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understand it. .
The first movies were amazing !
There is a lot of action dramas and romance .
The fans of this series had been wanting his movie Science, that The first movie appeared was in 2012 .
I do not think that this movie is fair all the family because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion , I think it is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in this first movie were perfect and I think that in the next movie they will put double effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last protest, Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours. .
When I have had a very bad and stressful dag, I can relax by doing karate , because it is the kind of spot that it is not very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget tour problems , to forget your training routine .
In my opinion , it is very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
Apart from that, Marate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , balance, even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture. .
For someone who starts, Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can't live .
Today, topic is technology. .
Nowadays , we use technology in event areas , from education to making clothes . We use technology everywhere and anywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development. But today's generation is influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities. .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short - stopry competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a fee in order to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately, he had a lot of friends who could leave him. .
He told me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition. .
He took the money . The second day , he finished the registration and started writing the story after a long time writing and did good . He went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled he came back very sac and told me that happened. . Michael H. Zurlo is the current Sheriff, winning the election to succeed Bowen in 2013.
Travelling by cad is not so much more convenient unless it is so much, much more comfortable , but actually we do not think about the pollution of our planet .
Traveling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I can't sit down because there's n't any chance for me. .
On the other hand , in the future, maybe we will have a bus which has a chair for everybody and I would not have to stand up .
Another transport mode is a taxi , like a car . It is so much more comfortable too, but it is more expensive than the bus or train. .
The VE or aeroplans are a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future, should have a bus so it is more comfortable .
Nikais19.
5 May 2020
Dear Sir Dimada ,
I am writing about a problem in my city. .
I live in Patas, a big city in Greece. .
In my city, all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing. .
The vandalism in parks has increased a lot. .
Unfortunately, when we pay somebody to not draw the walls, they do not hear us. .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Paris , the same thing. .
Patdaas is very beautiful, cute and for her culture and for her monuments .
Why see that abaser thin ?
After we have this beautiful city, we have to maintain her .
In my opinion, the police should stop the vandalism. .
If it has prices all around the city, nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem. .
Yours faithfully. .
Jesysyka, Stavrox. 3.
All around the world, pupils are waiting to finish school. .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults. .
But when they reach in - between period 1, confused feelings cross their mind .
As a rule, after the last example, they do not know what university to choose. .
What they will do in the future is like a fog .
In this way , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly, it will allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work study in period 1.
Tej or eleven years at school makes them third , even pupils do not notice it. .
Choosing the second exucation is a very important step , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly, such seat off would give future students a chance to try themselves in new professional spheres. .
Also, they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer activities .
And thirdly, they might work to earn money or travel .
This year 's holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new power for future education. .
One year is not a long time .
But revenues after year will be obvious. .
I live in Sah Miguel Almologan . This is a village in the municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the State of Mexico . Care of the environment is very important, and in my village they take different actions in the face of this .
People collect trash from their houses and wait for the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village. .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that is on the kioisk , the church or in the principal places in this village .
Deser Sir .
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts and if it is possible to date exactly because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do not live in Cork , so I would be grateful if you could send me details of the accommodation that you offer in this course. .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for every different option ? .
It would be useful if I could live with other students because it is a good way to learn a language as well. .
First , let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Yours sincerely .
Rlsa,
Pefer looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the convertions of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very prexious thing from Mueeum tonight. .
He did not have much time to prove their plan and he could only wait to let it happen. .
It is his turn and it is his duty too to save Tom 's history. .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbour's robbery plan. .
Police reached Muweum and caught thieves in red haned .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains is for convert and low expenses , also to decrease the carbon gases which affect the ozone . People should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the ecobooks and environment . Governments should encourage the people to use the other ways of transport this subject shall be issues in all media to lead and encourage the People to use their right way from transport. .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are sell .
I am writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday. .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week with my boyfriend. .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day I visited Mewndro del Melero .
It was beautiful. .
And there was a wonderful view. .
The other day I walked a lot and at the end of the way we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It was so spectacular. .
On the wedding day I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning and in the afternoon we met in the restaurant with other people. .
However , in the Might we had dinner in a yaraje and there was a party all night .
You should visit Los Hurdes . It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things. .
And the people are very nice. .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world. .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at the early age of 18.
They use at least one hour to learn English a day. .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That is a good phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , English is of great significance , but English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye. .
English helps us read English works , but Chinese helps us learn the Xhina .
Obly by characters, Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
Kearning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is learned its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I went last month to a fantastic restaurant called Wooylpools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its bkg bugruers. .
Woolypoosl is a specialist seal . It is a real restaurant .
In my opinion, the restaurant can be better respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place it is tar from the people and cities and the spacer , that is very small for lots of people. .
In this field , we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on. .
For example , a person or a vift, especially if it is from your best friend .
Once I got sick and stayed at the general hospital and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower, I have it ever. .
In my town , we created a small organization to maintain the environment and to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this . The Citizens will take the responsibility for specific actions to clean up the kind and part of the debris left by contractors who were resurfacing decks and upgrading backyard patios.
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time. .
It is horrible, having a person behind you all the time , you don't have a life , not peace , but happiness .
In addition, all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless, the journalists stay at the time having a photo , all the time , when they aren't drinking , happy , sad . How is your love life and with whatever story , if they stay with something important, what do they buy ?
This is terrible . You do not have privacy authority, society has a blale because if they do not take a photo, our followers the lives of famous people border .
So that politicians still still support it because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the feward with what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning. .
How were you?
Come here .
Get it done .
Get in to the room .
Get on to business .
Let us talk .
Let us play card. .
Let us sleep .
Let me in. .
Leg me go. .
Let me see your photos. .
Let me watch your house. .
Let me allow you to enter your cabin .
Forgive me . .
Bring that yoy .
Bring a glass of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
Stop shouting do not shut up .
Let us bath .
Once upon a time , one little was called Prnny . He was really small compared with the others. .
He hated to be like that because most of the attacks jade out of him until one day something horrible and indivitable happened. .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them in the underground. .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one could find one . They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it became a big earthquake. .
Penhy was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn, all of them go out , so they sacred ungil, they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the wedding but no one found anything .
Like they were very religious and they preyed on their scarred ancestors so they could help them in the big deal. .
Something that they did know was that the whole thing was a movie. .
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watched the events all the time. .
One day, Lenny discovered it and got to tell it to his queen , the Queen, knowing that she was very confused , but at the same time , she got mad and she wanted vengeance. .
So, they made a plan to display all ...
The next day, when they were about to start filming, there were no ants there, so they searched for them but they could n't find them. .
At that moment, the ants and Penng attack them on their backs , making them to leave the place .
The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the desert .
No one attacks them again and they live happily ever after. .
I have many favorite spots. .
One of them, I am keeb on playing basketball and I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball at least thirty minutes per day. .
After a hard drink at university, I go home and then I go to the stadium to pay it. .
One thing makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport. .
Basketball has many benefits , not for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind. .
Besides , it also helps me keep weight and get in good shape .
I really like draw.
Why about playing it? .
When I have free time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning. .
Sometimes I play it near the sports centre .
I go back home and have a speech when I finish it. .
Basketball is an outdoor activity. .
That is the reason why basketball is my favorite sport. .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of the population , agricultural land flrest and often been used to destroyed to build more concrete and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of problems which may lead to this phenomenon .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that alcohol alkl, The present day , cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation, and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce. .
Additionally , people continues, destroy more agriculture and forests in order to satisfy all their needs , which will distort the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity, especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above , various approaches that governments should be adopted to deal with this problem, as walls , reducing building structures from now on , planging more trees instead .
Suwtainadle development should be awaness to all humans and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals. .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problem should be worked out to resolve before it works, and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays, languages are very important and more English .
This is not my first time studying English. .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I have never spoken and learned so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language. .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity, I said yes .
The car is not the easiest way to transport , because it causes pollution . However, public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can carry many people without problems. .
Nowadays , in the cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subwau , trains etc. These options are more economical than the others . The problem of the car is that , normally the case is occupied by a person when the card is prepared for to carry four or five people .
This situation creates pollution for the environment , so we have more conscience for the planet 's health.
I want to say something about the warning of the English language . is hard to get to me for the next reasons, namely.
First response, though, the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish language , my native language .
That I want to say it is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the veeb 's in Spanish Languaje . Just imagine the same buy, not in your native lentuaje .
Second lesson in English syntasis , the structure for constructing paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always , which is the ruler .
Is the antone ?
The third reason is
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game. .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country. .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won their first world cup and that changed the direction of the air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game. .
I love this game because my favourite sport may be this game. .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramwish Tendulakar, known as little master .
Whenever I play the game , I always follow this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me, but also every Indian always follows Dachin food crivket .
When he was 18, 18, he played his first game for Indiana. .
He is the first player who played 200 tests .
He has any achievements like first 200 in one day, etc. .
I love the way he played. .
For a nuance , first, they have to decide what they can do better : batting or bowling .
If the person wants to become a bowler, then concentrate on running action , stance, and, of course, batsen need concentration on long and bat coordination , eye and water coordination to discover some shots which become key factors in batting .
Also watch videos of the best players like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc. .
As health is an important factor in every sphere, we also need to improve our health .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear you are going to visit my country. .
I am looking forward to this. .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country. .
All this is to have an impressive time. .
The weather is neither hot nor cool all year yoy bye n't brung to wear clothes because you fan bug in here .
If you want to travel to this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university in 2020.
This is a modern city. .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There are many local forms that are very popular. .
You may like this. .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together. .
When you have played enough in this city and you want to find a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job. .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college. .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you do not have much time here. .
You should consider my advice. .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It is because swimming is really fun .
Also, I think we can keep our bodies fit and it can make the people who swim freely cool when it is on a hot day. .
The advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of foreigners , otherwise they are not dear and also , when age becomes older it will be more difficult to learn little .
So this is the advice that I give to them. .
Drar Camp, director. .
My name is Sider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper .
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monitor in the free Tile and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
Neither do I have problems with working in a kitchen . It will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age 18, evening activities are not a problem for me and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , baseball , .
Waiting for your answer Eoder.
The city where I love is a small village. .
Also, residents take great care of the environment. .
Oragnized share , where everyone cleans up the waste .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers. .
Thus , helping to protect our environment, to make it clearly safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
In my village there are trash cans so that no one throws debris on the ground .
There are several places where you can organize bonifres , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all the garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , Aldo on the roof of the primary school was set the batteries and the whole school used solar energy instead of electricity. .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , and residents participate in them .
Wysycy residents of my village try to so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation. There are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always drip by to get passengers . That takes more time than expected to travel .
Secondly , the public transport routes are farther than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and has no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and for the advenurer who want to have an exciting trailer for time to see more attention .
Like looking outside or sight seeing to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this, I also admire the bullet trail in Japan , which I consider the fastest and most safe public vehicle known. .
To sum it up, I still consider having your own car to be way safer and more convenient. .
public future unless they have projects to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger.s .
As far as I am concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extracting the minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown. .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if developed equipment were set .
Next to go will be the extraction of the valuable minerals , which will definitely lead to air pollution .
Three has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the material .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented. .
Last week, to the least the mineral extraction will turn out to be found inflyence , especially to one 's offspring .
To take my friend , Tayor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an id place when she was a child. .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , he has no brief memory of her childhood .
And the problem is that some people will consider the mob opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before. .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and imstances above , the disadvantages of extracting the valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the rods would cause the disappear of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming. .
Globao warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the ice chips melt .
The longer we carry our heads in san , the warmer the eargh will be .
I learnt English to improve the general quality of my sentences. .
I do not believe in it , especially when cases are only flying .
Even if it happened, there were many people who could not get far , because it is too expensive , not only for buying, but for fuel , service and so forth. .
Buxes are more simple - you just bug a tickety .
And what about trains?
I saw it about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport. .
I did see a blue sky and not a stream of stars like it was in the film The Fifthlement.
Brandin Ackie.
Parliament House.
Cambera ADT, 25089.
The 26th of March 201.
Chief Executive Officer.
Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza.
Dear Cadlos.
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this mistake . We have a confusion about the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed at the end but I that the order was not in advance, we could only finish 5 pieces. .
Since the units were sold in inventory, but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it . We will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible. .
We hoped to keep preferring us. .
Yours Sincerely. .
Brandon Maxkie.
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I'm from Malaysia . I'm an energetic, , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are cafe by me all the time when parents are busy with their works. .
During school I liked to play volleyball and I am an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with other school. .
This is my favourite sport. .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and cool hands in the kitchen. .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply for the Simmer Camo job with my full commitment .
Contemporary art is a very controversial issue nowadays. .
There are many sources and creators as well as themex .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible. .
Luckily, the most expensive art still belongs to the old like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art piefes are being sold at auctions around the world for extraordinary high prices .
Expetimental art has taken the world of art by surprise. .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would not be possible to stop. .
So now we have many choices and an infinite amount of information available at any given time. .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how attists create .
This sort of day will be held at Kwai Young Sports Ground on 12th and 13th November 2020.
The weather was partly cloudy. .
I got there by MRt. .
I arrived at the sports round at 740 a.m. This year I have in the 00-metre race .
On the first day before the sport's day begins , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the rorch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sport's day began formally. .
At 10.45 a.m. 12.30 the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started. .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal. .
The teacher called my name twice, and he told me to stand in a different place. .
So I knew that there was someone whose name is the same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was reunning I had my homemates chesring and the wind passing my face .
Those few were very comfortable and made me feel relax. .
In the end , I got under 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is both a great result , I have already tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
My house, which got number two temporarily. .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to get the championship .
On the second day , my classmates asked me to take part in the Inter 4-2 class relay race. .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running. .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5.5 seconds is the first of the race. .
I implicated my class from winning the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the championship next year. .
But there is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and, unfortunately, we are harming the environment and the world. .
It is best that all people go to the place walking or running . On the other hand , it is healthier .
There is nothing wrong with going to place in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by air is so much more convenient, but I disagree that there is no future for public transport. .
This is commonly - febated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world alone .
When tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on outposts , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants. .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world. .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel was assigned to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multiannualals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the ideas of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly, , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in the growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria in which the economy relies merely on tourism. .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How It Is is generally considered to mark the end of his middle period as a writer.
At a small sale in cities in a way which will allow citizens and tourists to teach imports, places more effectively .
At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way on land , on sea or aid .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations. .
One upon a time, there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with his boyfriend and her 3 daughters. .
The queen was the mom, James Amanfa . 25 years old . The herders killed her parents because the herds were poor and did not have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named Nohn . 27 years old . His dad died because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
He'd finished because some thought or someone had dragged her off of the leg and dropped it in a cave where other animals saw her. .
They died when John was too little to remember, and he never knew what happened , so he went to all the places he saw them even he walked and walked even in reverse, but he never found them. .
The 3 days are so different, from the others .
This first one sees Amanda junior lay her hair like she is a cheetah . She received a much-deserved ovation at the song’s end. She loves to run, and she is the fastest of the family and has a lot of fun. .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter, named Elizabeth, is a leopard, is the most intelligent of the family and the eldest of the daughters. .
I am 12 years old. .
Another animals gave them rrwards or bombs because she discovered that water was liquid .
The lay daughter was Asna, who was the youngest of the family, is a jaguar .
We stay sleep in bed and do nothing all day. .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked. .
One, the animals went with Ama and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something else than stay sleep .
The end .
Hello friends .
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole next year. .
Maybe I found something for you, but when I was on this bus returning home, I read a journal with time advertisement. .
There is a nice flat near my home, so it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year. .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with a shower but without a bath, and a cool loving room .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is really cold weather. .
Write to me soon.
Alessa.
Huello Rile about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love you. .
Last night I made a decosion. .
I think that I should give up your music classes. .
You have classes since you were nine years old, and you already know how to play pjano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in hours of free time you can still play pajano without going into classes. .
This is my opinion, but the decision is yours , so when you decide it , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love Ines .
Hey, my name is Joe and I am 21 years old, and I'll think it would compliment the summer camp very well because of my good manner and I am very open to the kids so they can open up and speak. .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I'll do everything as a doctor can. .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves then they can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like injuries and small injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June past year .
I had an ex. .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous. .
Then I revize this as at home before going to school as at school , before beginning exam .
When I started to read the trucks, I fell agitates, and I thought that I was not able to finish and pay that test. .
But when I finished before time, I was happy and relaxed. .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that. .
And this is true. .
I passed that test. .
Hello Charlie .
I really enjoyed hearing from you. .
Congratulations your sister for your prize. .
I would like to go to a new article on competition , although in my city there are not a lot of competitors of this kind . If I did have a possibility of going , I'd already spent the tickets .
My favorite is so short.
When I was three years old, my parents went skking with me. .
At the beginning , I went to the childgarden and they taught me to go skiing. .
It was a lot of fun because I could not adopt it. .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime, my parents took me with them and we drove together. .
My father took me with his knives because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was older , I could get better . My dream was NOTSNOWBOAEDING, B.C., but I should learn to ski perfectly like my parents. .
Later, when I was 16 years old , my dream got tried .
I went for my first time snowboarding and I loved it. .
I took every free minute to ride snowboarding .
That was the story why I went snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding because you feel free when you are driving down the pistes .
You are like a bird. .
It is the best feeling in the world. .
You are very nappy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect. .
That is everything I want to have and I am lucky. .
That is why I look at winter more than summer. .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts. .
Although you are at the time in nature and when you are lucky , you can see animals. .
It had been a very long and trying day but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called her a couple of times. .
He started working very quickly.
Everything was dark. .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was black skin. .
A dark sky without stars. .
She got up and looked around. .
She was in a parg of the woods where she used to go to think and relax. .
She stayed to take consciousness, although she could not remember how she arrived there. .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place. .
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind. .
She fell fell asleep again , didn't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
If she was not awake , why did she not remember anything after that? .
This situation, was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get hone and go back to sleep. .
She started to walk to clear her mind. .
He knows her way even in the dark, like she had gone to the shop a lot of times , especially in the last few weeks. .
The development of human aid in technology is seen everywhere. .
In the case of transportation technology in the twenty first century, we have various options , like plans that can fly with the plane , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than ancient time. .
Although compared to ancient to me, we are lucky enough that we have all these options. .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all of the , I will say plane .
There are three reasons to choose them .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours. .
As a result, people can save time. .
Second, is safety . Compared to other,s the chances of accidents are less .
That makes it easier to travel by plane rather than train or boat. .
That one is comfort level .
Plwn is much more comfortable than both trail and boat. .
In conclusion , I will say that the public will be my first choice in all of the measures of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level , that make plans my first choice. .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university to save money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who attended high school .
Young people want to discover the world and travel to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise.
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was at the beach all afternoon. .
I spent it with my parents and my foster. .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of people in the Ebach .
This water was very cold, and I could not swim , so I played football on the sand of the beach .
I took the sub for a very long time and then I went to a cage and and drank refreshment. .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family. .
No future for public transport ? Is this a claim or not ?
Will we see on our roads public transport for 5 or even 10 years ? That is a really interesting question?
I think that it all depanes from development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by far. .
Yes , I agree . If you plan to travel for a long time and for a 'long time' you would prefer to do it on and , of course , first you'll spend less time , your travelling will be comfortable , you'll have a possibility to stop every walk and for 'a long time' , as you need .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that this is a question for everyone , and the answer can not be one for all , because someone can use public transport , and the economy by this not only for money , but the environment , but some people do not like to use PT , , because they spend more time travelling, or they simply do not look to trabell with another people .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years, public transport will be crossing our streets with enough passengers.
Heklo Lara .
Thank you for your email. .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old, I am from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to the gym and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health. .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live, so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and full of life. .
In order to attain this goal, I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows .
No smoking in public places. .
Increasing the number of tries and plants and unish the person who cuts them. .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
Protect the water sources and the sea .
guide the people and giving them details and guidelines about pollution .
I would like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . This name is ' Lemoou'. I go there every week, It has different food from any restaurants, I'd like chicken, crispy with garlic sauce. It is an excellent choice for me and my favorite amateur cooks, who suddenly have free time are upping their game in the kitchen. In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works, streets, and aqueducts of Rome.
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the fame .
I been twelve years practicing volleyball and because of it I met a lot of people who helped me to grow up in the sport and life. .
When I was 10, I was forced to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could believe the experience. .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing, I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , I am bad . This is a distration of the university .
You should try practice. It's so funny , but I admit you are not ready at first , but you have to invest time like you should do in life .
On weekdays I get off my bed at 7.30 in the morning to go to work, which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have homework to do. .
I am not a big fan of sports, so I do not play them .
However, I sometimes do skip to fit myself. .
Micbael woke up in the morning and he dead the newspaper. .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
The notice was about a competition .
The competition is about writing storkes .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete. .
First , he found an idea for the story, and he decided to make the story about pirated listening for pleasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good, but Michea did not know how to end the story. .
Finally , Michaedl ended the story and he went to the posy office .
Michael continued the story, but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did not put his name and address .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are comedies .
Also, there are a lot of educational channels. .
I think historical channels are very interesting because you can learn news things about the past .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad, you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport. .
Different experts have talked about this question, and there are several opinions. .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted by the timetables, and you can only use the transport at the moment that the timetable ler you .
Because of this reason , many people do not like to use public transport because they want to move themselves when they are needed .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the community of people may going to determine the use of cars rather than public transport .
Susan is a lottle dragon .
Here , skin is colored red and green red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school. .
Of course , she also has a little brothre .
His skin is colored , just like father .
Deaf Pau !
I haven't written to you for ages, but I am very busy because of the exams at university. .
What about you? What about in Brazil? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert which was performed last month. .
So I was there something like staff. .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , for for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets so I took my girlfriend and we were there together. .
When the concert finished , we went to Clazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star! A crowd of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signature but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them. .
People were so obvious I liked it! 'It was a fantastic experience. .
Next time I would like to do something similar, and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
It is a dual effect. .
Hope to see you soon.
John.
The advertising is expensive. .
There are adds in TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many, adds on television, but it is like that .
On one hand , it is true that one programme or series which we serve has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising contents, but this is completely necessary. .
There are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people. .
The TV is the most accessible means of communication, and people can see the message in this way. .
In addition behind one addition , there are a lot of things to one industry .
In some advertisements there are , for example , the publisher 's work , the company's investments , future sales , the product or service 's life .
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV, but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer 2020.
Why am I making this choice, you clearly ask ? I love the sun and good weather .
Yes, it is true that during summer the temperature is very low and you can rarely stay near the sun because you will be burnt by the sun. .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things, life gives us and have fun with them. .
During summer, I love to go to the beach and sunbathe with my friends rather than having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea. .
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmth of summer. .
Furthermore, you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed. .
I really like to explore nature during summer too. .
The wonderful colors of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous. .
Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS
I saw a tour advertisement in the USA and I am very interested in the position of chipdminder you are advertising. .
I am eighteen years old and I am doing a language translation degree at university at the moment . That’s why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , and I do not do hard work and I learn quickly. .
Also, I have just got my FE certificate this year, but it would help me a lot if I practise my English in a native country. .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and , above all , patient . Therefore , I think I am suitable for this job, as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas, plus it would be a life experience because I would meet my people and a different culture. .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon. .
Yours sincerely .
Teresa Wysovki.
It had been a very long and tiring day but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he had trained for 5 long years since he was 15, and he had made many achievements. .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from times and made a party .
Tom wanted Meo , his girlfriend , to come to him .
She was really proud of him. .
She was dreaming about being his wife. .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
But he did not love her enough. .
He wanted to break up with her at that party. .
He waited 2 hours for her. .
He hates that she is always late. .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up. .
When Mel came, she looked gorgeous. .
And when he saw her , his heart started to bearing faster and faster .
But time is up. .
He got closer to her and told her everything. .
Mek looked dadly at Tom then said, 'So I am pregnant but I got out of his name. .
He followed an apoligizer het .
He said he was drunk and did not know what he was saying. .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and missed her foreache. .
He had to stay with her because of the baby .
He could not just leave him carrying his baby !
No ! He had never anticipated this .
He knew that he had to stay with her, the rest of his life, and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and started to take care of Mel. .
One day, Mary was feeling really bad, so Tom took her to the hospital. .
He felt that something bad was going to happen. .
And he was right. .
Mel has lost the baby. .
Tim had to make a hard decision. .
His life was failing to change. .
Mel was crying all day and Gom could not stand it. .
He had broken up with Mel and it made him much more sad. .
He did not card. .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human. .
Gliding in the waves.
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body without weight , able to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in school because I was not able to swim at all and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved .
If you are not a good cook , you lose the bog part of the pleasure of enjoying the water , not in the sea or in pooo .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to lead the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do not have to live up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfactions. .
Your efforts will be prixed by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
Productivities to kill train.
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsuring on the beach or canoeing and aquatic skiing on the Olympic canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too. .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for sports , adventurous and young people .
Others like to have fun.
In Castellfels , there are other activities less popular but cheaper . For instance, free zumba masted class , yag beach , running as sports activities , and as social activities there are library groups , theatre .
As I said , these activities are most as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more. .
Recommendation
So finally, I suggested that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the latest .
If you try all the activities , you will have a great time here in Castelldefels .
Hi Jane .
How are you ?
I was glad to hear from you. .
I am writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You will come to Reus airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Teus . It 's small, but there are a lot of services and transport .
You have to fake a buz because it is more economical than making a txxi .
The bus stops at the Saloy bus station. .
When you get off the bus, you should ask someone for the Spribg Street .
It is near there. .
You can talk to my house .
Moreover, I send you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address, plus 4 sprucd aveune .
I am planning your visit. .
I would like to visit museums and monuments and go to clubbing with you. .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon. .
Est Refards .
Mary.
Der Sedgio García A. .
My name is Guillemmo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Engineser of Execution in Mines entitled to the 'Queen Instituto Profesional Virginio Girlfriends' , .
I am particularly interested, and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project Chiquicamat .
In the first place , my qualifications and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has. .
My work experience is very outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the ' Minera El Tenienye ' as shift mangaer , chief of operations at ' Minra Andina' and at the evaluation department of CODWLCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration. .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally how I am qualified for this position. .
I expect a prompt response from the company. .
Without further ado , I remain yours .
Guillermo Srdillo Tórrez.
Nowadays, there are many people that are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learning the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today, globalization is bringing the world more . That means that there are more possibilities to share contact with other cultures . For example, in literature , portry , films , TV programs , music, or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the potential of learning a new language, do it because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTRE OF COMPLAINT?
Julio Camarillo.
Montano Avenue, N.C.
Post Code 10237237 C.C. C. Cences.
August 1, 23rd, 2014.
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week. .
I ordered two batteries, Modep 002545, because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one lottery model 00251212.
One month ago, I ordered two batteries , model 00252545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model, Nokia 1214, which needs battery mode 002545.
The delivery was long , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day. .
If I do have a mobile, I will not be able to work. .
To resolve the problem, I would like to receive the batteroes by express support. .
The delivery error has been made by yopurs so this time it should be sent with a free delivery .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my editor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work. .
I hope to head from you soon and have my batteries as quickly as possible for my work .
Yours faithfully. .
Julio Camarillo.
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the used opinions in the Active Leisure Club the last time. .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are clever creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the pedal house, and the riders are everywhere and ready to give help .
However , we only one thing that we did like.
With the purpose of getting more people to join the club , besides the good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the times suitably and allow them to hold the activities to avoid problems.
Gigen is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Despite the bank, banks are the first and indispensable step. .
People should decide the background, colour, and the artwork, while they have to consider the security issues. .
Ghen skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third section is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually, there will be 50 than no one else .
The colour will print on both sides, and every noges has its unique ink, and the images will be slightly raises .
After that , it domes to the most significant stage , that is, in spite of the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divide quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheefs .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets, buy stock goods . People will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes. .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be destroyed .
In conclusion , the diagdam gives a quite explicit process of making a note .
Eventually, it seems to be easy to make them , but every step requires people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank note for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE!
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago when Alfred The Major read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could get better or love and he found a solution. .
A concerned population.
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned, the poorest people from the village about the importance of care of our surroundings . Middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places, making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Wasy recycling.
Lical authorities helped this initiative, creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste. .
The results.
As a result of this attitude , since Akfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the closest villages in the area .
People are worried about the future of our planet, and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our Planet Green Planet is called .
We want a happy Earth. .
Hello Lyis Blanco .
I am writing to you about the staff recruitment for the 'Cloud Cloud Generation' project. .
So we need to help with some questions about the process. .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects who are engineers and also have high team work skills .
We also value that they have specialised studies in cloud technology and hosting management .
However, it is possible that we do not fine enough people with that profile , so we could accept people with one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week? .
When and where do you prefer ? ( remember that I worked from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office so you do not have to move to another place. .
Finally, I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have and please tell me if you find another different request than I told you before in that e - mail .
Please provide me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigi Ojeda, 32.
Dear Pau ,
What is up?
Do you remember when I told you I had been held at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and awesome experience, and I enjoyed it very much. .
You probably do not believe me, but I met all the members of D.C.'s band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They are very nice men . Because of helping them, I had the best place during the concert and I have their own autographs on the newest record. . I did not have many boyfriends and some of them were unemployed or pensioners. .
In general, I had only one duty that was checking the quest list . Above that , I had to be in the cleaning area after the concert. .
But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure. .
I suppose we will see each other soon, and I will be capable of talking to you about this experience. .
Lopve, p
Doninika.
Reporter.
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month. .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be worth it to take it into account from the next course it will take place next year. .
First I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there serve in class .
They were not only really clear people, but also excellent co - workers. .
Working collaboratively is in fact the most interesting way of learning a subject given English .
Second , the teachers were really good skilks to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day. .
This way , we made the most of ourselves and never gave up on improving our English level. .
Third , phonetic classes scheduled on Fridays come really in handy .
They help me to pronounce words better than before starting the course. .
However , in my opinion, there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher' s team .
This way we had been able to hear nature spoke, and I think it should have been worth practicing .
To wrap up the report just way that , on the whole, the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year. .
Yours faithfully .
Kuan Orozco.
I am keen on cinema, I love to watch all types of movies .
But what films are in my Top 100 Park ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a total 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters. .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic, and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Habel as its message will move you .
It reveals that our buildings cross the boundaries of all cultures, and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old. living in Port - Sqid , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine, Podt - Daid University. .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother. .
I have one brother and one sister. .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes. .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information, so I am taking a lot of lessons and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of the Word Health Organization ( WHK ). .
It is not just a team in my mind, but I will work hard to make this dream come true. .
For the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our lives , so I chose this program as I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more. .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer, but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything, I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for everyone .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I asked myself time, what is the aim of our life? .
And what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved for everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do anything at any time . In addition , a little toored can change life for the better .
I like teaching and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this programme is a chance of experience which will help and inspire me for the community, services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post as a camp monitor that you require in summer 2020.
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it. .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the loss .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from three to twelve years old. . I consider myself a quiet patient and found that, in my opinion, these are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job. .
I am good at working in a team. .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time. .
I do not think being young will be a problem. .
Instead, I believe it is an advantage. .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone humber . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience. .
I would be really appreciative it because I am looking forward to starting work. .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately owned cars are lore and are popular , and that are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport will be the means of transportation of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our plants there is an increasing problem of space and pollution. .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever. .
I would say that most private care is not ' sustainable in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings. .
I know that it is mice to dream of a future of technological people flying around each of them with its own private small helixopter .
But it is not going to happen. .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even cars. .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative. .
The price of independent transport will grow dramatically. .
I recall that that will change the habits of the public. .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the mice old train could become important again. .
Imagine this picture of the first class of this semester . Students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher, but while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they had studied last semester. .
Students would receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying, partly because after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned . Partly, because the long vacation, will let students get used to having fun instead of studying and partly because, because, of some difficult courses, should be continuously studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students would receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and details will be signed light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they gave, warned after a long break time .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester. .
It is very wasting time and not efficient. .
Next to go would be students get used to relaxing by having no study and homework in the pongatoon .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break time. .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a log to me without learning English , you will forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshrill , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer. .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field, I budget all problems. .
I love to speak with my team partners. .
Together we analyze the rival tram and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play bad, I feel nervous, but my parents give me their unconditional support. .
That is priceless. .
I know health is very important , so if you do this field there is a big probability that you are healthy. .
So if you are starting this sport, you have to do it because you really like it. .
If you do not like it, there are many options to practise whatever spots .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way, you have to be prepared for any problem. .
Finally, I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport. .
On my vacation, I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niaqgara Falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family. .
On September 12th, 2014, I went to New York City. .
At first, I was very happy because I received a lot of food. .
The film was approximately five hours where I watch beautiful movies. .
When I arrived, my uncle was waiting for me, and I gave him a big hug. .
We went to Long island because there he lives. .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little ousin' Anbelon, who looks just like me. .
In New York, I eat so much . I also went to the city that makes slreps , Manhattan .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagra Falls .
We went by car and it was about 8 hours .
Finally, we arrive at Niagara Falls city which looks like a great place .
I do not have too much to do, but there were calls. .
I was amazed at how huge the falls. were .
They were incredible, amazing, and beautiful. .
I take too many photos because Yoku do not visit places like that every .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family. .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America, and I was to hug him because I miss him a lot. .
My cousin Angedl was very happy to see me and me too . We are like siblings .
My father gave me a lot of presents because she says they do not see me frequently and many other parts of my family. .
In conclusion, I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places such as Niagara Falls and Time Square , got a lot of presentas and, also had a lot of delicious food .
Most attending universities are from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodation such as shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have a low income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independently.
Sharin houses or rooms have many advantages, such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and learning now to share everything with others waving Money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment and because it will be closer to the University saving money, and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs.
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for free months during a course outside my country . These days where I worst during my life . He had idleness , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budget of eating , living alone and granting me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and feel friendly with all the others without excred the privacy of my friends this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me.
Although the federal government, which is decided as a role of USQ, has many benefits , according to reading passage 3, the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government. .
The power of federalism, which was more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture, where it may create some conflicts between the states. .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexaul where some states accept this marriage , others do not. .
Also , the reading passage declares that even if the federal government keeps each state functioning independently , it will control the main decisions .
This case caused some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of the federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also, the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states.
In conclusion , the federal government, which gives freedom and is powerful , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time. .
I think that any type of trip is exciting, but also have their frustrating moments. .
In order to enjoy traveling to Mexico, I would give two important advice, First , try to get lessons with a lovely companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of critic about spicy flavor .
People say that on every voyage, people suffer different moments of the trio, who arrive get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with their trip companion , succeed a trip and arrive home triumph .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico, I suggest that they find a way to get alone with their or her companion. .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit either city. .
As an example , if you are able to get someone with your travel companion , you could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , dance together , and visit places with common interests such as museums or lalls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is the end of Mexican food .
Mexican food has a log of tasting fish from different states of the country. .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do not like spicy food, and also , most of the time , could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advised, I would suggest you to also from sauces with lower copper. .
In this way, visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less opper and the same delicious savour that is so characteristic of our country. .
In conclusion , I offer two important advice for visitors coming to my country : try to get along with their companions in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time on August, 29th, 1969, Special Media Site ( SMS ) was the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
ZMS, such as Facebook, wind out 700,000 messages and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter, every 60 seconds. .
Surprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general are not likely to have their own personal privacy, that there is a possibility of cycle of selling .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter and also comment on the potential future of these implications .
Colmunicating can be achieved regardless of distance through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers. .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly, , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts ,okes , messages , eyes ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ). .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook is interacting with others by sharing their thoughts , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowling about the members increases continually and , moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members and also sharing their same interests through the social network .
( Emerald Griup Publishing 2013) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see the daily activities which are posted by them .
However, , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being progressively aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter can be easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is less accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
Mowtly Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing. .
In France , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premiere of The Hunget Game was released , a van posted an onwet racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by a black person ( Eauch and Schznz 2013 ). .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involving cycle - gullying , cycle - bridging , cycle, - stalling , cycle- stalling behaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams and Merten 2008 ). .
For example , Krishna et al.(213) reports a case of continuous distancing a woman from a man called Mr. .
He was admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking, harassment, , trespassing, and telephone harassment (2005, pp. 811.
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMW in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter, without having to verify each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than having to call them .
The possible outcome might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communication skills that they have. .
In addition to decreasing the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding mode privacy options .
However , despite the benefits of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoiding doing it most of the time. .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also, people can easily deduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone.
Introduction
Twenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included on all of those sites. .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthday's , travels , special occasions , etc. .
As a new college subject.
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation. .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today' s world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level. .
The reasons.
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation's lives (teenagers and kids ). .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc. .
Aoso , photography is considered as a type of aft , so it requires the knowledge of special skull techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today! .
What a wonderful day ! There is an Aprio now, and finally spring has came. .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March 2020.
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries. .
They sing funnh and build their nests .
People look happier. .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter. .
We set our clock forward one hour to March 2020.
Summer time was first introduced in England in 1908. .
These day'ssssss become longer and the flights get shorter and longer. .
We usually set our clock back an hour in October 2020.
A lot of people are happy because they can sleep (3 for 4) one hour .
Hockey as a lifestyle.
Although all spirits help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or diet .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport? .
Do you think that your lifestyle will improve? .
Well, you are mistaken. .
For doing different kinds of sports, you need to be skilled or willing to try new things. .
What if you do not have none of those requirements ?
Then you know the jockey is an assassin .
Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favourite. .
It is a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people in simple words .
It is a team sport. .
However, it is not always as simple as it sounds. .
You have to travel five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot. .
On the other hand, I enjoy every second of it. .
Through all my life, I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle for me. .
Why would I recommend this to you?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person. .
Hockey will change the way you see the world, and you are going to start seeing it with both legs. .
So, still searching for the right sport , this one is foir yo !
As far as I am concerned , public transportation is the best transport medium for environmental cars .
In sports , some people make enough money to buy their own car . Electric and hydrobrie cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ), so , people choose these ones, and that 's because pollution is several issues that we have to deal with.' .
Environmental care is taking strength every day from kids to ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume. .
If people do not use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional cad , and that will probably take place when the testing is far from the place where you live. .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will allow public transportation that could make people use public transportation and care about the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global heating .
In Colsada City Council , people are well informed about taking care of the environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate the waist .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of the haes three or four kinds of bins, and they are nog as far as two hundred meters. .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to open the river Jarama side. .
Negertheness is never enough , because dog owners have most of the responsibility .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid cats and they will emit less air pollution. .
This organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is pucked up every other day. .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children. .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem. .
A problem which is caused by us human beings with their goal of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problems so we made any effort to solve it. .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly, but it is always on time and the price is worth it .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins, which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which paid people who bring us the materials to clean .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment. .
My sister gets people to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to do such beautiful embroidery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that these kinds of things can have a second side .
As soon as the last river ends, the southern order of Egypt is hers .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years. .
All historians , researchers and scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Eypt is a kind of river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
All the time, the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians. .
Furthermore , evation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of certain land .
The Egyptians called their country ' Blaco' and 'To match it off of the red soil of the desert' .
Nowadays , the deep and wide valleys of the Nile have become the most important transport lines for Egypt .
Throughout the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile. .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to drug or wet period .
They knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has negative sides as well as positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the loss of a lot of planta and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Europeans still live far from the main water area of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope as soon as Egypt becomes developing, the government will pay attention to the ecological problems, the high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Dyomo in Milan .
But this Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you all agree that it is this Colosseum .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city. .
It quotes ancient , but is fascinating for thousands of tourists who come to surgery .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman Emperor. .
It was used for shows with animals or humans who were killed without it. .
Moreover, nvay was represented in order to celebrate the Roman war. .
It has been ruined through the ages but no one understands its importance and takes care of it. .
In my opinion, it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions which we should not forget .
However, not all people are aware of it. .
It is our strength and every time I go beyond, I realize how many people succeeded in building it. .
That is why it is important it makes us understand to never gig up and follow our dreams. .
In this fast - moving world, transport has become an important factor for everyday activities. .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living. .
There is no point in swaying public transport has no future .
Travelling through Csr is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it. .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport. .
Firstly, to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society. .
Variery of buses are released by the government in order to meet people' financial conditions. .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy were some of the disadvantages. .
Similarly, travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages. .
Everybody can not afford to travel by car as it is costly to discuss the benefits . One can enjoy high privacy during travel and it is convenient.
And sophisticated and can travel faster .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages. .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is very crowded. .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system. .
However , during the ursh horu , there is always such a ruim person who has no public awareness at all .
They occupy too many seats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do not respect other passengers , they just keep laughing and teasing each other despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing seats for the elderly is also a problem .
Prioritt says, , are preserved for those who used it , but only readers of Swome Sult used it .
Some , no, all of them can identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely because of their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seat. .
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for grabbed, and they would even command young adults or students off their set without manners. .
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize, expect that .
Everyone should develop an awareness of public manner.sss .
Television is an important part of modern culture. .
We depend on television or entertainment education , news and films.
TV has many benefits, plus.
Firstly, it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others. .
TV can act as a catalyst to key kiss reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs. .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children' s socialization and learning skills .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people. .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce youth to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might otherwise see. .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for touring people. .
But television has negative effects, . First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television lack exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children. .
Television also takes away from family .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television. .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank in the mass - market and small - businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the sale until the reorganized of contracts , building and maintaining relationships, afford - sales with the aim of customer satisfaction.
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , control and investments too. .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers to provide them with a complete service from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and access - selling products .
In many years of work, I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
on - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multivultural and dynamic area .
I am careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I have been working for the same large company for 25 years . Now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
need to work My husband has been loved in New Zealand . I want to find a jew pub in Holland to remain in our family. .
I like sports, such as skiing , riding and simming . I have also got descentidence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for a patent paid dance master.
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can save the world .
When we see all these cars in our hards when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to live in our cars and use public transport .
If we do not do it one day , we will wake up in an illegal traffic jam .
But probably his situation is only period of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this area. .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
Maybourne robogs will be able to describe more smart than people .
If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads. .
So people will still be able to clear traffic hams. .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway. .
And people who hate public transport there will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact on the world and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language? .
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today, it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before. .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today. .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your trip more easy and comfortable. .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing at the international level if you speak a foreign language . Certainly , it adds some value to your profile and you can pay a higher salary .
Bird , through learning a foreign language , you do not only learn a language , at the time you are also getting to know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years there have been more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing sincerely .
Many scientists infer that people' s lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greddy .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life but forget to protect and clean the Earth at the same time. .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings. .
Varjous factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air. .
All the exampoes above will enhance the temperature and make the water hotter and hotter. .
The higher the temperature , the worse the diving quality is .
If people around the world could not put more emphasis on our licensing places , we would have a dark and hipeless future. .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supplies , people' bodies will become weak and rough .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be lore, fights , hatred and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair but can not find the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by the human's ' unskilled heart' .
Feiends from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it. .
The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceived that the tubes were broken , heads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is the key to survival .
It is just something that I have to do , not you , not me .
I did not choose that , this jib has chosen me .
Drar Sir or Madam .
I would like to apply for the position of each safeguard assistance which I have advertised. .
For the last two years, I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many comletitions in the country and abroad. .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand, I completed the first bid course in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more, it would provide me with new knowledge. .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully. .
Sebastián Hernndze.
In our modern world , many people suffer from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces, and they want to leave from this condition in the holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to deepen the soup and revive the spirit for people .
In the holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forge about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking on the beach or swimming in this sex can be helpful to budget life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can review their decisions on holidays more accurate and helpful. .
For instance , in stressful life conditions, people can make bad decisions about their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must replicate theseasms in order to gain more money to maintain their lives, and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays people are betting closer and they remember their reelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they have never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits andouls .
They can pray for God and it gives relief to people. .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects, they can become happier because people need to leave the material world .
In the holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stress from life conditions .
Also, holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul, because people have a chance to move away from modern life that is full of material objects. .
Cycling to school to work or to do any other activity, is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia are trying their best to promote his movement because they consider it a means of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues , such as the increase in danger on the roads .
Statistically, cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car. .
Another disadvantage is the weather. .
Getting set when it rains having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking in hot weather .
In my point of view , Cydling contributes to improving community spirit, and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity. .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport. .
For example , people taking care of car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might not be so short during holidays due to a less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to a place where the public transport perhaos is not able to reach .
When the box is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting, especially for a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private transport .
As we apply kbow , the more public transport passengers use , the less exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saving lives .
Second , public transport leaves city space .
As more and more people choose to live in cities nowadays, other cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space of each person has become more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parming place and everyone would spend more time congested .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things, which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a reverse spiral .
For a passenger , however , fravelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , taker a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating blog or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation. .
E.g. p. 4. It offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles. .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit them .
Languages for the future.
Should I learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome. .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages. .
On the one hand, it could allow you to communicate with people who know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
And in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has become something essential and very important in our lives to find a mob .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course. .
Also, I consider that it tends to be hard and worth time away from doing any other things. .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future, but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning. .
A francisoc vavoer nº3 óbidoa 25 - 27 - 2014.
Dear Usza Summer Camps .
I am writing in response to your adhesion for a nob .
I had a part - time job as a babby - sitter and I took care of my 11 - year - old brother often. .
I worked in an Easter camp too, and I have already prepared a lot of activities , like a rappel camp , paintball .
is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job. .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above addresses. .
I hope you consider me for the job , rtodrigo.
Today I went to my Winnie 's home with Drana in the afternoon. .
We are delicious fun and play interesting games .
We had a great tile. .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winie 's home .
First we listened to some songs , such as Almoist and Big Big World .
After thirty minutes , we had them .
Winnie loved eating very much, so I can easily find food at her home .
We had mouth-watering strawberry cakes andicy apple juice for tr, and they were extremely yummy .
After having ta , we played hide - and - seek in Winnie 's garden .
Adrian and I had heard a speech and Winnie looked for us. .
Suddenly , Wainie fell over a little stone .
Adrina and I immediately came to her and held her up. .
Your knee is bleeding. .
Are you okay?’ I asked. .
I was shaking, like a leaf, and my heart was pounding, since I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.' x I am fine ' Winnid replied .
I felt relieved then. .
Then Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily. .
I felt glad today, although Winjie hurt himself. .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged. .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion, the house in the future will be better. .
The Houwe of the future will be big and bright .
Inside will be a fulk of conveniences .
Big spaces are still divided into a few zones .
Relaxation 's Learning , kitgen 's zone, and so on. .
In houses of the future, there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in very houses. .
Television will be cordless today , as at present, Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that, it can expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people. .
Swimming is my favourite sport. .
Why do I like swimming?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer' s efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a spot that requires a loss of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at an age, but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age. .
Swimming has different types, like dolphin , frawl , backstroke, and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for thrash patients because it strengthens the test muscles and reduces the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections. .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group your age .
Hedllo Pauhl, 2006.
I enjoyed helping at the concert, which was in Antwerp on October 14, 2020.
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers at the concert. .
I got a lot of experience from them. .
In the concert, time will pepper and enjoy, but nobody thinks about how they are preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time. .
For example, they know everything about each helper' s job, but at the same time they just concede own subject. .
I want to explain to you some interesting pain from my experience. .
In the concert morning, we were excited and thinking about the concert, and we decided do not think about the concert, just do our job, which would be given .
When we were planning the concert plan, we made work sharing for all of us. .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checked songs, volume, and lights .
My job was checking the song list, which singers would perform. .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the foreigners .
They always wanted to change some songs which were on the list .
At the concert time, I was really worried that something would appear suddenly. .
Actually, everybody can be worried because they have time and effort for it. .
Finally, concert started, and all the lights were shining like stars. .
It is difficult to explain that feeling. .
When the concert finished, I felt like a kid who's flying freely. .
Of course, I had some pain in my legs because at the time I was standing. .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert, which will be next month . If you have any times, please come and see how we are preparing for the concert. .
I am waiting for you, Emai .
We see you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways, and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regardung advertisement technology is having a huge and always possible impact on outdoor advertisements .
From black - and - who adds posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor dads placed in every available imaginable spit .
From buildings with enormous and brighr screens to interactive stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I look for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home on my way to work , the odds I will see - which , of course , will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorco or an dad from Tripadvisor with Malorca, in it .
It will suit me sometimes and it can even be useful , but I am also sure sometimes I will find it agreeable .
The way it feels, aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pixtures displayed date. .
It might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shopwed at the wrong time , they lose the artistic side .
But technology is here for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I would like to have a bug detached house in the suburbs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .
So that I would live more freely and independently. .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in the modern style. .
I would build their fitness gym , wardrobe -room swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to eat a barbecue zrea in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives. .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere. .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it is interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first. .
As the professor says, 'If you want to learn something well , you need to get the right tool first to work on it. .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since this requires lots of basic skulls if you do not learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during the practice. .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled chess fan teaches you the best skills of tennis. .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day? .
That was only 30 years ago. .
An explosion of chanels hit our houses in the eighties. .
In this report, we will see some characteristics of today' s television .
Hundreds of channels are gradually reducing.
In our country a decade ago, when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
All TV tried to get several licences to distribute their shows. .
In order to resolve dome deficits, budgets today, there are mainly two TV groups .
Less channels means less devices. .
Internet TV is increasing.
It costs less money, and you can choose exactly the moment where who is watching this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone. .
You must click on it .
They have to reduce their budget.
Despite changing channels, we see the same mews .
Bg Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to meet journalists and cajera all around the world. .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summafy.
The TV is ding .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Today's only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match. .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However, the fact is that there is a country on them. .
Dea, Mrs Hopkins, 2006.
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express my interest.
To join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-tear - ole student from Switzerland, speaking German , French and English, and I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have some experience of travelling around the sound .
I am interested in joining your group because I like meeting new people from other countries, and I would like to explore new countries around the world. .
For ten years I have been in a scoury group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness. .
Furthermore, I feel suitable to join your group because I live travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure. .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
ear Stevie .
It was good to hear from you .
Basically, my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean not only the English language, but also to find more about younger culture and visit nice places in your country as well. .
As I told you before, I can't afford to play this grip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bulls. .
Dan to give me a hand on it. .
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It would be helpful if you found a small apartment near Ambridge University where I will study English for 5 months. .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you. .
Bes wishes.
Joaquin Magos.
Hi, Jlhn .
I am looking forward to seeing you. .
First of all , you should get your side of the airport terminal .
There you will see bus stations in the street. .
When you get there, take the bus, which has number 111.
The ride to the bus stop at Zličín, N.Y.
Then you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I'll call you in the morning to tell you where all we meet exactly .
But if I were you, I would take a taxi because the underground is boring , buying it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant as it is usual at this time of year .
That’s why you do not have to take warm clothes. .
I am delighted to see you soon. .
Best wishes .
Jwob
In my opinion, we should go to the restaurant because all people need a comforting moment to do work better than before. .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do not have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do food - mads, foos , and a good idea is for mains course, for naked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows with a white chair , table and wall , more or less , a relaxing environment, but the atmosphere is very important for customers and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose. .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us because, basically, we spoke about books , work and studies , while with this form of environment, we can speak about our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I would like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too. .
You can it, the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they manage and look after them. .
These burgers are my favorite food because they are amazing .
I can not say what they are because you have to taste them. .
It is a flavor similar to being in heaven or in the parise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your faces. .
You still want to come another time. .
However , if you do not like burgers, you can watch whatever you want of American food, and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day life. .
More than a million people, these budget taxi,s and trains etc. as tourists , or work , meeting relatives , going to school, etc. .
He even uses cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient, it is expensive. .
That is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways, why?
1. People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2
As they have specific routes across the country town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city, etc. .
I disagree with the statement stated above , because in the future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Middell class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day. .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even better for our environment than cars. .
Today's people have different views about reading books and watching movies. .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions. .
I agree with this point of view. .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That is why , while you are reading you are getting pieces of information. .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening, appears in your mind .
You can imagine how yeroes look like you can imagine different views of where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it is very important that you can easily take your booi with you and start reading anytime you want. .
On the other hand , if you like being in company, the best way for you is movies .
Because you can catch it with your friends. .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effect. .
It is so exciting. .
But all these factors are not important to me. .
I suppose that books are better than their film versions .
To sum up , I'd like to say relaxing is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day. .
She was with her mum .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So they were coming home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had brown hair and she was wearing a blue dress with white gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum, I love this dol!ould you do it for me ? '' she asked .
Her mum could not come to her so she bought it .
Oh! The girl had so many special moments with her makeup looked so adorbable to her! They were like twins. .
After some years, the girl decided that she had to move. .
She was eighteen years old . She had to be independent .
So Sne took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories. .
At night, she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there, and there was the droop with a knife in her hand, '''''' '''' '' '''' '''''''''''' 'We do not play with me anymore?' 'Are you bored of me?' 'Just because I have only one eye, but you remembered me the other ones .
Just because I do not have one if my glives? But you did it again!''she screamed. .
And then ...
Next dau , looking at her home, her mum wanted to find her daughter. .
So she was upstaird .
The girl had a knife in her knee and on the wall there was a sentence ''Shy did you leave me that way ? '' .
Tennis is an individual sport. .
You just have to deal with the game. .
You can choose lots of places to play. .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls, or a person to play with .
Although you should be good at laying backhand or forehand , yiu cam oose quickly .
This spot is not about a physical lower .
You need to use your hair as well. .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
As the other sporta , tennis is getting more modern , faster and commercial .
I mean professional tennis. .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory. .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents. .
It is not fair enough. .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skulls , helps their physical health and so on. .
You can start if you are grown up anyway. .
It is never too late. .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends. .
Enjoy !
Dwar Mes Kate Ashny, 20.
My name is Andrea Cokcci , I am sister , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your face and I am interested in working with you .
I am the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I am interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian and for us , food is everything .
In Italy I attend school for wine and cooking , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasata , pizza and many of the specialties of my country and I was assumed in any famous restaurant .
I'm also good at dealing with people . In fact, since I was younger , I have done animation in the summer damp of Pignano , the county where I studied and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do not know them .
In the end , I am also prepared to work long hours when I worked with my aunt . In his case , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m., It was difficult, but I said it all day .
I look forward to hearing from you soon. .
Andrea Focci.
Eesay
In today' s essay, I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad. .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English? .
It is true that going abroad can open new points of view about your own learning process. .
Talking with English speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it will become a real nightmare if you are not focused on your learning tasks. .
From my point of view, I think the advantages overcome the disadvantage, especially if you have some money saved for it. .
But if you do not , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need. .
Ypu can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online, such as Sjipe and others .
Fasketball is a passion.
When I was little, I tried a couple of sports , handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is both of these . It is a sport that I have never imagined football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football, I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to integrate me when they play and nowadays I live playing football with them .
met some women, and I started to organize female matches so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football again. But now, it's set to be one of my week's best-selling songs.
I think football is a very exciting sport and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life. .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to receive some updates. .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center. .
I have been here twice and I like it .
Its name is not an English noun ' , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
This service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle. .
The unterior is bit 1, so all the glass could stay inside without problems. .
The decoration is modern and cozy and it’s got some great traditional British objects. .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fresh. .
They've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too. .
They have hot origina, onee , kike, sweet pizxa , and traditional .
There is a big variety of ice creals. .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is effective for us because we do not want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
During their whole life , family people such as politicians and film stars accompany them .
In my view , the public deserve to have their own life without being photographed .
On one hand , becoming a public person is associated with journalist masks - media flashes .
Folous people are obligated to provide their life in an exemplary way. .
However , they are still ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought to be jealous. .
Note the kind of failures. .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and that they have an effective influence on society, which assesses celebrity through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand, many stars held their pricacy to earn more and more money. .
The value of their work abilities are counted in a number of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , people all over the world are famous people who do not bring into the limelight their lives .
It has never been very useful for a long time . Nevertheless , nowadays there are some people who ask if public transport was suppressed and society would save a lot of money .
However, , people should think about the large advantages , such as 'to people saving money' . It is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cara needs to be repaured, but besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contaminated than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transportation .
Finally , the past season is the comfort because you have a car, it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides, in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as in the old cities and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I have gotten used to walking around my city and my cat is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world. .
Today's news, things become things of the past in a few months. .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with the latest configurations , becomes outdated within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people's lives will definitely change in such a long period. .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years, science and technology have taken great leaps . Internet mobiles have made us more connected .
Today we have all the information at finged - tips .
Today we do not need to worry about getting lost in new places . Google maps are always there to help .
We do need to call English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting Jewish people or selling your products , you do not need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more commendable than in the past thanks to the progress Mabkind has made in technology .
On the other hand, a number of terrorism , global warming and greed have become top challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warnings causing natural disasters now and then. .
Terroristic activities cause violence in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power, making it difficult to trust people 's leaders. .
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years here will be rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . On the right hand , it would be good for us . On the wrong hand , it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today. .
To show my concern .
I am an Italian girl who is trying to improve her English . I have got a positive and energetic personality. .
I read your advertisement on your website, and I immediately thought, 'That's for me , I am the third person for this kind of job .
Perhaps you are wondering which I should be the right person .
That’s soon, said .
I am a flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well. .
I have worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16.
I love doing social activities and planning events. .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities. .
I have very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again. .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in this mail .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are. .
The same about my parents, but they are old, and sometimes they call me to talk about their death. .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that they think they help children 's brain to develop , but it is important to controler them because there were a lot of violent games .
However, there are brilliant games for children. .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet for work, not research or google information, and also connect with other teachers to speak about courses and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Driends should be like a shadow, always be wide you. .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life, but no doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make friends .
The more people you will meet, the more awry it will become for you to find a friend. .
When you find one , spend time with them , share views , ideas, and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say, but they should share their views about it. .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news. .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business and money , sports , culture , education , life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jogs and donations to help individuals. .
Readers are able to express their opinions freely .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There were also a huge number of commercial advertisements which made the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world, where people are small and the economies very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books.
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes, when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper, I notice that dogs become very useful for our lives . It seems to me good opportunities to make our lives easier .
Also, it makes us more clever. .
I am convinced that using table computers in our everyday life is rather good. .
People do not need to carry a lot of books . A big child could not say that he left a book because he has all the books on his tablet computers.
Some people think that it is a bad idea. .
They believe that it is an iseless thing for our generation. .
Such people were sure that electronic things make us stupid. .
They insist on not using tablets at school. .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tables are useless. .
We should use it, but we should not forget about books. .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier.
The Big Mistake.
This may be full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she was pregnant. .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when he told him that he was pregnant , he just fanned out .
It was too much for him. .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him. .
It was weird how many questions and doubts fame up on his head. .
One part of him was really happy because being a father is one of the biggest dramas . On the other hand, he could not handle this news. .
This woman who stands next to him is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hang her and celebrate this good news. .
But somehow he did not feel anything. .
All that he felt was anxious .
He could not handle the feeling when she tried to touch him to kiss and hug him .
He knew that he loved him as much as he loved jer , but everything was just too wrong at that moment. .
Her voice , her smile, and even her body was to rong in this moment .
We could not understand what was going on' , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family, and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess. .
He was more than happy and he could not handle this mews. .
They did not know that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much of him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone. .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. .
To the beginning, I am going to talk about what my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the story. .
In fact , I do not like to do some splinters during the time , but if I really need to do some exercises that I like to go to, I'm in the swimming pool .
Firstly, , I think , swimming pool is flaring .
After swimming , I have a safe and a bath room to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do, not like big sun and sans .
Third , swimming in the ocean is the most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in this swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim, but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises, That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it, we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports, but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it as we ca not stay at home or working all the time. .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go to school .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life. .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pastyre area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the bad weather conditions , such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer 2020.
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserved, and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people' s awareness about the importance of rational use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town, where citizens can speed their free time or even do sports. .
That is the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas. .
Finally , the law has also improved the management and treatment of the waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Cacere inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish, taking it out to the gale green and blue containers in every street .
And that is the negative point , these pollutants are too visible in towns, and it would be advisable to change the names we have for underground ones. .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes and the ones that do it will be rewarded with a bonus point, but anyway , this is not important information. .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the house , just me .
I get a bit scared , so I search for them outside in the streets. .
I did not know that a bullet hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did not know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it is not that beautiful , so you can not distinguish where the explosion hit? .
Finally, in a few days, I found some neighbors with some food . I was starting to diet so I ate a lot .
We are some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow. .
I think that someone drays some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping. .
So everybody is gonna try to enforce the laws. .
The next morning, I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creafures that were walking around to kill and eat us. .
In the night, I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noise .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a hump. .
I stomp him and when he turned around, it was a woman from the group. .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near . It was adorable when he turned into a big wild creature. .
He big my leg and it built a foot . We tried to make it up the stairs but it was too late . It was the kiss of death for us. .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In some ways, that she robbed the foos in the night, and I made up it was good for my survival. .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of bow, am I going, I would not do it because I have to face all of this. .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH.
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do not practice any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more used in the world?
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise , you feel feel well when you are sick, and you are busy. .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with you are nervous , and also you can make a lot, friends while going exercise .
One day, there’s a lot of different types of exercise . You can play any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or do Crossfire or something like that. .
Soccer, is a great spot where you can make a lot of friends . You can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it is not easy to control the ball and dribble to your rival on the field. .
I recommend you to do any sport you like and enjoy every weekend you spend exercising. .
Thanks and start now so you do not regret it .
Is there any future for public transport or is travelling by car much more convenient ?
Many discourse about public transport will seem to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice. .
On the website of the Scottish Government ( publication 'Young people and transport ' ) , a 12 - 14 years old, not explain ' '' - I prefer going far , it 's uicker' .
There are not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because it has listening to music as well as its sound.
Although they had many positive points about private cars , they also ate negative stuff .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion and it is very expensive , plus - on my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car insurance , tax , etc. .
Obviously, it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do not work in Edinburgh .
» says a 17-18 - 22 years old, y'all, oy. .
Now secondly , travelling by public transport is chaeper ( we do not pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer .
According to the Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America, , Canada, , Japan and so on have built public transport systems so the traffic has decreased .
As a result , this economy has been increasingly .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic Types.
Do you agree or disagree? Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship. .
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion. .
Even though being hurtful is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings' and is unwise .
Another reason for not gelling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or employees .
It is better to tell a little white lie at the moment. .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one' s feelings by telling the truth at all times .
For example , if some wokan yu are painted wearing inappropriate clothes, most fit the occasion .
People usually end up not teaching her the truth, since it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on head .
In that case , they could still make conversions without buying her mpod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private, since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk about too much to people at work or even people that one just got scquainted .
If there are questions about things, one does not want other people to know , that might say a little white lid, which usually does not matter too much .
If I had had a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people to ask details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run. .
There are two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not. .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closer to the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake. .
Because of this , we're not called to meet the headmaster .
I could not understand why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Mixhael had closed the door. .
The door was not broken into pieces or fallen down. .
My curiosity had put me into big trouble. .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted. .
However , things did not happen what I hoped .
I ended up getting expelled from school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Muchael and I were stealing our classroom - call wallet. .
I could not imagine the teacher and friends also pointing at us firmly and without giving any chance for us to speak out. .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the lucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped off our teeth and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although one day later, the headmaster found out the truth through CCTC , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school . As we know, even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset. .
Dead USA summer camps
My name is Biahca Padobesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , first I speak fluent and clear English, which is very important to communicate .
Akso , I have a good relationship with little kittens . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover, I am very energetic , always aware and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself as I can invest in new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping , which are important for the first development. .
I am not very good at cooking gut because I never tried to dedicate time to that. .
I think that if I work and learn how to do it, I would learn very fast and can dominate it. .
That is a hood quality of mine . I learn things very fast, and I can also get used to riding .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon. .
Bianca
My number is 8, 8.
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter, We built and were in war, fear to the shelter's safe zone, and if there was someone that needed supplies, he would find some supplies and ammo to survive. .
We started our journey and going in the forest . There were a lot of wild plants on our way . There were various ways that were sick . We could not do anything except to keep going . I was seeing my little group start to diminish and some of us were allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with. .
I thought that maybe my mom's genes were actually immune to the infection, I could actually be the most revolutionary guy that helped everyone that was in my mom skeptick, and I was really positive about it, though I would not actually sacrifice myself. I have to think about why is it to the entire world or just save a group? The decisions taken in my hand, however, were groundbreaking. To help the poor people of Ethiopia directly, without channelling those funds directly to the government.
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to Evergone . The last battle against hunger started, Everyone was hungry, and we had got something in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker, so we need to find something that was a great nutritional base food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves. .
We got close to the pharmacy, there were no walkers inside, so we went into the pharmacy and closed all the doors, and I got someone to heck us in the night, I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately. .
In my area there are many railway lines and they are often overcrowded. .
But private traffic in this town is the most prevalent , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Welcome to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy, also that you need to live .
When you have to pay this telephone energy bill , you can do that with any tobacco hops bear to your home .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main estate factors of Europe and above .
Like all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
In the end , the taxes are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private licence and deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind, there should be a big between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people. .
In my opinion, big stars should be able to relax and take some private time. .
As far as I am concerned, there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to fake pictures which show them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's 2020 work so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time. .
These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who had tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such normal people, as everyone of us only wish more money in their bank accounts.
So , as you can see, I agree with the statement that famous people who are recognizable deserve to have a private life, and the ability to have a normal life should be given to them .
The Maze Ruhner.
I recently watched this new film based on one of the hooks of this world - known author. .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery, which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there. .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious mate .
The people who live in the camp take up different roiles in order to survive and defend themselves from the problems of the disease .
He took the role of a runner , the person responsible for exploring the mad and looking for an estate of this place .
Stiol , they only have daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down, it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , without exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the mask .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will make no one indifferent. .
I have been playing baseball for 12 years now and hopefully many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that people are tall or small and can play it as long as they are determined , so basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I lose the speed of volleyball . Most of the time . It 's quick and if you blink you probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there is the intensity if you haven't seen a tame go until 32-30 30 and seed the energy on the flok and hear the noise from the crowd you're missing out .
Personally, winning such a bet makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do not , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and get better , and serve in different ways. .
I live in Jew Egypt. .
My area is very small and very green. .
People there are very friendly and helpful. .
It is a good place to live. .
One time over week on Wednesday , robbers are given .
Of course, garbage is sorted into different bins .
That is a very good idea because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage. .
Everyone cares about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the garden. .
In particular , spring is a spot of colour and pleasant odors .
Hew Eltham has beautiful parts where you can relax from the busy place. .
The green ice in my town is really fantastic. .
I have recently eaten at Balck Bar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catajia located under the Etn volcan slopes and I think that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms : smoking rook or the hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosu . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friends Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the meju, and I really liked Chinese beef . It was very tasty. .
Also, the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality. .
The price was not reasonable at all because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners. .
Druvs is a topic with a lot of controversy. .
They have been present in our society since ever. .
Cannabis , heroin speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
Margination was a link with the illegality of this activity. .
Also, this illegality is the cause for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stomulating. .
The real problem comes when entertainment becomes one in an addition that destroys our lives. .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegality, urging us to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and make very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life, because it is very dangerous, as people are, not allowed to pay deadlines themselves. .
Finally , legalisation of drugs means that they would be taxable, and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not. .
Hi Shroqo .
That sounds great . I am so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia . I am gonna be able to see you after a long time. .
But unfortunately I am having an exam on Thursday , so I can not meet you, but you can take me from the school at 1.30pm , then we can go to have lunch. .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aojameah street, then turn right outside the face of KAI University after getting down from the bridge, you'll find the school on your right .
So excited about seeing you !
Be for now. .
Nouf, p
Dexter Les, 2006.
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time it is always fun and , depending on the reason , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid, you can go to visit some museums like the Rina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some life , you must visit Bararcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari , or Doñana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spaib , I would stay one week in each place and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to wear warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer. .
Adrián .
But Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV. .
He is the eldest son of the Simpso family. .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child. .
He has yellow skin and grey eyes , he is brown and has spoky hair. .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts. .
The most important thing for Bary is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punis gym .
Barf is an energetic and clever student, but he is also a bad student, and he nates nerds. .
Although he is rather naivety , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him. .
In the Simson family, all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history, and I absolutely agree .
For me , Vart is funner than Homser , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character.
It was a dreary rainy Sunday morning. .
I was not in the mood to go out anyway. .
Everything suggested that I would be out of the house for quite a while. .
Suddenly there was a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on Earth could that be? .
We would have even both play me a visit during the bloody, awful weather. .
My concerns were answered swiftly or the man on my threshold called 'Sons' . Now I have a letter from Mr. Samson .
So I was quite surprised . To be honest , I had not received a letter for months. .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text. .
At first I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although I had not met him a single time , this letter was his last will, and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand ponds , to be precise .
Exultationsized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry about what I would do with this amount of money? .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not about rubbish things they do every day. .
First of all, they were very dirty by nature. .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness. .
So, calm people of good nature are inactive and talmative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the betterment of their own town. .
All the household bearby, the public road throws away dirty things easily and even not bothered about the order of the municipality. .
I see all these during my morning walk. .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and side sureounds .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback, but they are also the same in nature. .
People are now self - funded and very narrow, mimed .
Though they are becoming so called educated, in real sense they are stillavage .
Deqr Mts. Ashby, 2006.
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I had seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cave. .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it. .
I am a tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies. .
I worked for years in London as a waiter in Nard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a worker aldo in Bafcomi 's Caf in Berlin. .
So I have experience in service customer care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food, like sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc.
I am also very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint set up.
I have total availability at weekend and also in sum .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please find attached a copy of my CV which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position. .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you. .
Thank you for our time and consideration. .
Yours, faithfully .
María Luiza Castaneda del Avuna.
Nowadays , public transport has become a major issue .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is respected in developing countries like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades, reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of washing tile in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another say to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars, or maybe they can afford to travel by another means of transportation than the one provided by the local government. .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the nus fer rather than pay for a full tank. .
Similarly , people in countries with less income gain from these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the use of people use it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it and in others where there will be it as long as their economy needs it. .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier, than taking a train or a bus .
It is just near your house or your office. .
You do not have to go to a station by walking carrying weight , or suffering because of the rain or the snoa .
But if you're sleepy , tired , bored or simply, you do not like to drive , you can find it easier to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable, because you can read by listening to music and looking around or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level. .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speeds trains are always faster than cars. .
Speaking about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc. , , , etc . ) , , maybe cases are not so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect, there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the city ?
Public transport is absolutely better. .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Informational letter for CAE ( Part 1 ).
Dear Jan, 2020.
Thank you for your letter. .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer of 2020.
Because of my experience working at the International Company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you. .
I am not sure however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such an activity was on the 22nd of July when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills. .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience, you will probably be disappointed. .
All I was asked to do the rest of this time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists. .
All in all , the experience was beneficial. .
I made plenty of money , so I would not worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you. .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself. .
Favis.
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael. .
This whole business started to get on his nerves. .
He has to deal with it . The sooner the better .
For now, one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina no Makika . That is the problem .
He can't dump Angy just like that , they've been friends for years. .
She is not sad. .
And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody. .
So yes , the decision is made .
He will break up with her .
Probably even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a toilet around his wrist, and Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike can't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to test the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Maluka 's family and so on , but this is what happened. .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do. .
At the moment, he did not realise that. .
Only after 1660, when Angelin's left , Mivhael closed the door and there he knew he had made a nuge mistake .
Dear Sir or Jadam,
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellir currently advertised on your website .
At the moment, I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year. .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish, and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scut vamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local pub to help children with their homework. .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised, and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to engertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councillor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard. .
I attach a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview. .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Ykur's true .
X
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I am seventeen years old and I am an electonic student from Italy in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day, so I have decided to continue my studies at university. .
I am good at school , my marks could prove it, but I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year. .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries. .
School is my favourite. I study about seven years a day , especially math and electronics . These are the subjects that I like more.
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day. .
The bog people in my class are the majority of my classmates, so they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school, and I think even at home. .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students. .
However , I do not hate them at all, but they are very funny and kind people when they want. .
Coming back to my dream , I should like to carry on with my studies in London at Imperial College .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am looking to trying to better at this school even if I know that it is very difficult. Thus, the Imperial College of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world. .
Puerquitouf, plus a great experience for our mouth. .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do because of the calories the calories they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discovered our fascination with food, and ' The Puersuitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day started on an important datrext Tavo Day !
Tacontento was the place we choose, and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by old beerts .
Due Puerquitour is something to consider about 3. On the same day, we shared it with Diana, 24, one of my friends, from Vancouver, Canada.
Again we agree taxos , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there. .
It means that they have different types of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotl , nolpal , and walnut , among others - and salxas -tamarim , guava , many , guacamole , etc. .
That day did not finish with the tacos . After a walk in Redorma and a long pause in the Independence Mall, we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we added crpes .
Third, say, was one of my favourites . The place is sooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel in the 50s. .
La Papoa Guapa , which is listed in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with nake of famous women and lovely drinks. .
Totally recommended !
Mra Azuo Rezturant in the north of Mexico City was the place for the fourth day of Puerquur .
The seafood is delicious . My recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Parasor and coconut water .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos at the place del Astero Hidalgense .
You have to be starving to eat a kolcajete by yourself . It is just too much for one person , so if you find it for breakfast, it is a good option, or you can share it with an amazing company, as I did. .
Do not forget to ask for a pitter of beef .
Almost a week in Puerquitour .
The sixth say was to celebrate Medda 's final test , a friend from school , who had already presented it to get the Master 's Degree, and farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Kemelas Oub .
You can't go there and not eat memelas , that is like huafache, but bigger and very delicious .
The department .
Free cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vi was almost with a man in the USA , we spent all day together. .
Smith says it started with a really nice breakfast bourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown. .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed up so we decided to eat at El Huequigo, the traditional Al Pastor special accompanied by black beer .
The last day of the Ouerquitour was accomplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberty cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love. .
Do not forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! !
These first two chapters , extraneted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens , introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This lid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husbands .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular lid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Oip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid. .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the unesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents. .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and finally like him .
At least I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister. .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the real protagonist, and the way he tells the actions is the reason why the story can connect with this reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist but telling the story as an insult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not see any description of the protagonist apart from his name. .
Akso , the narrator , mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions, referring to his own works. .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief, writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he wouldn't get him what broken bits of wood he could and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the character says .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjectove of space .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have omniscient power. .
However , his finger could be anything and describe the situations with a touch vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he rescribes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , still dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and dreative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapter when he describes the man who stole him as a man, afraid of the dead bidies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know what Mr. J. tries to make his husband and his brother suffer, and she is worried more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in his own house .
The neighbor describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation, being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Jod is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them. .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way their narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the chief who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually take with short and simple sentences .
Of instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter .
' My sister , Mes. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than me and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up by hand. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Having at that time to find for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Je Vargery and I were both brought up by hand .
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and short
' How lookee here , 'n' he said 'n't the question being whether you're to be let to live' . You know.
What is a file ? pic.
Say, Yew , sir quit.
So, and you know what, wails is ? 'Quote.
Say Yes , is a joke.
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , meaning a lot of metal cerbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The third said, 'Who d'ye wigh ?' .
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated by the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without feedback .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second chapter makes reference to the first and teveals, something about the the .
Apso , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through this text .
The thief die appears , but the first chapter ending makes us feel curious about their meat eating .
Therefore , I do not know how the storey will end .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters. .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending. .
The thief will probably probably take him on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts at the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombside in the graveyard .
I would like to lead a story without tape just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Previously , this would have been difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid. .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen, or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central themed could be getting over adversities, but if not , it is a bad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her. .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come. .
It was the say when she was going to meet her biological mother. .
She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it. .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them. .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to know what had happened to her biological mother, and they did not have Ann away. .
After finding the adopt papers, she contacted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of her little sister, who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant. .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sqra Fieldong , her biological mother .
A month passed by before he had the courage to dial that number. .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother' s rejection. .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone. .
At the beginning, Anna did not say anything , she could not hear any sound. .
But then she said, ' hello , my name is Anna, and I think you are my mother. .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They greed to meet the next ray in the park. .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions. .
Anna will be able to finally lose an important chapter in her life, and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day. .
The most exciting day of my life. .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna in Italy with my family .
On the first day, I was very angry because my parents did not take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hotel. .
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did not want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad. .
Unexpectedly , the third said , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at that moment I thought they were making a video .
Then I realised the boy at the centre was not a simple boy , he was Felx !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me, he smelled .
I was really exciting! .
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me. .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions, and winging dongs .
When he left, I was sad, but also really happy. .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life. .
L'Albero the Best Pizza West of Italy.
Some of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albrespo Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood. .
When you go to the restaurant, you know, the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs of the world's best pizsa .
The pace is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu . It is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far, I have never been disappointed. .
To start , you must fry the Rose Wind Salad . It is a fresh flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of piezoelectric crust .
As a maij dosh , you can't go wrong ordering one of their pozza 's aol are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious sea , the service is friendly and efficient. .
The star is very helpful, explaining the menu to customers .
Also, the prices were incredibly cheap . It is around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value. .
I promise you you won't be disappointed. .
The best places for young people in Dublim.
This deport looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country. .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College, as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area. .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities, like a museum , a cinema , a very large green garden, and many lubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Rox Pub was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a noise meal in one place .
The Odeon cinema offers multiple choices of movies in 2D and 3D and a discoun for students on Wednesday. .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students. .
Several people said that the National Botanical Garden is the best place for students to keep and spend time outdoors. .
On the whole, there are activities to take part in and many places to visit, depending on students' preferences and the finances available to them. .
It is true that people everywhere like wayching spotters .
Sport starts being acquired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds. .
In this way, both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided. .
From one point of view , top athletes ate good models to emilate for several reasons .
Firstly, , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sports , which are essential for their health .
Secondly, , doubling reports also teaches precise life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something is also demonstrated by professional airports. .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
Firstly, , sport has become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about joney and fame .
This can lead advocates to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play all and having the fun of the game or the competition. .
Secondly , there are those athletes who have disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or beat in order to win at any cost .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In confusion there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good rule models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent rock models for the youth as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sport .
Eickens and the Bronte sisters use the name style to realistic style. .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live, like Dickens, the city of London, while the Bronte sisters, the natural landscape of the Yorkshired .
Dicken and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person generator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story. .
Their realism is different, but in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental relails, in which he mides pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style, places with Romantic and Gothic elements like Victorian male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004. .
Of the given source , the overall fish and meat consumption ranged from nearly 60 grams per person over a week to roughly 230 grams per pound per week. .
From the 4th century and 5th century, 3 of them remained in a steady decline, with the exception of chicken consumption, which had risen over the 25 year period 2000.
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period 2000, beginning and ending at approximately the level of 52 grams per person per week. .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1978 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150,000 frames per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50,000 rams per person, beef in 200,000 and beef consumption fell from around 230,000 grams per year. Last week in Brussels, under the chairmanship and on the initiative of Mr pidla, a two-day forum was held on restructuring.
Chinese consumption was the only spurce of meat consumption which elongated stable, climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week. .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that sole secotors declined , others lost, and one remains steady consumption over the 25 year span .
ear Mr. Mr. Merrifield, please.
My name is Dmitry Lvov .
I am a post at the Russian Cancer Research Centre. .
Our paper works, along with Alexis Hervieux, on his study of art. .
Recently he has visited Moscow and we have been having conversations . I have mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work in post-pollution positions abroad. .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital imaging analysis while working in the field of cell biology, Alexis told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alex and your own publications - all support the suggestion that working in a tour lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to manage methodical and research skills. .
But to mention the participation in pioneering studies .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in acting cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells. .
Earlier, I had a publication in PLoS with descriptions of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of active bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells. .
After , I studied the accumulation of carious sinin - binding proteins and acting isoforms within the adherence junction in normal and transformed cells. .
In the course of this investigation, I have obtained some promising results which I am going to report on the CEBS - EMBK conference, which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September 2007.
Also, I am preparing materials for this next publication. .
Yours faithfully .
Dmitry Lavrov.
P. 172. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attached .
Diyry Lavrov.
P. 172. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place, which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugk city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much. .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parms, and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo to visit .
For example , you can walk around the Rkman Wall , which was made a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000, because it is the only Roman wall in the world that is complete .
I think that ulgo is very beautiful. .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugk , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Amony, he lost important, I can mention Szn Droilzen and Arde Lucuz .
From 4th to 5th October, Lugi holds its Wan Froilán Fiestas .
San Forilán is a festival of National Touris Interes .
This festival is dedicated to the city' s patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costume and folklore. .
Another important festival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .
It will be celebrated in June 2020.
During this festival , Lugo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can see Doman rircus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events, talking place and local people, and visitors getting into period costumes such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .
I recommend you visit Ougo in June because Ard Lucuys is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .
Pugo is an incredible city, and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Ceptic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the nigger the problem is .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing only large amounts of waste. .
City XCH has no specific waste disposal plan but a federal law establishes a due fee until 1st July 2020.
Despire There are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council' s goals. .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council' s eco -friendly proposals. .
On account of the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled . 86% of it was discarded inadequately. .
This is due to the low effecy of the CFP Recycling Workers' Fund program over the disposal problem. .
City X's incinerates hospital revenue in accordance with legal requirements and sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year. .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city but it needs to expand. .
The city has many projects such as the 'Keep it clean , ' keep it beautiful , , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the 'Let 's make it green, ' , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communa areas .
A later crucial activity is the 'Greater Communities' , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates the private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem. .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish. .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life, according to the HSED report of 2012, and also in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future. .
Most of the 'Recycling Workers' problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities. .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university because you can have lots of new experiences. .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is that you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams, so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do not , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study. .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly. .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies. .
We will be surrounded by machinery and robots. .
We all have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live. .
And what about houses?
Will people 's homes be different' or 'fill the same' ?
Imagining the future I see everything different .
The avant - garde and futurist projects of houses will be the most desirable .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of modern art, and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors?
In our service, there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence. .
They will practically do everything you can cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice, there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command. .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable. .
That is how I see the home of the future. .
Glax to hear that you have been invited to attend the last round of interview next month! .
I really hope to work with you tomorrow! .
To make sure you get the position successfully , there is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it. .
First , assess as properly as possible .
Budiness like suots and toes fit in well with the formal occasion. .
Equitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Second is natural .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every day, so they are not willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who is late somehow. .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
You are expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with customers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview. .
Since you have applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long. .
Pillus he is willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges, so he transferred to the sales department two years ago. .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department. .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions , like what you achieved and how you feel about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you. .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Loved .
Irks
Dear Si or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA. .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a pool in the cub park for eight to twelve - year - olds and often organised sports and wedding activities for them such as teeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college kitchen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully.
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance. .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him, and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone' s back and taking ownership for other people' s mistake. .
If I had my own language school, I would first bear in mind the main goal of raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide. .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance, but also to identify customers' .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and devise some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people' s awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language, school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase young awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses would prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
The lay job would be to recruit a staff of professional experienced and qualified teachers, and to seek an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide. .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded. .
Xand yku ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses, for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it. .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground storage contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live, in other regions, were sure infrastructure does not exist. .
Another advantage is that the developing natural gas industry equaks new jobs, which is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry, for instance in exploitation , mining , production and distribution of shake gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vaccine mobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to at least sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitalitu sectors as well. .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted research which showed that Poland had benefited from extracfing and developing the infrastructure of shalr as.
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually. .
When planning their vacation, a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Cholsing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some travel designations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly kocals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano, which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous .
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens. .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Muserum and the district of Mohastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens. .
Last week, nit leat leat , Crerete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks here , which are extremely fun. .
Summit up Freece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although deciding where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it is better to prepare for a long time before the team or if a few days is going to be enough. .
From my personal experience , I believe that it is much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It is quite important to be organized to set the highest score you can get in your exam. .
For example , one year ago I had my final surgery .
I have set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the extra plus, reviewing them twice. .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months. .
of hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgdry titles. .
If I had not had such an organized plan , I would never have had such a perfect score. .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the game night. .
It is quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when teams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethira of studies you haven't finished and are included in your dream .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school, and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies, thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam I realized that I had run out of time. .
I had insomnia in the bright of my dream . It was not enough that I was not well prepared, but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously. .
Ever since I do everything in my due time in order both to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I am fetting high scores , I assume that memorizing the details is important .
If you do not start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do not get the chance to revise everything before your exam. .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy work . I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details. .
In the exam I had that question where it required describing a concept . Quite amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced a long time and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much effort. .
So , for us, having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your work .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to prepare . If you want to bet high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying them at the same time. .
Do you not think you are worth getting the highest score one would aim at 100?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is not good for the environment .
The Carvon dioxide emissions are very small. .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular, and this type of energy is the closest to renewable fossil fuels .
Energy, which we get from the sun and wind, is still far only a few percent of world energy production. .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
It can not stop making energy when the weather is bad because people need a log of electricity .
If we run out of power, entire cities could plunge into chaos and this is unacceptable. .
Lia is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean. .
Luma was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535, as ' Ciudad de pos Reyes ' .
Loma was a multicultural tradition when, in it, there was a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians, which are the second largest group in the minority in Limw, includes Aymara and Quechua, and Faro - Peruians .
Luma is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences, such as the state of Peru - Hispanic legach with architectural monuments called Buacas ' .
The Historic Centre of Limw was declared a World Heritage Site in 1988. .
It is a city that keeps its history through amazing architecture like balconied , churches like San Francisco Church, which has mysterious subterranean catcombs, or el Real Felipe, which is the latest incredible Spanish fortress, through their costumes as well as Carnival . This day you can enjoy this popular and colorful festival, because you can wear water, wear a mask (on your face) and maintain social distance. Their typical dance style was La Mariner. Above all, they must determine how this kind of programme would be financed.
Lija is a beautiful city of contrast where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beaxhes , valleys , natural deserves and theisite cuisine give Peri 's capital an authentic personality, and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience. .
Lija is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane .
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I have done some research to find out the best savings account for you. .
Follow you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phine Hank might give quite a good offer for you. .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.5% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a diving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
And you do not need to lay any annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately , the bank does not have branches in Britain .
And all banking operations must be done by phone. .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650,000 ) , so you can do all bank operations on the spot .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit car (about 12 per year ). .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need them ? ). .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first service account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher, and you do not need to pay any annual charges .
And doing operations by phone is actually very easy, and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Fake care and see you very soon. .
Yours Agineszka.
To date, GML6, www.yagoo.com.
From Fort Vancouver, atyshoo.com.
Subject ? An important thing to do! .
My dear Palu ,
I am writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert. .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service. .
I could not believe my prayers when the phone rang and I answered, and they said they wanted me to meet at this concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in the sound recording. .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great and important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service. .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience, ! ! !
Yours .
Ionut.
I have been signed for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it. .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasal compared to what skirrs use these days. .
Every day as soon as I woke up, I looked forward to my morning on the slopes. .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own. .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero and you would freeze if you did not keep moving up and down the slope. .
My mother has a natural talent for the sport , but I feel quite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little I improved my skiing skills, and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself. .
Nowadays, I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment. .
Skking is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment. .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I have selected above are not accidental. .
I am extremely interested in giving experience in the business field. .
The subjects I have pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation. .
I have also participated in various group work and class projects while in high school. .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor' s degree. .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the conferences I have selected above.
Academically , I have always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities. .
I was the president of the Business Students' Association ( BhSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ), and captain of the soccer school team. .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role. .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high schools. .
Later , I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship . I decided to do some research on the Czech Republic before taking any step in applying for it.
I found out that the Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in 2010.
Czech universities provide high standards of education internationally recognized regrees , modern campuses with outstanding capabilities , safe and affordable education, warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe. .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is the lack of financial .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently and learning in some parts of Nigeria is not safe .
Right now I am greatly looking forward to the challenge of university life, academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passing for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the body of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team. .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst , at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
A boy is a man' s best friend.
It is a well - known fact that people need to communicate with other people. .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into true society .
They were solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with. .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
Doh 's personality is one of their best qualities. .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with. .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to him .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter. .
Dodg 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's face. .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haity four-legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch our human family. .
So if they sense that their own might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or something else that might have caused it. .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger this dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . Bathing and grilling do not need to be done every day , they just need to get fed and walked regularly .
These posts add a few talks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and end some physical activity. .
So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life. .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside. .
So if someone really loves their people , they would find time to pay a lot of attention to them because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It is great to hear from you again . I will give you some details about my experience at Zos Lake Adventure Park , one of the most well-known centres in our country. .
First of all , we started with a training assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining. .
Ludkily I was not good enough to finish the exercise without having any problems . However , you may need to strain a little, but more before embarking on this activity .
Rofk climbing was another of the challenges I had to face. .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You can't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain after such a big effort!
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly due to the constant support of your teachers. .
One of the latest activities offered by this centre was Divong .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to five it up , so if you do not want to miss out , this is a great opportunity to meet your trainers since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there, and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre is really worth a visit.
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else. .
With best wishes, please.
Sarta .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room. .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right . it was from Paris .
My mother had written to me after months. .
Since she left for Paris last year, I had been living in the school's residence , which was not cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed. .
But I had her letter , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays, I have to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot. .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had not forgotten me. .
I had never travelled to Europe yet, so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love. .
Dear Survy Madaj,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor.
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chineseitor listed at jobsDB on 26th January 2020, 2015.
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. .
I am deficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years' experience in the publication industry. .
Currently, I am working in a press as an editor. .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues with a strong sense of responsibility .
attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference. .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 123454545 or if you would like to discuss my qualifications further. .
I look forward to hearing from you soon. .
Yours faithfully .
Xhen Ki Tsoh.
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the local market .
Aware parents, disappointed with the educational system and institutionalized education, try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education. .
Although homeschooling seems , according to some of these parents' ' opinions , on a paved roadway , it.
Is a path not suitable for everybody' s cars and that compel us to seek other routes? .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon, since there are only a few countries, namely the UK .
Canada and especially the USA can boast .
There are lots of countries that do not.
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative, so far and others where it is just an isolated happening. .
The situation in Scotland can be assessed as a 'legal vacuum' in light of our constitutional right to freedom
Education, meanwhile, attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education. .
Educational and emotional freedom supports this alternative way of learning. .
Homeless schooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
Homeschooled students' success has been backed up by the results on standardzie tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now , before homeschooling your kids, you also have to consider the same number of roadblocks .
The lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for young children end up bringing a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned, I want to think about homechooling as a wake up call for education
Systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up because of this.
Soloperation and blindened learning is the future. .
geographic and natural environment around the building space as well as the neighbourhood would be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with proper technology and very energetic, efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials. .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter. .
Environmentally friendly buildings will definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the drawing board. .
Biilt with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylightts and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular even these days. .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urbhan housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Maybe it is building castles in the air , but houzeboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that could otherwise be heated .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their many houses ( and barging about it with neighbors ) , they will still need an arm, a dish, bed, and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it.
The alpha and the omega of a good team is thrust .
That is the most important point if you want to play handball. .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it. .
Otherwise, the opponent will have the chance to get a point. .
Are you a real team player? .
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in the world. .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more. .
This shows how rapidly the game can change. .
The lost ball can make your team the loser of the game. .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old. .
At first it was only a habit , but with the years it became passing .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional tenacity .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good tram and do not forget the fun !
Triathlon is a famous sport throughout the world.
It seems as if recently society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a short .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a job an effective way of taking the stress off our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling in their cars, whether it is in the morning before going to work or even at a concert .
Despite these two being the most popular spots amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable. .
Some of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport. .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling, and jogging, and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center. .
It also means I can propose the innovation that most places me can therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it. .
Triathlon has become very popular over the past few years, and more and more people are eager to try it. .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself too far. .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study. .
However, there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or most. .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a long year to earn money to help with the bills is time we spend. .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off. .
Most people think that this gear is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way. .
For example , things might go out as they had expected for multiple reasons, such as not having enough money or not getting a mob .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all fallen and know food short that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidix . I am 27 years old, and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage City of Caceres , which is located in Pain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a redeployist in a four star box for 2 months and a half in Bafajoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and giving understanding of front desk operations. .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company. .
I am flexible , a good German player , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently, and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italiah as well. .
Falking about my interests Travelling is one of the activities I enjoy in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages. .
You may contact me through Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or just call me on 659 1233 or 343056.
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
Art Farmer Gjles of HxM.M.S.P.M., is a fantasy story written by J.R.R., Jr. Tolkin .
Set in English in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Hgam, who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chytosophylax forms and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Tiles becomes an independent king .
I liked this story first because I love fantastic stories , especially Tplkien 's lines, plus they bring me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly, it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional levies, so the hero is an ordinary person , knights' feveal, forgetful, and incompetent, and clashes are too with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Deaf Sr. or Madam .
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in UZA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper. .
I am interested in working in educational institutions , or in social care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University insychology and received high degrees in both my teaching and supervising courses. .
In addition, we had to have a year of volunteering in our supervision environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so I am able to be a member of your skille staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with raising my four jungee siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor. .
In the past two years, I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area managers to organize activities for children. .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children' personalities. .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in younger environments. .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I should be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Your faithfulness.
Luhomir Sawicki.
Do traveling broaden your mind .
In my opinion , travelling does have your mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people, and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways. .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different generations and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to side the way in which other people live to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that if everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fish water , which is a basic resource, and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink, even though this is not true. .
Besides , when we travel to different places, we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture and we see how different from one another humans are .
For all of these reasons, I think travelling really broadens your mind. .
I want to build my career as a fully funded researcher and academician. .
To fulfill this dream, a PhR degree would be the most essential step. .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my PhR in Georetical and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed 3-phase systems. .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes, which can be used as drugs against several human diseases as cosmetic materials and as phofonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications. .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields. .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barcelona .
There is no future for public transport. .
The number of cars is growing rapidly . However, public transport is still in use. .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again. .
In some cities it is even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use public transport .
But what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well, it depends .... When you travel in your own car, you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , so it is your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place. .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You made the box .
However , as a driver, you always have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more at your pace. .
But think about the costs. .
Thini how much you pay for petrol nowadays? .
Consider as well how many days do you have for vacations? .
Kaybe chep arilines are better .
Beig back to our everyday life .
Most of us live in big cities and face problems with tragic .
What if we use public transport to get to work?
Well , they do not have to worry about the passing pace and , and read more books on the way to work .
Simpl , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself. .
What else is ?
After work, you can go for a drink with your colleagues. .
And if the ecology is important to you, just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect once again' . Is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion, by bye , there is !.
Is travelling by car more convenient? .
Well , it depends !
We're using the first narration. .
The first narration can attract readers' attention at the beginning of the fiction, and makes the readers get intro the thoughts of the madman easily .
We can't understand what others think, usually , but in this friction , the author invites us, know that inside the madman 's minr .
Feeling that the main character was talking to us as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed really happy. .
Acing the murderer directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
How does this author create a word of horror for his readers ?
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that describes the murder makes readers help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
Just like the man' was happening right in front of us. .
Then comes the sound , the heartwaters .
In my opinion , heart heat is the element that pushes the whole sort into the climate .
Every time she, the sound of heartbeats, starred arousing something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time, when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became incompetent , scared , excuted, and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time , the geartbeats also made the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think he was this author who wanted to express the disordered mind of the man by his intonation .
The whole story evolved at the end of the fiction . He confessed the crime . Madnan uses an intonation that is extremely calm and steady to tell the readers the process of the full thing that he had done .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelt , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy. .
Shivering in our hearts , the horror increases .
Mr Letr went to the forest to serve the majority of animals which are found there, he said Mxa told his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around, trying to find different types of animals , such as birds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees, then around the fiver , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass, That is, that's the ?sum , Max said aloud .
They ran quickly , crossed the river, and they reached the place where the animal was. It’s a private thing for the parents, people go through this . I feel like it exposes you, she said.
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Because of this decision , Max took charge of opening the teap , but the deer did not move because its leg was injured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the rivet to give to the deer. .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .
Afterwards , the animal was better, and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life. 'What an amazing day to see Max whisper to himself as he went into bed that night. .
The question is whether it is possible to be famous without journalists. .
Probably not , but there are many people in business or political life who are ready to do everything to have their private life .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons, namely because of their jokb because of their scandalising private lives .
If you decide to become famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about titing paparaxzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life that says more or less, plus 1. It is not important what they are talking about . It is important they are talking about, you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life. .
The real problem is when a journalist invests not in celebrity , but in friends or family .
Paparazzi are rich in contact with families, people 's children that may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals? .
In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their burning line .
And when the paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave the alkne .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand their duty is to save their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who lives to the sea , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday, I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon, called ' Las Fichrras' .
It was suggested by two friends of mine, and according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fin and rat for Mexican food after a stressful week. .
In my opinion , the food was gold, but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the meat service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as 'dishes' from another table serged for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay, and the bill was shown even with our ssking ( just because we had finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ). .
For my luck ( or not ) , , I met a friend of mine on the day after that . She told me that she had had dinner at ' Laz Fidheras ' before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service. .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later. .
It's Pistilla y Corazón Taqueria 's was the first Mexican restaurant that I could read genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service. .
They served us soup nachos, soup with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes. .
After choosing a bottle of fresh water was served again for free .
We chose soup of meat with guacamole sauce, and it was absolutely delicious. .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit, confirming that great plaxes still exist. .
Hey, ! I survived ! ! ! :)!
First of all, YES, THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYER HELENA, NEED NEEDS, TBE ARTICLE ! ! .
Second of all , Ow ARE YOU ?
And also , where are you ? ? ? :)?
In my case ... I am much better note I am settled back home and I am up and down , even though my uncured sprained ankle gas goes worst .
Last week, I was bortowed an ankle support and sole cruytches , so, since then, it is going better. .
Furthermore , today, I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions .
So I should be back on jumping around in no time, :) .
As you know , Alta was a big puncu right in the stomach , which, for sure, I did not need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired, but, as if that were not enough , my scholarship ( young enough not one of the only other participants ) , is not sufficient to cover all the costs, !, etc.
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malata with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to thank YKU once again. .
Back home everything started fast - I should have gotten used to it by now I guess - .
So I did not have time for much. .
I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of a scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both of the feeling of most meeting his expectations, and of the ( I am guezsing , as I do not know anything as yeggo ) less money earned that it will mean .
Score Sorry , I 'm gonna na' ( ab)use of your native language skills, once again in fact here, no meeting his expectations ' ' could be substituted by another expression' .
What I do not is the difference between this bunch, to be golden enough , measure up , make the grade be up to standard or high task .
There again having a whole bunch of free hours days !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , provided itself to make wonders ! ! ! .
I decided to go back ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had begun going every day, lay down ) , and I started getting things done . Plus, I gave a rest to my ankle which was very much needed to help.
The two - day , one - night trial with my mother and sister went quite well. .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful and because of the limitations for my ankle we could have gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I will be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned. .
I have set a lot of CFs and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ). .
About the pictures from Rqmla . Could you save a bit more time ?
I haven't found time to download the pixtures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to start out , I was ( and is ) definitely NIT a priority .
Do remind me again , if you see that I am forgetting okay .
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
Because chatting is way faster than writing, ;) .
I am glad to go nl. .
Talk to you soon Jike .
Receive a big hug from ( YRS FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015.
The Guardian 's article 'World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming ' , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
According to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unforeseen consequences in the future .
The World Meteorological Organization, made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has reduced more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels. .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks. .
Then leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephem Belcher, , director of the Net Offside 's Hadleu Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperatures or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of Energy and climate change, Mr Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays' s politics, the two its consequences on economy global security and the fight against poverty .
We stand up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states, and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries. .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarking thus statement with the example of Central England , which has warmer 20% than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water streams and lots of harvest .
Facing these consequences of 4C warming would be even more damaging, according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass gap in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008, 2020, there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this diagnosis will come true, according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study showed a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet, in terms of living conditions , the environment and economy, and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates. .
Fifteen whaling nations formed the JWC after whaling populations collapsed. .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans. .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten separation criteria .
The World Heritage list is important because it attracts tourists, and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world. .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants, but these are endangered species in the area or have a significant importance in history. .
World Heritage is the designation of places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity, and as such have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country in which it is located and it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the sites for future generations .
Its protection and preservation has become a concern of the international world heritage community as a whole. .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the list is that once a country wins the Convention and has sits inscribed on three World Heritage Lost the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties. .
A country may also receive financial assistance and exert advice from the Work Heritage Committee to support activities of the preservation of its sites. .
The disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage list are that these sites are hot funds, so they can not protect them against risks. .
Moreover, they remain in the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance. .
In my opinion, the sites in danger unless they do not answer the ten criteria should be protected by UNESCO. .
It is difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion. .
I loved playing , watching and talking about it .
It is my first passing and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes. .
Crickeg is a team sport which teaches us team work collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weakness and gain advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team. .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood. .
Even when I was a kid, I started playing with boys of much higher age than me. .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly. .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played. .
Sacjin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer. .
I am a fan of his batting. .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history. .
Apart from his cricketing skills, I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations. .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket, I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lar and Pointung .
To learn more about bowling, one should watch Akdam Warne and Murli .
I would also advise reading more about cricket on cricket.m. .
It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in depth. .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandaps .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent bow .
I met a friend about one week ago and he asked me a question that I can't stop thinking about what is on my bucket Lust .
I can't stop thinking about it because I realized that I had never stopped thinking about my life in such a deep way. .
By the way , do you know what a bucket list is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die. .
I think it is kind of sad that I do not know what I want to do . I do, I do NOT know what makes me truly happy. .
About two weeks before I met him, I watched a very beautiful movie called ' The Vault in our strars ' .
It is about a teenage couple who are dying because of cancer and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply . It made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciating the really important things. .
So, after watching this movie and my friend’s question, I can not help thinking about my life. .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live lore , but I have no idea what this means .
Before that, I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I should do other things. .
It is very interesting to think that it will be necessary to meet someone here from another different culture to make me think about why I want .
It is very strange that another person became conscious of a very profound pity for me that I have never thought of. .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe . the only certain thing on my bucket list that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today because , for the first time in my life , I am sure that I need to change something and I think this sort of something is almost everything .
People's lives will change in the future and I bet it is not for the better .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , history is not an unstoppable march towards progressment , , whatever that word means .
It is a critical process. .
Rome had its way in the first century AD , but three centuries later it was only a shadow of its last .
These later period Romans were not even able to make the high quality events that their ancestors were able to take and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier. .
Anx, who can safely say that three centuries from now, humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted. .
No one can ensure such a thing. .
But I do not think unless there is another World War , people' lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years. .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak and after that there will be a decline until a new dawn games .
But let’s pick the World War hypothesis for a second. .
A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people's lives in 50 years from now .
But there is at this today prospects for a new World War .
I do not think so , but on the other hand, what the hell do I show?
The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence, fight now for all I know , and no other , or only a few very broad and intelligent people know about it. .
One day in the future , Franz Ferdinand could be killed and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times. .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War , a third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already. .
But please do not digress into that , that is all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement, on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To Date Sam.
From Fort Simonetta.
Daxette, 05.30-30.14.
Subject (Applause) This is a growing sector in which many new jobs are being created.
Hi, I am.
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together. .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it?
I have already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and how it was great! .
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask your parent'sssss permission ?
In this camp, parents are calm and do not worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants, and the camp is situated on an entire island. .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities in society .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff, all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities ).
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on, but what I like most is the cuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The camp is well - known and open from May to October, and it would be good to board within two weeks . It always gets overbooked for that period. My parents can talk about family when children have been born and are being brought up.
I am looking forward to receiving the answer !
Bet wishes .
Simonetta.
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door. .
Outsixe stood the most extraordinary - looling, and he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter. .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriend. .
She came down but she did not scream .
After that , she started crying .
The man, as it turned out, was my father who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive. .
Mother had always told me he had died in the war. .
I think she did this for my own good. .
I was very disgusted by the situation and did not know if I liked him or not. .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual, but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic. .
It was very odd to see him in my home. .
Now we will live together. .
Although the forest days were difficult , now we all get on together .
It is time to be a whole family again. .
The Grand Olace is the central square of Brussels. .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages. .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helled each other, and the elderly ones taught the younger .
Sometimes they become very rich .
Each building is decorated with the blaze of the corporation. .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful. .
Today , most of them are hosting shops and restaurants that attract a pot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area. .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels, which is made of narrow pavef streets , and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored, and we can now better use their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Every Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings, while a huge fire tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Riyal Casrle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Pokand it is necessary to visit it .
The first castle , called Palati , was built in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded and , in the 16th century, finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - The most representative remnant is probably the most famous, an arcaded calendar .
During the tour, the visitors were shown several rooms and apartments as well as Royal Privats Apartaments with four - famed tapestries of the Polish ' kings' collection .
Another attack of the gour is visiting the Crown Treasudy , where Polish coronstion insignia were stored and wmoury .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history, as well as the other collections .
While visiting Aawel Royal Castle, he could not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle were , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royao Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness. .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish history and culture. .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours and , for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago. .
I think I am very lucky because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to now learning our own motor language .
Moreover , I have travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer, since I started learning until I was fifteen years old. .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English. .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understand in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago, I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enroll in a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills. .
Along the course, I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers. .
And there I realised at least two things, namely the first one that it is possible to learn from others to write better, but the second one is that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so bad to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it wouldn't be a magic show if he did not know how to perform the trick. .
In the same way, I had the ideas and the cards, but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic truck of precise and stylish writing. .
Adolescence .
Everybody says it is the best period in our whole life, but what they do not remember is that it could also be the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a flying patu, and even when it seems you can see something three it , in reality you do not .
This wealth is composed by our uncontrolled emissions. .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our patents, For every time we discover something new, or we say something , they judge us or begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confluence our minds .
As I said, adults can be very confused, and if there is a thing that gets under our skin is when moms sag something and then yell at us to do the opposite, .
The worst part is that they get angry with us. .
We are confused , they are not clear, and then they also get angry, and they are surprised when we get mad at them.
It is true that we should always be respectful, but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us. .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of coincidence because , in the end , we do not only feel anger towards them, but also a lot of love. .
Love : That is a new ferling that adolescents have to have. .
It is not the usual love they are used to feeling as love from family and friends , but it is a new kind of love .
It is a kind of movie that struggles, but it makes butterclies fly in our stomach . It makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of, like the type of love that does not make us fall asleep at night. .
It is a period in which we have our first experience and it is as scary as exciting .
Adolescence is like this . There’s a moment that looks magical and in the next one you drown in the dark .
Dear group leader. .
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice season and enjoy modelling at home .
In Mallorca there are a lot of places to visit, but I would recommend a nice place without tourist noose and crowded beaches .
To the east of Mallrca, you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà, you will find a copper ton , situated on the edges of the mountain range of Plevant .
Sa Colònoa de Sant Pered is a traditional fisheryilage .
Nowadays , you can still see some visitors fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts. .
In order to get to your destination, you must rude a biographer and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
You will ride until Ca lps , one of the most stigmatical beaches in Mexico .
This one is part of a protected arra , a natural pad .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said, ' see hace camino al andar ' .
It means that the most important thing is the way , the journey .
Going on a bike near the seashore with the brewze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in my life. .
On the way to Ca loz , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a group of trees called ' tamarells' ( native trees of the vast of Mallorcq ).
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels. .
There go van practise different sorts. .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fish , sea urchins and seaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the white sea. .
A part of spots , you should not know different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificarications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical twoer called 'Talaiot' .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet. .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an impotrant building for high -pass pelple. .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sin goes down. .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Trampuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlucsia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the vape of Formentor .
Ca. los Canx is a mixture of wea , narure and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour to please keep a true secret .
Regards .
Paula, 2006.
Introduction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after open learning. .
This report analyses the two main facilities , the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
These machines are fantastic and the staff really help with every customer. .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded, so it is very difficult to do exercise. .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length of about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is both too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are so far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Cobclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent, but the gym could be bigger. .
Furthermore , you should use heaters to avoid colds in the passageway from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Transport.
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine it overcrowded, but see a rusty subway train .
As technologies develop and become cheaper, more and more people by personal care. .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others. .
Travalling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end? .
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will still always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a cat .
Students , children from large families and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time. .
Secondly , cars can also be turned into public transport .
Scienced fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars were used freely .
Everyone can use the nearest car he or she sees. .
Thirdly , people do not have inborn driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true of older people who lose the ability to drive as they age 18.
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least for near tens of years until 2020.
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries. .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called ' source countries' , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest salaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones were called 'the destination countries' , because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns apart from the last country , Country D. In this context , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Count D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion, we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Bumping is a common , well known and well - located sport in most countries in the world, However, it is also punishing and dangerous and dissuaded to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
All professional boxers are at risk of being killed in their best fight. .
If not killed, then more likely paralyses .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks. .
This is just from the elite few and there is more from those below them .
More deaths would occur from boxing if it were banned. .
The port would go underground . There would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue. .
With this going on, the people's tsking part will be dreadful and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were subjected to killing and mayhem in similar underground fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . The new boxer could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned and no - one throws up, knowing it is acceptable, there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , lets all round interest in violence, making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There would be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
Change the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of the sport and not distort the entertainment .
There are small amounts of plroposals lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn to ban punches to the head , headfuards, aorn or make fights shorter as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds . These would all show off the boxer 's skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt, he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brain have been known to start as a direct result of nothing , even Myhamed Alu , who was infamous both for his boxing and his quick - gifted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do major everyday acts. .
Many other spots are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering. His risks are rare. .
Boxers choose to not just as racing drovers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works' ' characters' is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and therefore the products of ethnic American literature can notbe be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rathet , thus eve - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggles and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority work , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole and although the mother 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub rebel against such forces as arranged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government the characters' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures . For Celie , too , rebels were arranged marriages in The Color Purple , and the murderous moves in Jazz reflect Titita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water or Chocolate .
Rebellio and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are depicted in other pieces of literature .
Imphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and the Color Purple , other minor works, including Love, Mledicine and Jaz, do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures on the obvious rebellion of the characters, a responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
This can imply that these ethnic American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optkmisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurrence is for some good .
Foltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candide, the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thher - der - Tronck, .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optimism. .
For example, when Candide is forced to join the Builgar army, he is being admitted to death, but Candide does not concern himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book , he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good, it is not because of his training . He kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop , with no hesitation, and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart brother .
The Voltaire show is the dance of l'opitmisme when Oangloss , Candidd and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned, and there are only three survivors : Candide , Pangloss and Saklor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city to which Candise was sailing to .
On arrival, they see starvation and death .
Canride is obviously horrified , especially when the sawilor begins pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer, but Oangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it. .
Xandide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world South America and has to leave his darlliny Cubique with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not see what possible good could come of this, especially as the reader that he was in America was due to him milling the Je andr Archbishop because they were Cunjonde 's lovers. .
Throughout this book, we begin to see how Canidde is gradually led away from l'optimism, or perhaps more importantly, his l' Optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
This constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring, but leads to a constant flow of disasters. .
Cnadide 's belief in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - Sen. - Tronck because he embraces Cun'yobde . He is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake . He is also killed as part of an auto - da - feng . He kills the churchmen . He is almost eaten he finds Elsorado much more endearing and comforting than the list continues. .
Candidee 's life is governed by his belief that gold will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Catherine, but Sue is mostly the beautiful young flower that he once loved. .
Sue has become and grown worse by this way. .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimism .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her , despite all the trouble which he has gone through . Of course, in the end , he does get Cun'égodne, , but at the price of her appearance and personality .
Voltaire in Canride shows how the philosophy of optimism is one of despair, not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European communities as an embryonic United States of Europe, but especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European unity. .
However, it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States. .
When the original 13 American states resorted to, for what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force. .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual to have as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example, in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today, he still gears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the same policy - making money .
In Europe, it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force. .
However, it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europol 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ), , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a single Parliament for Western Europe, with the power to make political decisions for all those and even with 1992 approaching and a single market, the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide. .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged. .
It abilify to make an oath and law - made by it or Europe - so that it retains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it would tomorrow repeal all these laws .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it, and Parliament consented .
But with the average jingoistic Britain, there is no chance of us curbing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe. .
Even now, the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent , we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile world. .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the east of Europe .
Whenever necessary , he has allied himself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history they have been more concerned with their overseas empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century, though her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty, it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe. .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is, judge made law .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our law . Of course , in many respects it will be the same , but the pack of influence will display many differences .
With the formation of a simple Europe , news laws will have to be accepted throughout the continent and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause feelings and discontent .
Of course , the same points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change, and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered. .
Our individual monetary system, I support , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise in fundamental political concepts .
Of course , Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the Union .
It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic regional structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved but the Union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality could be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that others will never accept. .
Europe, as a whole, faces the same problems and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently. .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally so that individability is preserved and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots and the fears of losing it are very great .
Whether this will happen needs to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the Union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians peading the countries .
With 1929 now only a year away , the question of what a single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain. .
This loss's heed, not, however, be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms, I fear this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would not go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handling all control over facelifts, bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg. .
Throughout the world, a kind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe, the rest of the world, will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process. .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making, which will eventually decide the new world order. .
However, to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such safeguards will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any central body. .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid readtion force. .
Whilst to an extent, collapsing defence costs could be cut, this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available. .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain, like the rest of Europe, is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries. .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography. .
Politically, we are moving closer together. .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen. .
E.R.M.C. is already upon us, but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful. .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system, I do know that no system can lower interest rates and inflation while raising growth with the possible exception of the Magic Cirdle .
In the area of the single currency , again, I feel this is inevitable. .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEX as opposed to an agerage based system .
To conclude, I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed. .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty, but the gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the boat, I think we will drain before the next boat comes. .
When the Treaty of Rome was signed in 1957, the foundation was laid for a new EU continent - a united Europe. .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly but over several years .
Ben Brotain entered the European Community in 1973 . After a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Maroet , the debate flared up again but over how far Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992, but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant. .
The former Prime Minister Margaret Thatchet was not keen to leaving Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of pure sovereignty. .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved. .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 and the single market .
Trade will be easier with no frontier controls allowing free - flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already with decriminalization , the new Euro - pawsports and now the pound stering being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain affect day to - day matters to create a 'European Standarf' , .
This may make Britons forgetful of Europe and tired of ' 1992' '1992' and 'lal that's .
A single market requires one central institution to co - coordinate all movements of goods and policies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the sound sterling is taken over by the ECJ? .
It may well - but will these Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views? .
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks. .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons of Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects. .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will? .
Perhaps, as more of Britain becomes 'Eurofied' , it will wake up and see its sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe. .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade. .
We had been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone. .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to move up. .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty. .
There has been such a lot of talk about a single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon. .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed ' Will this man be a poss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation?' .
First , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting, owing to eoing things once instead of twelve times , will be enormous. .
Firms , because being able to build their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reunited with as regards competition. .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new single Europe' s standard of lifting should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Smiplicity is one of the Commission' s key aims with the idea that if things are simpler and easier for everyone to understand, people will be happier get on better .
If this is so , they should also do work better .
Ideally, then there would be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain? .
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other Member States , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why should this matter?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a faur number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become enhanced in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may often feel lost, and that they do not really 'not belong' any more. .
The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this ideapism really will work .
Will there be greater prosperity with better - informed , happier citizens or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies? .
Britain , although small is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definitive stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character , at least in integrating itself into this Single Europe ??
No one would dispute that. This is a difficult question. .
The fact remains, however, that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a single Europe. .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is, of course, , the more successful the single Europe will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards transparency .
Then we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way. .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - cooperation. .
The community has an ability to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe. .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers, but movement involves only goods out of service capital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one, but to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community if at all ??
Let us look at the founding of the European Community before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states caller for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
Firstly was Europe' s realization of her own weakness after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly, was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided. From Fort Vancouver, at its pinnacle, McLoughlin looked over 34 outposts, 24 ports, six ships, and 600 employees.
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community in 1958.
Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three.
One of the most innovative features of the European Community, compared with other international bodies, is that the Member States have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called integration. .
The 1970s saw progress in integration with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies. .
All of the Member States agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 . However, each wishes their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that one wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty . Many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and and could see a drop in standards if they do not stay firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to badly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity. .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe. .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling, of identity, takes over .
On Britain's roads, there is an ever increasing volume of traffic. .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without good - laws and traffic jams ..
To remedy this, the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing wind roads and bypasses , with improved reception .
While the road system is being improved, there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place. .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic. .
It might feel an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport, i.e. the railways. .
People are not taking to the tail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas. .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route. .
The main disadvantage of the railways is, as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies, it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train. .
If the services were integrated, there would be a bus time table, which coincide with the rainy arrival times. .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would normally have to look forward to a long wall , wait for a bus or an expensive train ride. .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the train. .
To improve the daily service, trains have got to be tiled to arrive and depart at any times, i.e. arrive at dark clock and leave at half past 6 .
The train and bus companies had to lose with each other, and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap, i.e. the same price or less as it would be to go by caf .
The basic dilemma facing the UK' s daily and road transport system is the general rise in the population. .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK's transport network .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities. .
Most larger cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport, thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods. .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in population . If it is made cheap to make computers clean , easy and efficient, then it could fake the strain of the overladee British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances, rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle, yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic we are our own enemy .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitter into the atmosphere, damaging the ozone layer , creating smig and forming acid raxin on the Earth we are living on .
Including, I wish to propose clean , efficient, comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The modern traffic jam is not a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world's population. .
If every time we use a car to travel any distance, we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back, why do we still insist that we travel in such aander?
To illustrate my point , if every time you take a train it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it. .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road?
The answer most likely lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far an 'awy no' ' greeny' , who wants to make everyone live in private and eat soya bran soup . However, I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today. .
The government's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on road roads is to back move . They are not even attempting to address the problem that more and more people are now driving .
We all feel that we have a divine right to be on this road. .
Why ?
Do we the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at an environmental cost? .
Just because we can not be gothered to get out of need a but earline to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then so will the rest of the world .
That could have disastrous implications. .
The second reason is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped seeing trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced into the road routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back ofcing more people onto the roads. .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of red uze .
This has now been identified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies profit - motivated .
The vital small rail links may now be closed proviously they where subsumed to make up the loss . Only private companies can not afford to do those , so many will lose , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stip the circle will be to break it . The only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport, it will expand into a food service industry. Unfortunately, the public is not able to be attentive to this idea. .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to bead high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled and Kur belobed Frank Beuno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull, which may cause a brain cut or mor. .
Last year , the fight between Chiz Eubank and Micehal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as a way out , a chance to make it to the goal and earn a lot of money on the way. .
There were , however , people who regarded nothing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence. .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have mutual respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight. .
During fights, doctors keep close to the king and had the authority to call it off prematurely if required. .
Abmulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that a fighter should enter a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young voters , to bring boxin would be insan , while it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used, and there is usually not a doctor present. .
Gaking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurging the opponent , it can be said thatboxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other ports which are rare, more brutal and dangerous , such as ' hai boxin ' , where competitors aer encouraverave to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term, I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is more new for the majority of the British public? .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic, it may be, but basically that is the main principal of boxing. .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head, his brain moves vigorously inside his skull. .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells and body fight, and if this occurs frequently, then the boxer can end his career with brain damage. .
In my eyes, and probably the eyes of others, this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport to play the east is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opponent out' , although this is argued by Chirrius Eubajk. He believes he is a sportsman, and the style of boxing is an art form he records that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out, but to win on points, differences, and to give Chris Erubank his just result. Most of his fights have been won on points. .
But there is one exception - the original example the first references why boxing should be banned : the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who dies, not specifically go into fights to knock his opponent out ). .
This example only proves too well what dangerous so capled ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot' , after having rungeide doctors , banning bare hand fighters, but the tool and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sphere tragically dies .
A recent death in this ring has inevitably led to a public uproar about the safety of the sport and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel. .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutality of this sport , which is possibly why he enjoyed it so much .
I have yet to hear any governor regret his choice of career. .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy of knocking an opponent to the canbass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The job that is there for this thing for the very best of the best is ridiculoius , and both dome tip bowers, earning sums of money such as $20 million ( or, in time, Tyeons come back cash , $60 million ! ). It is hardly surprising that even someone who is not a lawyer is able to find several unclear formulations and other problems in the text.
Let us consider ' ' Sku' , 'Viewes . recently began a subscription to view This Search Mext Live Lights' , .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either. .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a bler who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ). .
These individuals and others learning about the fragic incidents in the media protest against the sport. .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport, would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bryno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight Champion of the world yet how sorrt many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical view is shovelled by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation in France than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main connection came from celebrities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity instead of buying a lot of tickets with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottoery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which, as I nor see as the strongest vontender for the budget, the companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs. .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to Charith , but was rejected .
My personal objection to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that a large proportion of the consortim are American or foreign firms. . For example, JBM has a substantial stake in Camelot, 44.
The British national lottedy run by a British firm. .
Since its introduction, there has been more controversy over the national history. .
When it promised to give 45 cents in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money. .
For example, 3 million pounds was given to Etn College, one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium was also given to the royal opera house. .
The lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood , steaking from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards. .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets only to be disappointed. .
It has been calculated that only 4 cents of every pound received by the lottedy goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax, the peize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of inning anything substantial is one in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpot was too high, Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ranned their lives , alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained but not in its present form . I know that the jackpot should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shawred between more people . It is better to give fifteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove any American citizen intruders and give the charity money to more deserving ' charity' .
As this lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to resolve it from society .
The commuter has been one of the most influential inventions of all time. .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business science and communication as well as any other area of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and rush through precautions , and so we need not understand the principles behind them any longer. .
This , unfortunately , means that this Gednius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science, which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case in the future .
Coputers have been used as a means of leeping records . They have a bug, superseeed handwritten text , ( in a few decades, people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ). . They are used to transfer money across the globe even to create a break in supply and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in real life , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not this computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant. .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet and some people prefer their form of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even having to move the actual money - the physical damage does not matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of. .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ). Computers can not deal with human beings . They have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations and can not adapt to new situations using judgment .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only human beings can cope and deal with that .
Aoso , computer, can break down , and then a human is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumpu , pride and perpexity .
The word watched in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the omages of the TV , expecting something weird at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school. But God’s promise to be with us and to transform us is as strong as it was on that night when shepherds were abiding in their fields, and suddenly there was the light of God.
But we all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and we were proud to be a part of it -- it was November 9, 1989, the day that the Wakal fell in Berlin-2.
Within a few weeks , the excitement had dued down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
Bit of me this had been the star .
It was the start of what our current President Bush likes to refer to as the ' or ' ainning' of the Cold War --
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in van -- for 40 years the people had suffered under a communist regime that did not allow them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- many people had tried to escape ...
Spme had been executed -- I had a classmate who had escaped from Hungary -- He had kept his family and friends his whole life and bad self out of Western Europe with little money. .
I had asked him once if he had not been scared scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- even though I had lost touch with this classification . Her father' s words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans' ' success' , the people of Hungary Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Romania, those against communist regimes as well -- No. 1, three gears later , communism, as we once knew it , no longer exists .
Whether people are happier or nog , I fan any day --
However , they will have at least seen the same other dress .
Their struggles and bopes of fifty years will never have been in vain -- without the events of the Berlin Wall's , history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually I think that things would have turned out as they did --.
However , history can not be rewritten, and as things stand, the fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Book -- as such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War, and therefore though we may not always remember the other significant events we will always remember them, they will fall --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world. .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of the world. .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . They have provided love for my family , they have cueed my grandmother from cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less obvious corners of our lives .
The case of the men humans have developed is where the greatest problems lie. .
Also , they do not threaten us , but when they become welders with certain aspects of certain people in our society , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular. .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller. .
And I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets. .
In schools , geography classes rarely if ever exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world. .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described and I feel that its people have adopted the same. 'I am self - sufficient - I do not need any help, the type of mentality that will always destroy us. .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators. .
Until I was 15, I was unable to study any foreign language at all and even at that time I had only one choice of languages - German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience linked to this .
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its slefish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out suits in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many shows , the czshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simpleness of eum without the aid of their tilla .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers. .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past, with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as failing are good for us. .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness. .
When people talk about artificial intelligence (AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and still eventually rule us. .
These are just the ranting of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer. .
Even ' artificial intelligence' needs to be programmed .
Human brains are still working out how to build computers , how to program them, and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making the human brain redundant, computers can help to improve learning skills . They can teach , test, and improve our linguistic skills. .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say are drawn their children into ' zonbies' .
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of things we never knew existed. .
It is now the age of this computer. .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one. .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past, which filled whole dooms. .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in must deconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education. .
But are they such a good thing ?
When calculators came along, a drop in the ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious, and now they are used for the simplest calculations. .
The computer could do the same thing. .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public shy work of something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time - saving and efficient, but it causes people to forge basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a ' spellcheck' to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today, computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational. .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours just at a keuboard, tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen. .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships. .
Computefs vans offer escape from the hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games, but they are found - numbing and un - inactive .
There is, however, a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work for man .
This could lead to high unemployment. .
These people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems. .
The reaction of tapping cells all day and staring at the screen can be harmful, and not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again. .
Computers may be the future, but what pacts will many have in this future? .
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly walk, and the only career available would be for computer programmers. .
I agree that computers are helpful, but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them. .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools, I feel that work should be done mainly by hand, and calculators and computers should only be used monimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again save normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include, for reason , identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society. .
However , many people dialike or are prejudiced against genetic manipulation .
Patly, this is a 'far of the unknown' , something which rampers with the infectious components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people and therefore provides support .
What people have also become aware of is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good for feeing popular culture ( the film ' Jursasic Park ' being an obvious reference point ). .
There is also, however , the very real possibility that the power of magnetic manipulation could become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for 'evil' ' purpose .
This, , is an argument against scientists bearing more responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused. .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow user to suffocate .
Everything in life if misuse , can have harmful effects, and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - inside or car , this is partly a subnective view by present - day standards. .
Certainly , we would not hold the makers of a car or machine responsible for their misuse and there is no reason why scientists should bear the amount of burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse. .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , humans would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud that the existence .
Scientific research is not corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition or bettering itself .
The other fundamental law is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , i.e. .
No - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery, then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards. .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work is that , quite often and particularly in the case of genetic manioulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But since genetic manipulation will become common place in the future and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovers genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the monarchy. .
of them are listed below.
The divisions in their family and the fight between the prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people sag ( or think ) that they do not do anything, buy the water rich and also do nothing, pay any taxes. .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy is bolishing in many countries and many countries are republic, so monarchy should be abolished in this country too. .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too. .
For example, many people like the royal family, or they are honest people, not like the politicians that always lie .
I think the royal family and monarchy is a tradition in the UK and everywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished. .
In the end, I think if many people want the Monartchy to be abolished, a general election should be called and then see if the Monarchy should be abolished. .
In fact , in vitro fertilisation, is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory, i.e. in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father. .
Once fertilisation has occurred, the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal. .
Normally, more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy. .
This usually leads to multiple births, i.e. .
Twins , triplets, etc. .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child start life in an est rube , as they believe little life starts from the moment of conception .
There are ethics involved whereby who is given treatment and who is not? .
At what stage should the treatment not be given, and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles, for example? .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child. .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own, she could have a blocked fallopian tube, causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb, and it is only fair to help her to have children. .
Technology has progressed quickly, and in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind. .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations, i.e. .
1. fertility treatment should not be given to post-Menopausal men .
The menpause is the body' s way of telling you that you are to end and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby. .
Last gear, there was a case of a past menopausal woman who, by saying about her age, was given vile fertilisation ( IVF ). .
I do not think this is fair or morally correct for the child, since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school, and her mother wouldn't fail, while the child was in her teenager but there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not part the menopause .
2
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuse will have been abhorted for a reason, for example, if it was the result of a rap or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the lother and hot from dead foetuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since the 19th century.
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are now able to have a liver , heart, and eben lun transplanets . There are many complications, but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays , biologidal operations can be carried out, on humans who are not even born .
Bodies can start their days in test tubes .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a womab placed in a test tube, and the sperm is placed in the test tube and the egg and sperm gushed together. .
The test tube is then inculcated for a few weeks, and when the fetious is confirmed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally. .
This idea is extremely artificial to married couples who have been trying for a baby, but have been unsuccessful, are able to have children. .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond, and it would deel part of the head . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do, few is ethically incorrect, is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby. .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children so shy should she have one implanged into her .
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension, and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child. .
Also, the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child. .
The child may also have to look after the mother in the old stage. .
As this fetoius begins its life in a test tub , and the sperm is selecter , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
The way the zex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The home has 2 X chromosomes and the man has some X and Y - chromosomes 1.
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperm's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be deparated .
If the mother wants a baby, a sperm is selected and if a girl , X is selected. .
This mat led to an increase in cod sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result, this would reduce the population as there would be less coupoes .
Also, what happens if most people the year you are horn are men and eat a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex ?
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the treat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system, which can be passed on through consummuming the animal .
In cows it is commonly known as wild cow disease, and by law and law showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
The problem is, however, the signs are not shown for a long time . This is a viral disease .
It can be passed on to gumans through eating parts of the animal such as the braib, which is affected, and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meal, however, is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak , offers very little change of the disease being passed on .
However, the British press have ignored this act and blown the situation out of proportion, considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef. .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry, preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain, but for export as well. .
With glibal communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and some places banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of its safety' .
Although British farmers have learned to diversits , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were utterly shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease, bovihe spungiform encephalapthy , or HSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the class lose a sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdd, where this disease was found, were put down before the symptoms progressed further. .
Those cows, which had been out down, were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain and , as the spimal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for leat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
The human disease Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase or CJX is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of CJD is on the disease or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases from all ages have been diagnosed recently and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to date .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. and many abstain from eating beets .
Manu schools have removed beef from their menu , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious where everybody boycotts beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry' s future will be unclear .
Geef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellkes , fruit gums , and, of course, stoches .
Would these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous herds of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but being bred as they are for beef , they would be useless food milk producers .
Not all beds can be infected though and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJ are pinked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by sating meat contaminated with the former .
The nation awaits the verdict on theenterhooks , and it is in the majority' s interests that there be no proven link .
With this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that men are better at diagnosing CJD than ever before. .
Time replicates say that it can take up to 20 tears to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roasted beet and Yorkshire puddin' , tahnkyou .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ), which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disease ). .
BEE is a disease in people that effects their brain and spinal tissue ( or offal, as it is sometimes known ). .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is not thought that ' bad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the tatal disease to humans. .
This claim has sevested the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness. .
Already, the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 %, and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to attract and part of the cows, offal must be contained within the beef. .
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat, since it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As you can imagine, this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants, where beerburgers are the main item on the menu. .
An example of one is McDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefberries are made from 100% fresh , pure beef, and contain no fat. .
In my view, as no recent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poof beef in case a customer caught JD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant. .
An outcome like this would mean they would be shed for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production, there would be a lower need for beef cows. .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this, the price of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers. .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CDJ in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to low demand .
As a result, they may have to diversify towards other areas , such as crops , milking cows , etc or even have to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJE was not strong enough before the claims were released. .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary deleterious effect, etc., on the agricultural industry and beleaguered .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person' s dedication to the task at hand. .
If he has preconceived notions concerning one' s salary , he will certainly be disappointed, since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others. .
Contribution to society ' is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate equitably ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living but merely lived off the interests of their investments .
The stock market was experiencing a boom and several former working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early 2020.
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites. Later they received proper protective equipment, but it was, unfortunately, nothing to do with that.
People now invest money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
Having almost unpimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on. .
But do they have the right to live this way?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably? .
A migrant worker may slage away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a gip at lunch. .
The answer to this question lies in people 's feelings about democracy' .
One would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children' s inheritance ), he or she is entitled to it. .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works in a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is hidden or ger on fault ( or bad luck ). .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life, and what they make of it is their own responsibly. .
Approximately 50% of most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid. .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too much money for the work they do , yet none of the soctors are losing their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ). .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work hard , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past , women have had problems with society 's role of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home. .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for the same job for a man, verses a man doing the same job. .
One is the age that the son is required to stay home. .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women' roles is the femimists. .
These are groups of people that have endured women over the years. .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the work place can do. .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women. .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted, a lot more. In their lives .
What hasopens is that all women have to go along with these feminist rules. .
This makes it hard because if they do not , they are looked down upon by their liers .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war. .
Feminists argued this a log when the Iraq war was going on. .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight. .
I felt that these people were crazy. .
Wojen nust can not fight in a way very well. .
They are not strong enough and , if captured , could be raped .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones. .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotion in the work place as not begging fire .
Also, sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believe that they are the victims. .
I agree that, five to ten years ago, this might have been true , but now at employment are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women's faces look differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men, and there are sometimes things that men can do, better than women. .
Gor would have created us all the damage if this was not true. .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed. .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men. .
I think that the traditional roles were a good tying , but modernization has changed everyone' s habits .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising women are having more stress , and students are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if it is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency and running a lot more companies .
Eomen should be created equal , but they can only do what the structure intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun, either it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with physics , feligion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women' s Liberation Movement in America. .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century,urdy men 's liberation has been met with distant and often obstinate opposition .
Some of the first radiivals Susan B. Antony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists, such as Emoly Dickenson, were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement. .
This ignorance of other laws aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by disgruntled elements, and was therefore detrimental to the good of society .
Although head articles such as Snad and Athony seem dicile and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the early beginning, the Women' s Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle. .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of this movement , but rather in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lin really took over again in the late 1960s , it was again destroyed for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between ' normality' and women 's Lih .
This is still due in twenty-five years .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and their own liberal causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadows of the bra - burning anti -Shaving leaders of the 1970s. .
The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of radicals. .
So what am I getting at?
Olny that so - called feminists have not in mind themselves share the women 's movement. .
However, , the popular perception of them was .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting things , i.e. radical ideas .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the policy it was being aimed at was not so jaded .
Within this century , there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago. .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible. .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time, but one has only to turn it on to the night reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places and a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
Television has the advantage of bringing air into the home, as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more gully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masees , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the kind of most Americans , television is regarded as a dispersion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time watching shot-coms , sleep - opera , and cargoons .
TV has become the center of many households in many families . The only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families and has also resulted in an increase in laziness. .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes, but there is no need to do worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Television therefore has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of a few years ago .
It gave society another creative vein , a world which can be seen in no other way and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the year , television has lost much of its integrity . The programmes offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties. .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed, but too lazy to think about this new information , and has instanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people's lives and their way of thinking is the epidemic known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , it’sssss presence hasn't really been known till fairly recently and it‼ssssss consequences have been devastating. .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure. .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people, which has torn them apart. .
For example , there is more of a stigma attached to being a homosexual jale , not only because of their sexual preference but they probably had AIDD too. .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart. .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion, was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complex outcast and would not allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all times high .
Doctors are discovering that some undetecable strands of AIFS do exist. .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDE and not even know it. .
I feel that has really made people think about their actions. .
In the early eighties, any casual sex act in the United States was a widely accepted idea how it was something people really took into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one might think .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful and with more education on this disease , I am sure more changes will come about. .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous period of time. .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a number of people living in close proximity has rapidly shrunk .
In the end of the world wars , peace was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , , and most fighting, weak on our people, hard, hard .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atoms and their energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not perhaps in several times .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fears began to replace nationalism and found small world erected barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with nati - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities, not underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daioy , normsl lide .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear child wave ages .
On a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement and implementation .
As a commonplace gola and testimonius landmadk to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of America, from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an always circulating chief executive command post from the air .
In just the past three years, our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and the undreds of other small symbols of freedom and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this the walls , varbed qire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change that our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America, the military has been reduced by several thousand troops and the production of nuclear weaponry has virtually arrived at standard .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will return from mediims of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this changing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cool neighbors may once again be warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry. .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infectious diseases. .
This can wonder - reducing also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured in vitro - in a laboratory. .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient' s survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical specialists , and the industry increased tremendously. .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active. .
New drugs were also synthesised, but some were found to be medically useful, while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine. .
It was not much easier to obtain antibiotics for simpler illnesses such as the common cold .
Huve enterprises such as Upjohn were formed and grew and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics. .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a mounting industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their tissues still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an increasingly faster pace than from the very first modern computer in the 1940s to the computers of today . There have been many technological advances, and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories, such as accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc. .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous, but, however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
This manufacturer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint. .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
From word processors to spreadsheet or database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster. .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also, almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary, as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
This mental effect of computers is two - folf .
First up, computers have made mathematical computation so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surplus of ' needless ' computations , figures , etc. .
People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time. .
Granted , it is the person who told us the computer what to do that duly made the error. However, if that person knew what he should do , or later stated, he was able to do with a computer , he would not have made errors. .
Mathematical models , theodies , etc. .
They are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do not know or can not predict .
Due to this, errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many 'value variables' , .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people. .
A computer 's circuits do not get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another person's possible computation ) , they never make errors .
Thus, supposed reliability has kept many workers out of work. .
The effects of this are unpredictable. .
Anger , frustration , fear and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw this computer away or never use it again. .
Ye tuere are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could limit alarming predictions or erroneous reraults .
The key is probably in the classeoom .
People should learn more about the ramification of what they are doing. .
( This probably requires understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science ).
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people' s lives .
A large 1-2, e.g. sometimes as large as a small IAT , with a metal arrow in its center, has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite dish , created in the late 20 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part 1, it has treated the Information Ave. as the latter part of the 20th century is often labelled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Gurner recognized the use of the satellite , with his creation of XNN , the round - the - clock , round - he - would news station .
Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to believe first had information from the network such as impeachments , coup d'etat or civil wars .
Decisions of governmental autonomy are being made based on that night's news, CNN commentator .
The leaders and presidents of businesses such as Naval and CORE, refer to CJN , created by satellites, on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood. .
This entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite is , subtitling the Information Age with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980 dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money pledged into creating videos and the profits from viewership - have had a strong effect on the world economy. .
40% of U.S. millions were entertainers. .
The satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for cable TV and naval programs as well. .
The intelligence of an average teenager is weakening itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
Navap programs have wasted, exceeding amounts of money in the United States to the satellite dishes .
And one must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes for worse .
It has created an information age which could be dangerous and heighten an entertainer' s salary .
The parks and cob of the satellite dishes are numerous. .
The only observation which can be made is that, it, has altered people's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse. .
The discovery of Atlantic energy , is undoubtedly the most awesome, tangible invention, not only of the 20th century, but of all time. .
In 1945, J. J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today, the Atomic Bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives. .
For this reason , it is considered the most war - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day the world' need for this dangerous energy increases .
For not only does it have the capacity to kill .
But also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the fanger .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories, we found the risk of contaminating our land , blowing lles in our sky , rendering our seas useless and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use we can escape harm .
Already, as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have hoels in our ocean layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It should be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confine and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants. .
The sadest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so. .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling. .
With the lack of respect for the planet, that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world ' environment' is a bad one. .
It is also, however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible. .
This is why it is imperative to say this today .
It starts with you .
Written by a local journalist. .
An invention of the 20th century, which I think has significantly changed people' s lives, is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people' s lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people' s perceptions of the entire world. .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept, which no human is capable of doing without a machine or the concept of flying. .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own. .
One could travel by boat, but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather, Also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel, people often have a very ethnocetric and limited concept of the world. .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain, and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited. .
I can admit that before I came to Spain, I was very ignorant about other cultures. .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures, I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand. .
The infention of the airplane as fast doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of airspace, the world has increased close contact between political systems and international business endeavors .
The frequency at which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically with the establishment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically opened up the whole postal communication system also. .
Life with airplans is more rapid - paced .
Cara telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had a profound effect on modern day life. .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 19th century. .
Another major discovery of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women. .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ). .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have a woman in the home housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 1970s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which was filed in 1984.
Even today , the woman still only hears something like 60 vents for every dolkar that a man hears .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It is only recently that we have discovered 'noun' , or begum, to think about ragher , how many things as varying as pornography or the language we use here, to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a ' discovery' in progress, but it is a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Ohly, when women have achieved equality with men , will there ease the need for feimnism , and the discoveries have been completed?
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people' s lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment. .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear weapons. .
We realize that countries which have many powers have the power to destroy the world. .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclea waste is not only harmful to humans, but it also kills animals and plants. .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers. .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes, with or being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nayure. .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending. .
Now though we recognize what we used needs to be replaced .
For example, deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have been formed to plant more trees .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively. .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling. .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing many nonbiodegradable products and the other of using what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those who wish to home bbbs c. they receive money for their collections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy, it is also beneficial to the environment. .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy. .
In the past , we assumed our energy was never ending .
Now, though, people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they are not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and , basically , most to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment, but it also saves money. .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life. .
We are no longer able to kill animals .
We do still raise some for food, but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibility of extinction. .
Onizes that animals have rights .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions. .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with. .
But we are heading in the right direction, and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed. .
Computers have definitely affected people's lives. .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it. .
I am able to store almost all the information I used for school and for other things in my computer, whereas before I had a computer , my desk was checked with paper and records of all sorts . I no longer need to keep these records, but only to transfer them to my computer. .
These jeans I am able to store more information in an organised fashion. .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer' abilities , I am still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I am also able to process and to exit things quickly. .
For example , without the use of a computer, I had to balance my checkbook once a month and add to this with a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer, I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make. .
Also , with the use of the Word Proxessor, I am able to edig and arrange documents with it, altering the entire document and furthermore , though I have yet to use the communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father had the same program on his computer and was able to buy online tickets, without leaving the house and, moreover, without picking up the phone. .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I am working here in Madrid. .
How did I get there?
Well , I applied to this program , was accepted and flew here from the US .
But we'd put the use of computers. I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University . No doubt you will be able to echo these sentiments, Madam Commissioner.
Instead , once I applied to the program - the application of which was probably computer generated - I assume my image was processed by a computer .
With out this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible, minus the aid of computers .
Technology has had a more significant impact on people in the latter 1.5-2 of the 20th century. .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people' s lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , words , etc. .
Now if something is happening in any part of the world -- from across to all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hard accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ), now they can see it happening or for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own informed judgment about the event, and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately while the emotions are still strong and before the action is finalized .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the work as a small venture more unified place or as a global village , as one journalist has called this world of the information age .
On onoy, the news , but also entertainment, is an important practical function of television . Through television, entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions sent out to their ends and understand the consequences of their actions without having to perform the same action and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately, these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life feel the good guy always wishes and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted and so bad that people go around acting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistent for centuries. .
Progress has gone slow like the tidrs, and the constant rhythm of the waves has shown little changed. .
However, with the day break of the twentyth century, a storm has brewed. .
With this storm, the watchers have churned and spawned a wave that has crushed upon the rocks of every kitchem .
This wave is the imcrowave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionised a science like this. .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared. .
At the dawn of time , cave len coked animalk fksesh over open fires. .
As history progressed , slits and barbeues emerged .
Technologies saw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones, rueled by coal .
Modern times see gas and electric ranges as staples .
All these things had one thing in common with FIRR .
Flame , the source of life , has always been used to prepare food for mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave uses radiation to activate water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in wild footsteps, but breaks away from convention and goes en route .
If this were not amazing enough , the kicrowave cut copking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use rire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitced , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the cheapest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The mice' wave is excellent for re - heating, making it easier for people to access food to be eaten later. .
Autumn time is considered -- Chileren be able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting in 2020.
For, as I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing place of life that most of us led in the 20th century. .
Throughout history, one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were embedded to create the microwave, which is essentially nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do. .
This service has been one of our most important activities and this revolutionized life in the early 20th century. .
When I was in third grade, a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the fadio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship propaganda .
In the 20th century, the amchine gnu has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it killed ) , but the invention of rafio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through aies waves with the potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century, radio has become a source of information and entertainment. .
Radio keeps people informed .
I do not think any people of my generation can even comprehend how our lives would be different. .
Every morning I miss the weather forecast and dress accordingly. .
At night, one can sit by the radio and head bow while the events of the day unfolded. .
Rado , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years, but it was not until the invention of the radio that the power of the media became evident. .
Radio gives the ability to each majority more people instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people' s lives. .
A typical day for a child in today' s world consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There have even been forms of entertainment , for example, videogames , made of this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old and for her TV is the greatest thing in the world. .
She sits in front of it, all say, and it keeps her happy. .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day. .
In short , I do not know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things. .
The current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society .
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and we need to not do this one fails. .
One can see these ideas in popular media every .
TV Comerciaos and TV programs project nodels of how he should be .
In the 20th century, c. 1775, the value of the value that the United States was founded on has changed in meaning and sense , when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
And today , hence the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers, life for Americans moves at a much faster pace. .
People are more mobile , can work more , and do more things , but time for relaxation and family is often substituted with TV . In America in 1882, this growing individualistic society one nobody else is the real - life humanness between people . Instead , one sees the differences between the unlucky the unsuccessful , and attribut their inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort. .
With everyone moving at a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss . The voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that will be used are regulated .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak. .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Acadekie Dranassais , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Acadwie Frontexais , all literature of the Neolassic period must follow the rules of privacy, which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard held by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plug true to life .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , new legal sense regulations and followed them in his literature .
However , when writing Candire Voltaire defected the Acadmie 's rules .
Canide is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners, so they did not want to stress on anyone' s toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or stay issue. .
In Vandide, Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on troes - in fact he did hot mind smashing fest !
Goltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
The fold of the two girls of Orellion , who were lovers of a monkey , and of the Baron , who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murderer while he was on too of her .
The wife, a woman, underwent the removal of her buttocks by pirates as well as experiencing rape .
After Theron is caught breathing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candie stabs Haron , a Jesuit priest , after the Baro fkrbids Candid's marriage to Chnegonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly by Cunegonde and the old woman, both still their tales of being defiled, like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels, plus the Baron also continues his tale with styler after yelling of his beatings, and after Callide's kill the Baron . He leads to search for a satisfactory foundational wind instrument that could support masses of sound above it.
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candude .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from church and state issues. .
He acts the Hippocracy of the church in the good Roman father, bringing the Pope .
When Candide visited the land of Eldorado , Voltaire showed the people' s perfect relationship to God . They only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire used this perfect relationship to hold in an unfealistic situation to foil society' s imperfect relationship with God in the real world. .
Voltaire makes fine of aristocracy in his description of Baro , who came from 71 generations of nobility, but still lacks gentilesse .
Cancide and his companions, done with 6 dethroned kings who represent the importance of society, placed in hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of our society .
According to Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Fields ' thesis. .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies. .
Most cases are those of the 'trugger' pling the finger. .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but les actions have taken place more than 30 years ago .
year's minorities could not ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragation deduced some prejufice , but it still exists .
The difference is today, social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person. .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things, bail and return the favor .
This is based on the equality theory. .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person. .
Someone who lives in the north, who comes to live in the south, may not be prejudiced toward blacks at first. .
After living in the South for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
This sake does for southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews. .
I know someone who has lived all over the world. .
He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacis , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he lived in. .
Our country has been cooned as getting - pogspot, except that we all come from different areas . We all came from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneos Americans .
But a person's heritage , as we realize , is important to their sense of self and community .
Eastern American cultures have been reviving and trying to establish roots that were once dropped off to a model U.S. century.
The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that breaking pot out of our people. .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ). .
They do not want to accept these differences. .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plight of their fellow Americans. .
As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night Series about indifference , it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ones, but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by viciously and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture. .
The gaumt of ethnic American literature is without borders. .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique' .
In many cases, the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different 'mothes' tongue, etc. .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and visual, partly because the language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisopographic or literary because their native language is so .
American American literature is often meldious and rhythmic, mirroring their similar achievements in jazz and blues music. .
All these examples ( and lore ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know. .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspects of ethnic Algerian literature .
It is through the experiences of these characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States. .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they are through, we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American saves and of Confederation camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference. .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors, there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American loterature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways. .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others. .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us. .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better. .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live and grow and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference. This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country. .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1-4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcast is a serious concern. .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ). .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent. .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychological muederers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ). .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree about its effects on children. .
The V -1 chip is an electrical device that blocks any violent television shoes. .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it. .
The Senate Commerce Committee approval bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so -called reporg card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it. .
This bill would likely be broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1, 2006). .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows by the Senate V - Party , the House V - Chio , a Technology Fund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Vice Report Vard .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support. .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of 'playing piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy ' .
This NB also insisted that broadcasters have already responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1, 2006). .
Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers. .
If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show. .
Many soft television movies say that they may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advice , but how can parents actually watch television with their teenager?ss
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 1995 season has concluded that sinisterombat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1, 2006). .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are Teenage Nutant Ninja Turtles ' , Spider Man ' , and some Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .
As for the show containing sinister combat violence , well, that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for television violence is to add texture to the snow and not to poison children 's minds. .
The inflexible V -1 chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but on days that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it rationally or not .
