It is difficult answer at the question, 'What are you going to do in the future ? but if the key the two has to do, it is in the millions' .
Wh I was hungry, I used to say that I wanted to be a treacher , a saldsworth and even a butcher .. I do not know why. .
I would like to study Psychology because, one day, I would open my own psychology office in help people. .
It is difficult because I will have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you will study it easier. .
Maybe I'll change my mind  lies not .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future. .
Its rich oiple ailo buu a caf, but the poor people always need to send a bus or tad. .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your car than travelling by road. .
Also  you'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends, not change your cellphone number .
In my experience when I did not have a car, I used to used the bus to go to the school and go back to my house. .
In my opinion  the car is not necessary when to have crashed in the street  in that moment, you realized the importance of a public transport .
In India, we have various types of public transport  like Cyxpe , Bikw , Cst , Tribet Flight .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired distance, a mode of transport is chosen accordingly. .
But generally speaking  travelling by car is much more in when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a crop that I have recently been to in the place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hour by national highways to go from Delhi to Ahmedabad. .
We have stopped at hotels to haging food and just in case if any of us feel hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip. .
Since 2009, we have the option to wait until we answer to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by taxi ( Flight 1 ). .
In addition to it  we can also ride a comfortable short hang on the back seat and wake up ready .
Due to the above mentioned reasons  I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years old. .
I am looking forward to join you in this yesard shelter camps. .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them  well , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing. .
I hope that you find my time chance to visit you. .
Yanks.
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love played with my friends. .
Volleyball is a sport at every place  when I travel on the beach, I oikahs with my sister in the sans, and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny. .
When I was young, I lived play with the ball in the playground and my video, and I played using my silver plas as a network of volleyball. .
Dear Jo  .
How can you ? I am writing to inform you that we advice on travelling and working in my country. .
On one hand , in my country, there are a lot of placed to trace .
Tord example Barcelona  Madrid  Sevilla  Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for expampos in Madfir hoy van visitu Puerta del Sokpour , U.S. Las Isabella. .
I visit Madrid twice a year. .
All summer I visit Aevilla because I love this cigu and I suggest that you visit Seville .
On the other hand  in my country, we are a few job because this economy is very bad .
Bhg  if you want, I kook for a nob from gou .
My best friend, looking for a people responsible to look after her sister. .
Bedr setef is 6 years old, and you should look after every weekend. .
How would be interesting in this job? .
Thank you for your e - mail , it wasonderful to hear from you .
I am looking forward to seeing up. .
The care  Laura .
Today, public transport still plays an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future. .
Because public transport is a cost effective in better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also, people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own case. .
But it can be a chaeper wt going to their destination, especially it is far wazy for second .
For example  I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to pay a private airline travelling to another country .
Instead, it will be common to use an air pick and rise on public plane .
In my opinion, I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used, because there are a lot of people that dies, not have enough money to pay for a car, even if it is used  so public transport continue to have future, but people are going to use molard the cars, then bus or underground .
If we think about it, the car is better because we do not need to wait for them, as we are waiting for the bus or underground shop in another way, car cut more money than the public transport. .
By car, we can just stay with ourselves, which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like, and we do not seem to be around people that are unemployed, but if we create public transport we can meet friends or family, so both translations are good and yes, cars do not need necessary to end up with the public transport. .
If I had it to choose between both transportation, I think I probably choose car because it is better for me to go by case, then to go, by bus. .
In my community  we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
We have solar oamels and a place to make compost at the last garden  with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the poll .
In some strategic points of one building, we had special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic  paper and catboard , cane and pet bottles, and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems, like global warming , contamination , etc. .
Fue management of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science analyst. .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community. .
Gold morning everyone  today I want to say about is my favorite short .
My favorite sport is football  why I choose it? Well  football is a international sport  people around the world will love it so much! Examples include aggressive forms of distemper.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
I believed that 's all will delighted us.' .
By the Qau , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome. .
Michel was a little sick when he had a crystal that was to be a super hero. .
After mang ysars, he still craved to become a super bero .
He enters the university of medicine because he thinks that his profession was the more similar to be a zupewr hdrk .
Press some years of her university, and he knew a girl called Kate and he get loved on her and she get loved in him. .
Kate was curling the universe of fashion .
They told you started to date. .
McNeil and Kate was so happy  until one day that Michael said to him,dam, to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous, arguing that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream, and that Michael was only dreaming, but that would never happen and that super hero do not exist. .
When she said that , Michael starred to carry as get mad, saying that she was dying and do not nav's heart. .
He got so mad that he asks her to find out of his apartment. .
In London, dh  sad said, 'Eorey, she, the, esa happy again .
But when they get to the home of Kichael, they fight again and Michael get a knife, said Ilpl Jr. .
He cried when a lot blood poured. .
I'll get away from there. .
Michael closed the door, a knee at that moment, he had murder a nisyake .
Lublioc transportation is an important invention in human history  it brings amount of benefits in our life. .
For instance  we take suviewy in order to avoid sinking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation  however  it would cause mots damage to our health and that our environment .
Therefore  we need to think more about our future  our offspring .
Giving them a safe  calm and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation  traffic jam will be serious than before .
In my country  fapei , we always stick in traffic for a hit one hour in the morning. .
I can not imagine if there is no GHs or MFG , how long I will take for school .
Cqr is convenient for human , yet it brings damage to human also .
For example  carbon dioxide, which is created by car .
It causes global warming which threatens our environment and harms our daily life. .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disasters happened in decades  such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mudslide .
What other precaution ? is usually taken ?
This NG Office is notified by the photograph when the film is shipped .
If two fukm do not arrive on time  it immediately .
Later shipmen have been found dead dasipy when his process will be started right away.
The pleasure of traveling.
People go  people cimene .
Even day lots of people are travelling abroad, but  what is the best say to do an international travel ?
The most important option to travel is  by far  the plane .
But  even when it is true that it is the faster option , you must be very carefully at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for conflict and repax , obviously  you have to take a boat .
There were a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip. .
Although  the better option  is pick up a train .
There is no preparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window  enjoying the way that i am doing a c , yh ewt larg , the cheapest way to get away, soimd daha and take the routine off some days .
Anyway  no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
Your pleasure of fravelliny is travel at all .
Transportation One of the most important things on life, so we have many of kinds of transportation now we travel by sea, but in my near future it will be other customer and they want to travel like fast transit and plane that is transport you from north to south in less than hour. This will make business even happy and comfort, because of spending a lot of days as efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible.
In modern societies  there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
Big project could not be finished without co - operations. .
Friens could be communicated and exchanged the ideas  feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly  two larenys gige of lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in the world .
In third cases  the fanciies powered important roles in daily lives  .
The rrasohs are as follow .
First of all  we could learn lots of skills for parents according to their own expertise. .
Fif example  we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way  and we could also leaf up to make a small room parents .
Secondly  the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the damiliss , the ideas would come up to your families and communities with you about how to solve this situation. .
All in all  in this case  it families are the most important friends in our lives .
Gh Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last year  making the old computers almost less , getting better when making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discovery .
As we can notice  old and new computers were vastly different , starting from the size of the computers  old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Klc computers were used to occupy on entire rooms  nw , they only charge his size of a box  even the size of an gooo .
You can charge a portable computer nboa  and take it with you to every places you visit .
Old computers only pet you make maty tasks , or even small simple gamee with 2 computers ( grrenn nn blck ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet  watch or make videos  invent new stiff to improve the computing technology  and not only in 2 computers , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing  is the Internet , where you can connect to other computers  download stuff  to . via Ethernet cable or wireless connections ( Wi - Fi ). .
Ger, feet m8.
I went to be bandon house and started to think the beat sat to make his sound miserable I passed due next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sound .
As I di n't found nothing , I went to the place he live at, abr started to look for some information about his life and of people who he care about so as I continue to go to his houses in notice. He would always go to the same house, so I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating. A girl said, Anas narrated to us such-and-such.
But win a minute am I ready so anxious to make this ?
Yes, !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind, I did not had no longer control over my actions , I was unaware of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control my mood and, in only thing I could think of, was human suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel, that I finally had my revenge  the best revenge .
But I am so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible  or soon my fear of death of my anger for all of the suffering I have been through became stronger and bigger  I had made a decision I was going to do it  if he decided 4 years of his life, touring me and to wanting me to be happy I would. The file is not supervisory in that respect. I had a personal reflection.
I am not agree with this idea completely. .
On the one hand, travel by air is fealky much more convenient as give each chance to toy to be independent .
On the other hand, hard traffic jams are a big task for travelling by at .
My favourite sport.
I bright to be a football player. .
For me  football is everything in my life .
When I serve football on the television, I dream with all in a big team and in a bigger championship like Barclay's Premier League  Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite club are Behfica and Texl Madrid  where Ronaldo plays  of me he is the best player in the world  that is why Ronaldo won the GPL's squad of 204.
I lay flotball in a Portuguese club filled vapenciano and we won a lot of fans this season. .
I dream in, win a lot of leagues in football and win the best championship  the United States Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in UEFA Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favourite player. .
I play football because I like, but then only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad. .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a bo team and win a lot of money. .
My name is Jenny .
I grudayed from Natkonsl Twiwan University of Science and Technology. .
I am 25 years old. .
I am interested in looking after children when playing with children. .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of hoping basketball competition when I was student. .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competition live. .
They enjoyed the game. .
I also like to do so. .
If my km cooks  I always help her .
My personality is cheerful  energetic and hardworking .
I always simply to people .
I really want to get this jump. .
I want to play with children and see their simple pay day. .
I think that smile is the best gift in this world. .
I am also a hard worker. .
I have passion for this job. .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a response  Thanks .
Public transportation basa nden loee used by people and over the years, it is kind of bedoning cheaper and also more safe, but dome people prefer cats to exist, do we gateen with and what is shut really for that, that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay?
Before about 40 years, there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars, so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars. Travel became viable and also became very supported by clubs. At the beginning, it faced a problem of who is exactly doing what?
Nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient for cars to buses, even trains and plants.  Some people prefer to see clear words of criticism here, too, but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even cheaper than when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the walk experience and to enjoy mode by checking out from crowded places.
To summaries it is different, or some onssi, opinion to another. I'm expecting that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more, and that by far end, cars will disappear and will no longer be used.
The topic itself, explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the new companies and environmental thrust in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture 1.5, ceario drastically changed in past 10 years.
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth. .
A large scale of investment was caring for biofuels development. .
Meanwhile  it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
If go are living in big town or small, it does matter, but how tabling could be taking care by the people, an organiser of town town  is environment .
Global warming is hive issue in today’s tweet. .
Governmen should take immense action to stop it or at least name it, slow down .
However, we the people have really important part of making it worse. .
Active as a blood government underwent the task of taking care of trees, shade, water and air, and much more to provide a fresh  cheap and safe environment to their people .
Decycling its can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment, which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city. .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government. .
People is not realizing that cutting the these can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere. .
Eventually, human will have no more fresh air to breath. .
Additionally  our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of atkl or predentation to increase the awareness of clean  safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion  I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one way it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has a fafouriet report. .
My favourite sport is football game .
On our school or village, football stacuum is dependent a pot of ti every day. .
Usually, I play football with my classmates. .
Because training is ran 1 - 2 kilometres, and my legs get a piper and my body gets an energy. .
Lud team has a war - working coach and the gifts, progressive advice to us  how to improve football skills .
He's in words, like, y'st work and work very hard , if you can, to get high results.  .
I can say  thatachu is experienced person .
Just so long ago  we are had competition .
The first place was getting by us. .
We have achieved this result  because we are friendly and organised .
I believe nar in this future, I will be a famous football player in terms such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Foybal is my life. .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport, because you must believe in yourself.  .
Hsllo my firend .
What is up? .
Hls are u  .
How was your day today? .
It’s really nice for you expressly e-mail yesterday. .
I regret that you were not there with me  I will try eicriube everything precise , because I know that you very.
Dard, Paul  .
I have seen your notice in the avadem newspaper and I am quite interested . I have no plans for him, said so I think it is a good idea to amend it. .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English. .
Although I came to Spain in years later, so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary. .
Also  I assisted to a ballet douese dlr 4 years when I was young .
It was a kind of time ago  however  I simply let the rhythm in my body. .
By the way  I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members  I was to be the teacher of art day and I did not forget it because I felt wonderful. .
Zlp members congratulated me  as well .
On the oyhet yadn , I have taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young. .
You must know that I am a very responsible , kind and unmy person .
Rhta makes me a good candidate to achieve the jib , or the hobby for me .
I hope to keep in mind my candidature because I am not going to disappoint you. .
Set wishes  Julia .
In my opinion, public transport won't be suffered by the shortage in demand. .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car. .
Besides, there are lots of new unemployed people who can not buy their own car. .
So I think public transport 's future is bright. .
What is the 'SME' simply mean ?
In my opinion  Family is the place that had you wish friend can help each other or know each .
In the Taisanj , many of people have to take care of their parent when they get old  but one point is what if you can not survive  I mean, you do not have enough money to raise your parent .
Back to the topic  I do not know well any of members of in my family  I don't trust when  honestly .
I like New Zealand and bedaise, here are many islands. .
By its way  New Zealand has a cool weather .
In Malaysia  the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That is why I owe all of you to go there and feel the pressure and have a fun their own fold. .
You can always bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memorialues to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand and bring believe me it is very beautiful place. .
If I has maintenance  I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in Lentini  a small church in East Wixily .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment. .
People collect big kib of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
Although the Council began to loan something , the people is not committed with the problem .
Around the city  you can find many places where the people through tribo , kitchen , or amianto , , iilde things or fueniturs .
What a point !
The subrgs of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
There are orang trees , a large low and Etna in background .
When I was a kid , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me. .
We need players in the lark or we talled about tafes , music , boys , weaugh a lot of ...
Bit. When I was a teenager, I began to live situations that I did not like it  for instance  the girls said to me, big years or they talked bad about me. .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life. .
I remember when I received my 15th birthday  only one schoolmate wanted to go back to my party. . I think that this week was one of the best days of my life. .
There night, I cried because I felt that I have no fot any friends. .
However  my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and they went to a pizza and gave me a pog of presents. .
In there moment  I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me. .
Now  my husband is my bed-to friend .
He is the most important people of my life. .
He has never been with me. .
Also  he is very funny and I laugh a li with him .
Both like to travel around the world and to practise space spirits , for example  tennis , running or tracking .
We likes watching TV series and cooking esvera deserts too. .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially  Dagid , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier, fly by day. .
A busy life always comprises to be the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation  which has made public transportation system a bad behind motor caf .
Hi UZAw SUMMRF, CAWMPS  .
This advertisement of a film has been read by suitable lorson. .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy traveling, since I am teacher, so I like working with the children. .
I am sure that I will look after children very well. .
I soul like to spell English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For me, her hna , I could teach Spaniards to be children in the summer camps .
I am waiting yours a week. .
Hi Zwm.
How are you ? ate you still living in Madrid ?
Yes  I started my lessons the last month and it is very interesting .
I am learning a lot and one students are very friendly. .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam  and it is very difficult .
However  if I carry on studying like now  I will do it .
The lessons are ever funny.
Dear Sir or Madam Sir.
I have deemed the announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to play for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from.
My last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified. .
Besides, I am cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application. .
I am lookony forward to hearing from you. .
Sandr Barfientos.
The technology has changed the people' s life very much. In fact, we can think how different it is for if respect either to our parents or our parents' life. . For example, my parents did not watch the BBC in the Irish Republic. It's not just the extremely packed opening, filled with so much talent all over the the place!
Although the fact that personal vehicle like caxe mow is popular  in the future  this style of pugkic transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays  people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling  manufacturing , this source ofenergy does not always maintain at the continental level  bit some way it will be run out .
Pwopke must find ways to use other net sources like nuclear nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation, such as electric wire, this kind of energy .
As a result  governments will invest more in researching one set of tested new types of energy  travelling using public transport will become a cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas  it becomes much more convenient .
Commuting  tracelling using public services will be the first choice .
In addition  the population is increasing rapidly  in order near future  almost cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many of the problems to be solved  for example  traffic jams  and pollution. .
In some respects , these problems are led by the older - using of personal vehicle .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves on breathing pollute air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation. .
Rawch perom should practice again, when using my source of yarn to produce his own pivots .
In conclusion  investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably  public services of travelling have a big potential, and it 's stance in the future can not be replaced.
Hello Alex  how are you? .
Are you free for weekend , have up any plans? .
Me and my friends go to the cinema  and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested  find me at 8800 block bear the cinema entrance .
Thank you Jelen for those wonderful parents. .
I also want to read the type of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion, it is evident that because developing countries are facing political or economic instability  mugrahts travel for severe education, prices and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
Rage effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs  social stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The flow of Brai - drain should be tracked at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern  for it is a global issue .
In this situation  developing nations should take control of inflation, but focus on boosting up the infrastructure and on enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
There is not too few women at given to of Egerdst to defeat easily.
John Mark has gone 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010.
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top had reached for its first tier by for climbs in 1953. .
My friends and I  we pick a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes  I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to try part 1s in the city  I am dancing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
It is very good. .
Jazo is my friend  he is drunk and also he dance with your girlfriend. .
Jose is the band song  he is silent and talking in the party .
Other person is Angel , he do not dance in all place. .
He prefers study in your holke .
Google Something .
My names is Steven, and I am 14 years old  I am living in German .
In my home, I visit the secondary modern school. .
I am in grade 8. .
My offer is difficult because I agree to minimize everything. .
For example, there are girls she is in my class she is beautiful. .
I love my look. .
Her eyes look as the sun .
But she is ignored me. .
I hope I can forget Jr. .
Run off your left.
My favourite sport is run .
I like to running fit so fast in fact that it feels me as if I run on it and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strodes. .
My favourite place to fun is in the forest, by I like to tum, sport or to .
I am likening to get the ground under my feet is soft, so so not the hard concorde of rye footpaths in the city of the streets. .
Her bestest advice I find giving to someone who is soaring the running is to start slowly, so not to try to run goi fast by town to eventually build up its running walk by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a Little more faster. And the after 20 years, you will be an Olympic champion, maybe. .
In my opinion, a television can be educational  whether you are watching the news or a show about World War Okw .
Of course  it is important to choose the right television shows .
If you are watching Tom and Jerry , it hardly will have an educational value. .
Although one could agree that you can always learn something .
A friend of Jine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen, he would be prepared because he has been watching Crossing Dead for some time now - so in his eyes  he leaves boa ( not ) to act in that case. .
Today I want to write about my job .
I am a forensiciologist, and I definitely love my job. .
It is a hell with a lot of interesting aspects. .
It is dynamic , stimulating, and , even if it is not well communicated , I feel satisfied .
In the last few years, forensic virology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , thoughtness of results and less time required for analysis a sample . But what struck me most is the fact that this change happens. .
Releviskon seems to be a controversial tool. .
Here there is one to do television offer highly likely opportunities for true audience in an educational way. .
From my experienced knowledge  I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions .
It puts how many educational programmes borrow young children 's horijons in the past few years  how quickly an adult learn different scenarios carry a great deal of educational programmes , such as cooling  science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge or next generations are required to possess. .
Apart from educational contents  there are so many for contentents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens who don't be led to tell right from wrong. .
However  I believe had educational programmes on TV still plays a vital fold in educating both adults and young children .
I think half you be redaturant where we can go is on the sailor' s restaurant.
Here we can see a typical Italian form .
The last time, who I was hefs, I has was the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life. .
The atmosphere reminds me these of the day in fact the walls are decorating what a lot of smell of the waiters are dressed like sailors, so I think that it’s a great idea. .
Apsok  It is reflect for air class because there is a lot of soafe so we can sit all together at the same table .
The new owner is a very kind person and I am sure who he makes us a convenience price. .
No future for public transport .
Police transport is the cheaper way of travel  so it has fuguee .
Currently  most pelplr is used to those who own car, to pay to work or to go shopping  from 1978 to 2008, it is more comfortable .
But dads pollute the air with CK2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
So  if people were aware of this subject, words won't use so much their own car .
In addition  having a car is very expensive .
First of all, you need can afford to buy it , after that , yoh muty pq for the aspects  council tax , , abd mechanic bills , qnx, so on .
Whereas in a public transport , yoku only have to pay the ticket , you do not have to drive, and if tbd bu or taqin or whatever vehicle you send  breaks down, it is not your responsibility .
Besides  public transport pollute less than cars .
In conclusion  I think pigs transport has fussy , and before some people use it , the more future will have .
I am your employee  to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment. .
But pay a little low. .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students, complete summer homework , correcting homework directly assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , intended of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students  but also to define the classroom hygiene , ved har , but I have nothing to complain about .
I worm, gars, for two months  pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected  I want a little higher wages  payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider this proposal. .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example, those  train , merro and more , for the only one reason, for the quality of life again, be pollution .
Travelling by a is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search oarking and from cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In big cities, public transport works will because there is a good teedabck by leiple .
Instead, in one small cities , it can not be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it is for convening inveaf money , because fear people would use it .
Tom Sawyer, we a boy, but lived with his aunt Polly and he had to come to school to go because sometimes Finn did not go to school. .
On Monday, Tom went walking to school as he saw his fried thumb, which they talk a lot, and Tom exchanged a tick from his tooth. .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
They say to her of another girl, so she got mad and she ignored Tom. .
Tom was so sad bed asleep, Billy did not to talk with him, so Tom went on a tip with Huvk and disappeared two weeks. .
Wyen Tpm saw his house, he sneak into his house and sees the aunt Polky crying from him. .
So the next day, the people of the town went to cyurcu to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead, but suddenly Tom opened their door and got in, so everybody was so surprised to see Tom. .
The next day, he went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill, so it two boys consider like an adventure. .
So they went to the misterio's house abx when they were inside, they heard voices so Gkm and Huck hide in the past, Injuin Joe was the one that was talking. .
The report nots heard that he was planning to reap some money and kukl people so the kids start their adventure on stopping in Joew ...
Hi  jo .
Thank you for your message. .
I will do my best to answer your questions. .
As come your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurants , such as Japanese restaurant, ryktei, and menu, iizxkaya.com .
That is because you will to improve your Japanese skill in them. .
Recently  many South East Africans have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them  .
By improving their Japanese skills  in Japan, they have the opportunity to try a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistakes. .
He was at Xaran 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house. .
So he went back to Sarah 's house, one cell, all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this, so before Michael entered to the bathroom, she said, 'So I know what you were there, and Michael went running to the bathrooms.' .
Hi Julie .
My school is located in the centre of town city in Bangalore  Indi .
My school had a unique interpretation for their friendliness and the quality of education. .
I like my master's teacher very much because her teaching style is very ethereal and simple to understand. .
Goodr, Morbjng, .
This is an idea about my favourite sport , it is swimming, since I watch a chip, because apwys enjoy a lot and that is more I can do it alone  I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do not have friends who like dancing  almost liked football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is not going for me further  I fear going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't quite my body. .
I did that because when I was eleven my best friends had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me. Of every day I had to wait a full hour because she spent a lot of time in the kitchen cleaning her long baid.  I hate that! .
Luckily, the operation was fine and he left to come with me  and since that day I go for my own .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me, and normally there are not many people in food pool  hit sometimes there are children, and I do not like so much because they like disturbing me, but sometimes it is amusing too. .
I would recommend to people who both know swine to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it a later, they can stip swok .
I think that dance is a style for self - expression .
It is not just a hobby , it is more than this .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I am dancing, I forget all my problems  except my stupid companions, that they do not understand anything .
But this is a matter they are speaking. .
When you dance , sing , or try you, we're showing something to the puhlic , something that’s important for you .
If dance is your possession , yoki practise every day , and you'll keep practice all the dances until you cb .
If you are tired, doz n't matter , because yoy like test ylu yre doiy .
Go, you'll wake up, get old, going candy , or do dance classes .
Hpu do not matter if you go to seleo layd , or do n't sleep ...
That’s a joke  to mist sleep .
If you love dance , you'll understand me .
Members of my family. .
I love my family, especially my little sister , who has sixteen years old  I consider my best friend because I used to tell her everything of my life. .
I have a day it made 's cents  it is a golden retriver .
It’s a lover dog , he mows how I feel. .
My oldest sister, her nam cntuya , sqr is really quiet, but me .
Our relation is not good because she is so different to me. .
Also, in place a brother, his baby is close, plus he has twenty years old  his personality is dynamic and funny. .
My mom and my dad  they are a good guys .
Actualoy, I prete, adds my time alone  I am working in other town so I stay away from my family .
Hi, Mrs. .
Ktes, Wshy, 2006.
How at home ? I hope you are will .
Vod aor in your face, you have to speak, entlush, of course  maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , fak , cokierx or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that we must do it is how to deal with people  we are searching for someone who can impress everyone  also someone who could bring the customers good attention and service. .
We need some the reward for work long hours  because our cafe is going to open every day. .
That 's all' , we knew you soon.
kisses  .
Fer
We think that in the future, this planet will be in bad conditions, and the trees will be disappearing  after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed lu anafomy , a look we will be eating first food  on the other hand  the north poke we have melted totally .
Rear temperature will have become crazy by global warming  so some people will have died before the natural disasters will be more aggressive. .
The technology will have a configured line, maybe the cadz will be flying by seats and computers will have totally changed. .
Because of this  we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the world .
Frirndeshpi is something very important in my life. .
I can't imagine my lifetims without friends. .
How to make fireworks and meet 2,000 people? .
It is easier than you think. .
Jua  start talking !
Communication is the most important point we're going to make friends. .
You have to remember  that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just need to calm talk about it. .
If your firemanship is real  you will always fib point between your opinion and your friend 's mind .
Just try  it won't cost you much !
Goodaxy .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport  Volleyball, one of the most beautiful sports ever, and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980  the reason for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows .
1-4 makes me fun a golfy.
2-2 class game no friction between poays.
3-5 it exercise all mudcles of your box.
Regarsing my advice, I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get my benefit .
However  the adults, the can practise it as well, and they will at the same .
As citizens of village , we literally care about environment of our village .
Every Sunday  we do a mutual cooling where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the city ditch  sweep rubbish the we but rubbish .
Whilst  we recycling inorganic rubbish too .
From Oncorci , we can make naming , jwt and other stuff. .
Then they can sell them and get income of it. .
The crewmate of the haven and the eargg , the reactor of soles  to one end, make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
What we believe as Muslims that  we have created by one, she do not have other with him, the one who create our father ( Aadm ) and created from him ( Sve ), and they were in the Praise and instructed to not ear from the tree but the Sagah deceive them so they fought to the life and generations came from them and had sent the pope and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohammed , others  who they worship their same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth  to guided the people to know who who will follow the truth, which will guide to the Paradise and how to follow other paths, which it will guide us to do so because of that we are here to do good test in this short line. .
Transportion is the heart of any citizen whether it is public or private. .
Niwadaus people prefer open vehicles rather rham.
Public transportation  Day by day, folks are pre crazy about own vehicles, which leads dark future of public transportation.
Firstly  I agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in her future because people ain't rivacy as well as freedom, which is quite impossible in public transportation .
Secondly, the mode of transportation moves.
As much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation as a consequence generally, people avoid travelling by public transport. Finally, I can say that there is a vast mode of transportation available.
To competition with public transportation .
Nowadays people have numerous options or travelling like many private company.
Which play an important role to give tough competition to government  as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like 'ler faire , ' privy , 'freedom and safety' travelling. In addition, a new automobile company launched - a concept originally championed by the AstroFlight Sunrise in 1974, have achieved flight times of several weeks.
I go for a walk to a larki every day with my lovely two Corgo fogs. .
I me man, people in the park. .
I hevet thought about  people got so many pet .
In the peak time in the peak is very gussy even though the aptk is yue !
Some people are very friendly, the same as the dog. .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other cats. .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Every mother has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother  have to guide his tsak to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life. .
Usually, there are general problems , wins do not understand pain and vicecess , but dialing and losing emotions are racts , even some have another line of view .
Prets must give up toons to underline links in society, whilst it also must listen others' point of views to Ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication of trust , if someone given his contribute in family duties .
Recently, I saw the thriller of Mokingjay, Part 2 .
If you want to see that movie  you'd need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it. .
The first moiws , were amxzinb ! !
A topic of action  drama and romance .
The fans of this series  have been changing to his movie science  the first movie appeared  that was in 2012. .
I do not think that this kovis is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand  in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because , it's very similar to the story of the book, but this one of the first movie titles is really based in the home , the theme is very unique and original  also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in her last movie  they will pretty double effort. .
Hope you guts schools this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see this last part, Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karatr .
First of all  I enjoy it because she, I practise, I feel I can hold on more hours. .
When I have had a very bad and stressful diet, I can relax doing karate , because it is a kind of sport that it is not very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems  to forget you training routine .
In my opinion  it is very difficult to find that advantage with those spoilers .
Apart from that , Karate it is not just a spear , is also a discipline , it teaches you respect , balanced even culture .
My teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the Japanese culture. .
So someone wyp starts, Karate is aesu to follow the class , so my adbuce is just pt to my nervous mind to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology  is something that is very important  something with which we can not live .
Today, topic is technology. .
Today's we use technology in ever changing , from education to making clothes , we use technologies everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading, and it is very helpful  useful and important  useful, and productive nut today's generation is influenced by technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year  my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a horror story competition  he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a feed in order to monitor the competition  he had no money  fortunately, he have a lot of dividends today, a lent hio .
He pointed me, was asked me to leh in some loney to refer to competition. .
He took the money, the second size , he finished her registration, and started in writing her story after long time, spending in writing and found good job. He went to give his staff to the international student magazine once I was looking on. There are a wide range of scenarios, ranging from abandoning all reform to asking the French and Dutch to vote again.
Travelling by case is not so much more convenient unless it is so much made comfortable  by actually we do not throw about the contamination in our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the pepper push me or I can't sit down because there are not any chances to me. .
On the other hand  in the future  may he should have a virus, which having cause of everybody, as I do not have to stand up .
Other transport public is more sxi like csr , it is so life comfortable too, but it is more expensive than bus or train. .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .
In conclusion  in the fithre should have a husband so more comfortable .
Nilaix19.
5 May 2020
Erar sjr Doamra .
I am waiting about a problem at my city. .
I live at Oatras, a big city in Greece. .
In my city, all schools and wooden walls of buildings are full of drags and writing. .
The vandalism in pagars has increased a lot. .
Unfortunately, when we say to somebody to do not draw the wapls bit, they do not hear us. .
For oy cit it is veg and bass, she said. Now people visit Patras, they see that thing. .
Payras is a very beautiful city and for its culture  and for her monuments .
Why to see that bass thruth ?
Even we have this beautiful city, we have to maintain her .
In my opinion, no police should stop the vandalismisms. .
If it has police all round the city, nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to erite something or to draw .
I hope you will do something for that problem. .
Gkurs vaitghfully  .
Jessyka Stavros .
Well around the world, pupils are waiting for finishing school. .
They are eager to bear a new life as adults. .
But then they reach in - between prpd  confused reelings cross their minds .
As a rule, after last week, they do not know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see  like in a fogg .
In this way, a day of a year off between leaving school and stating next education is very reasonable. .
Firstly, it will allow houbg leopold to have a redst after hisurst hard - wk stydyig period .
Ye or eleven are at school, make them tire  in slits of pyps, do not notice it .
But choosing the second edition is very important step , which need serious attitude. .
Secondly, such year off would give to future students a chance to stay themselves in new professional sphere. .
Also, there would have an opportunity being involved in pivotal activity. .
And thirdly, they might work for learning in money or travel .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new power for future education. .
One year is both long petuod .
But beyond a year off will be obvious. .
I like in San Miguel Almolohn , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Jwrez in its State of Mexico  the care of the environment is very important, and in my vullags they take different actions in the case of this .
People collect trash of their house and await the trash truck that catriched trash to a landfill located outside the village. .
Also  people go out to collect gue rtash rgat gherr is on the kipwk , the church or in gge prinicipsl paxes on the village .
Dear Skt .
I am interested to improve my Englidu , so I am waiting to request further information about the English course .
Firstly  I would like to know how long the course lasts  and if it is possible the date exactly  because I need to book my flights .
Secondly  I do not live in Croo , so it would be disgraceful if you could serve me, details of accommodation that you offer in this case .
And ask , can you give me an idea of Joe much it would be worth every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students  because it is a good way to leading a language as well. .
Lastly  may me know if I need to pay any feel test before starting .
I look forward to heading from you. .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa,
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately  after witnessing conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight. .
He does not have enough time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen. .
It is his job and it is his duty to to save Tpsn 's history. .
He called the police an informed about his neigbouts robbery plan .
Police checked Musum and bought armed robbers, Ted Gandec.  .
I am believing that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is of cheapest and low disposses also to decrease the carpon losses, such as the poor , people should be awartew about the effect of using the public transportation on the evonmics and environment  governments shall encourage the people to use the other way for transport  this subject shall be issues in all media to learn and encourage people to add the weight with freight transport .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I am waiting because I tell you about my last summer holiday. .
I sent to Kas Hurdes .
I sat here about one week in front home, my boyfriend. .
I did a wedding. .
While I was there  I did a lot of thinking .
One day  I visited Meanhdrp dk melero .
It was beautiful. .
And there was a wonderful lives. .
The other way  I walled a pole and the end the way  we found a waterfall .
The name of waterfall was Chrituelo .
It was spectacular. .
The wedding date  I had a great time and I slept very late  .
The wedding was in the morning  and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with their people .
However  in the night  we had dinner in a garaej am hrre was a party  axal night .
You should visit Las Hurdes  It is a beautiful sound .
But there are a lot of things. .
And the people are very nice. .
Englijs is an international language which becomes important for the modern world. .
In Chinese  English is likely to be a foreign language, which many students choose to learn .
They begin to act in English at an early ages. .
They were at least one hour to earn Edinburgh handled a dray. .
Even kids in kindergarten have beengyn learning skmpl words .
That is a food phenomenon  food fish is essential nowadays .
In addition to  sle peoll kik English is superior to Choness .
In my opinion , though, Lithuania is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
Englosh do help us as English originalors , not Chinese helps us learn a new China .
Only by characters Chinese literature can add off its brilliance. .
Learning a country' s culture  especially its classic culture  this first thing is open old language .
Because of we, the Chinese , who do we give up our other tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I saw  last month  in a fast-casual restaurant  Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for good bjv burtuers. .
Aoolypooos is a specialist of meal , it’s a meal restaurant .
In my opinion, the restaurant can be better  resorting to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expected to be more famous  better and biggest .
The problem of this restaurant is the space  it is far from these people and fitness , and the space , that is very small, got lots of people. .
In this life, we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on. .
For example  a present or a guest, especially if it from your boss' friend .
Once  I was sick and stayed at general hospital  and my friend gave me a foster .
It was my favorite flower. I love it ever. .
In my town, we create a small organization for more healthy environment  beauty touch would to be attractive  the citizens in the town don't participate in this , the citizens will take the responsibility of specific duty to clean the town and put the rubbis in correct place and clean trees and plant more of it .
I am agree with my opinion that the family's people  such as politicians and film stars  deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time. .
His horribe have a person behind you all the time  you do not have a life , joy, peace , not a happiness .
In addition, all persons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless, the journalists stay all the time haciung a photo , at the time  when they eaten  drinking , happy , sad , he is your core life, and with whom stay  if they stay  with something important in shar biy .
This is terrible  you do not have privacy, authorised the society have a blame  because if they do, or take a photo, he follows the life of the famous drug people bored .
So that  politicians and full stars  we have duppodt it , because we still have to bear it  because they then have the reward, within what they earn .
This is all .
Good morning .
How are you? .
Come here .
Her down. .
Get in to the program .
Get in to tn bs .
Let us walk .
Let us play cars. .
Let us sleep. .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me sew yourotos .
Leg me at your praise. .
Allow me also to start in to your cabin. .
Forgive me . .
Bring the dog .
Bring glasses of water .
Drink wayer .
Dt food .
Run fast. .
Stop shouting  do not shout .
Let us say .
Once upon a time, as one little ant called Pennh , he was really small in compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants make fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen. .
It was a dark night it was evening under a big active volcano explosion, gurked them into the underground. .
Some of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one can not find one . They started to be picked up.
People just started to evacuate early, but it began a big earthquake. .
Penny was too sad  the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm. .
Until the dawn, all of them go out  so they arrive until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness this scene  but no one felt something .
Like they were very religious ants, they pray for their sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Something that they so onoa was that you will feel thin as a move !
So all we planned ...
The actors had monitors that watch the ants at the time. .
On a bad Penny discovered it and it got to tell it to his queen  the queen at knowing that she get very confused buy at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to wipe all ...
The next day, when they were about to start filming, they were non ants there, so they search for nem  ntu they can't find tum ...
In that moment, the ante and Penny attack them in their backs  making them to leave the place. .
The Nazis won the war and they expand the habirat to the studio. .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever after. .
I have many favorite sports. .
One of them I am keen on playing baseball the best  I always depend mode time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least fifty minutes each day. .
After a 3rd day at University, I go home as then I go to two stadium to play it. .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport. .
Basketball is many benefits, or to me, but also everyone .
It asks me fewly redlaxed or unwind. .
Besjdew , it also helps me keep fit a week, a good nosy shape .
I really cfq.
Why about playing it? .
When I have spare time  I often gather my friends to watch baseball act on television .
I often talk basketball at the stadium in my morning. .
Sometimes  I poau it nwa spolrte ventrw .
I go back home and have a mess deeply when I finished it. .
Basketball is an outdoor activity. .
That is reason why basketball is my favorite sport. .
With the sweeping progress of development and the looking of population  many agricultural land  forest and ocean had been used to destroyed to build more constructure or transport networks .
For my own perspective  I believe that it will be any drawbacks to your environment or save human and animals .
To start with , toward a wide range of troublesome, it may leading to rapid Napoleon .
Concurring arguments can support that the riot cause is the almost walk. The present day cities are already packed with places of residence  commerce and recreation  and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce. .
Additionally  people how continues destroyed modern agriculture in forest in order to satisfy all the need , which will destroy the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity, especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governments should be adopted to deal with this problem. First of all  reducing building construction from now on  planting more trees instead .
Sustainable development should be awakens to all human and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals. .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before going get worse, when the governments gave to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays, the kangiages are very important  and make English .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never leave and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language. .
I have taken that decision because I is tied to reply to modern English and I did not have the pesos tbazt I want , so when I heard about that opportunity, I daud yse .
The car is not the best way for for the transport , because it produces much pollution  however, the public transport is better to do a joyrny .
It can carry many people with problems. .
Howadayts in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram bus  these options it is more economical than hard car , the problem of the car is that normally a car is occupied by a person  when the card is prepared for to carry four or five people .
This situation to create any pollution to environment so we have more confidence of the planet health.
I want to say something about the learning of the English language , is indeed to get to me of the near reasons, namely.
First really, the grammar taught the learners  teachers or instigutes teach , is like her Spanish language , my native language .
That I want to say  is very ridiculous to understand the conjunction of the verb 's in Spanish language , just imaging you the same right now in your native language .
Zecnod reason  in the English suntaxis , the structure for instruction paragraph or sentences  the verb is written before the subject , but no always  Ahixh is fine fule .
Is there anyone ?
The third reason is
I love to play cricket. .
I am enthusiastic towards this game. .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country. .
In India  85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993  Indian cricket began in his first word Vjp, as that 's changed the direction of air in favour of cricket, and everyone start to follow this game' .
I love this games because my favourite sport can be exposed to this game. .
His name is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar khoa as little master .
Whenever I play this game  I always follow that person .
His stance  Style , Duties , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Of only me, but also every Indian always follow Sachin Var cricket. .
When he was 18, 18, he played first game of India. .
He is the first player who played 200 times in cricket. .
He has any achievement, lies first 200 in one day, etc. .
I love the way he has played. .
For a nuance fee, they have to decide what they can do better  batting or going .
If the person wants to become bowler, then concentrate on running  action , instance, and for batslwn bees, concentration on lag and nat coordination  eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also, each videos of some best players view Sxchim , Rahul, , Sir Del Bradman, , Hayden, , Wasom Kaxram, , Brett Lee etc. .
As health is important factor in every sport, so also need to improve health  atmina .
Dr. Jo  .
It is glad to hear you are going to visit to my country. .
I am looking forward for this. .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country. .
I wish to eikl her a indulged time. .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year  you need not bring too many lothes necessary you can buy in here. .
If you want to travel this city  I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too. .
This is a modern cut .
People usually went here for shopping or eating .
There are many local foods below popular .
You may like this. .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together. .
Ben, you have played enough in this city  and you know to do a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle' s company to do a uk .
Because it is difficult to get a job near if you are firm and haven't finished college. .
It may take very long time to find a job, and you have not much time here. .
You may consider my advice. .
My favorite sport is swims .
It is because swim is really fun. .
Also, I think swim can keep our body quiet and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot dry .
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is both be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn sw and alzo, when the age becomes older, it will be more difficult to learn the two little .
So there are the advice that I give to him. .
Drar Camp fitector  .
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old. . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper a few months ago.
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding. .
I am monitored in the free time  and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
Either I have problems for working in a kitchen  will be pear if I told you that my parents have a ba .
According to my age 18, evening activities are not a problem for me  and I played jazz sports during my lode , such as socker , bolleyball , , .
Waiting for your answer  error.
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents took great care of the environment. .
Organized shares  where everyone clean up for a dollar .
Lak residents segregated garbage thrown into shitaboe containers .
Thus, enabling to protrude our environment to make it clean  safe , in order to hide, jeopardize our various diseases .
In my village, we threw trash dans , so that no one threw debris on the ground. .
There are separate places where you can organize bonfires , both everyone has to leave up after these moves and that's not all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources  because it is close to a wild power pool .
Reception  also on the roof of the primary school were set the batterie and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity. .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment  residents participate in them .
Wysycy, residents of my village  they try to  so that our village was clear that polluter our environment as little as possible .
Travelling in their own VR is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation. There is several reasons to consider .
Firstly  for bi is always drop by to get a passenger that travel a more time than expected to times of travel .
Secondly  the public vehicle routes were more tar urban sexual route .
Thirdly  it is also crowded as no privacy .
Finally  there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However  public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car, nor for the traveler who wants to hear an exciting travel for then to see more action .
Kik watching outside or sight seeing  to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this, I also admire the bullet train in Japan, which I consider fast and slow public service I've had known. .
To sum it up, I should consider having their won at is way more safe and convincing. .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger. .
As far as I am concerned  I tend to disagree with the decision of natural extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with  extract her mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathing swamps on the outskirts of my hometown. .
In my childhood  I went here to spend my symmetry every year .
However  it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being left .
Next to go will be  the extension of the valuave mineral will definitely leads to a pollution .
There have been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing one mineral .
No one can deny that the polluting issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented. .
So, but not the less , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially  to our spring .
To tamw my friend  Taylrd , as an edampls , the homeland were ogre - developed and become an afid laec when she was a child. .
After she grows up  we decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition  she had no brief memory in her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might ring to us .
Due to the mineral development  many people in our hometown can contribute even much more money than before. .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless  they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition  money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nitshdll , based on two reasons and instances, abovs , and disadvantages of extract, the valuable mineral sr outweigh the advantage .
Therefore  I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting card on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil gueos used by vehicles cause global warming .
Gkobap warming is a serious issue  higher temperatures make the oil cala melt .
The longer we abide, our hearts in sun  to warmer the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences. .
I do not believe in it  especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it will have reopened, there are many people she can't get a car  because it is too expensive  or only for buying out for gudl  seviec ajc so faith .
Votes are more simple - you just buy a ticket. .
If what about trains? .
I saw it about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport. .
I want to be blue, easy and to steam of cars like it was in the film, The Fifth Eleventh Hour.
Braneon Mackie.
Parliament has.
Cambera ACT 25089
The 6th of March 2015.
Chief Executive Officer.
Carls Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq.
Er Carlos.
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete  we apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this kind , we have a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase. .
Because your ordered saw fitted at too late and I put good ease not in advance, we only could send 5 pieces. .
Since the units were sold in inventory, bug hour purchase indicates that 6,000 pieces were confirmed. . Do not worry about it  we will end up making oral motions again as soon as possible. .
We hope you keep preferring us. .
Yours Sincerely. .
Brandon Mackie.
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old, and I am home from Malaysia  I'm an energetic, , cheerful , garda working and a considerable person. .
I had 3 siblings in my family. We are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works. .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and I am an excellent player. .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others, school .
This is my favourite sport. .
During my leisure time  I like to belong my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirgy and oil hands in the kitchen. .
In reference to its above , I will like to apply to Summit Camp npb with my full commitment .
Contemporary War is a very controversial issue nowadays. .
There are many sources and genres , as well as themes .
It is a well known fat mabh art curator, and artists believe that Contemporary art is not a good source of xrg , since there are lan artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea  nug most of the times this is uninvidible .
Luckily, the most expensive art still be the or , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays, a lot of empty art prices are rising, sold at auctions around the world  for extraordinary high prices .
Excessive art has taken the field of art by surprise. .
Humaniya has reached a level of differences that it would be most possible to stop. .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time. .
With this stuff  we now have an array of gpw artists create .
The sport does see here on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13th November 2020.
That weather was partly cloudy. .
I or this by MTR .
I arrived here tomorrow at 7.40 a.m. This year I have joined the 100-metre race. .
On the first day before the sports day, bringing  we have had opening ceremony .
The athletic representative played the match and we ran the them. .
After yuat , the symbols had been formally .
At 10.45 a.m.  the group 's Grand Prix, a 100-metre race started. .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal. .
The teacher lost my name flat twond he found me to stand differently place. .
So I know that there was someone whose name sounded same as me. .
Near his race  I was very nervous .
Then I was rubbing  I nears my housemate's cheerignign and the word passing my face .
That feel was very comfortable, one moved me felt relax .
At last  I got number 10 of 27 people .
Although it is of a great result  I have already tried my best .
At last of the day  our school announced we mark the four houses have to .
My house will get number to temporary. .
I feel hopeful I wanted my hopes will get the campaign. .
On the second day  my classmates called me to take part in the Kntdr - classe eelau req .
I felt very afraid because I was too good at tunning .
Finally  or clzes got the fifth runned up .
We have a difference of 0.5.5 seconds is the first of the two .
I implicated my class from winning the champion. .
At last  my house got the second runner up .
I hope my gous will be good companion in the next year. .
But there is no future for public transport , because tracelling by cs is so much more convenient. PM Boris Johnson This phenomenon of global warming is taking its toll
In my opinion  this affirmation is not correct .
We should consider of public transport, because at our present there are a lot of areas in the world that pollute and, unfortunately, we are haemaking the environment and the world .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking to running, on the other hand, it is more health .
There is nothing carrying with it go to the pole in a year  obviously  it is faster than a gas and cheaper nit not always .
I think it is true that travelling by train is so much more convenient, but I disagree that there is no future for pugli transport. .
This is commonly - debated - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
When there toruism was and a positive or a negative impact over our lives  it remains aus a dilemma for the inhabitants .
First of all  yourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Along with its development  the ability of travelling has extended to such a scale that it is a quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is that connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea, of globalisation  since a traveller is bog, not a citizen of his own country, it a global citizen .
Secondly, , your aim , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view. .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria  in which the economy relies merely on tourism. .
If tourjam influences the economy , it triggers influences the environment , and if it unfluences the environment, it influences the transport . How It Is is generally considered to mark the end of his middle period as a writer.
At a small scale  in fitoes  in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale  people can now travel in a room of any possible way  on lns , on swa or air .
Through the development of tourism, trade, borb cruises and trani vacations .
One union, a tile tower, was a Roger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her noyend and her 3 daughters. .
The tiger eat the mpj bames Amandw of 25 years old , but herders kill that parenrw , because the herders were parenw and do not have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion, as John of 27 years old  his dad died because in a conflict with other animals  he hit an infection .
Your mom dr. because sime things or domed care here of her leg and drop it in a cave were other animals near her .
They were when John was too little to remember, and he never knew what happened, so he went to all the parts or saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse, but he never found them. .
The 3 daughters were so different each other .
The first mom names Amandr, hunior, oikr yef mom, but she is a cheetah . She has 9,000 tears old, she loves to run, and Lee is the fastet of the family and have a lot of spots. .
She is of her ones that tend to make something interesting. .
The second daughter, Nakes Silzabeth, is a leopared, is the intelligent of the family of the oldest of the daughters. .
Had 12 years old. .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
The laxer daughter was nba wgo was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
One day sleeping in your bed and being nothing all rag .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one to meet mecer work. .
Maybe they animals went wirj, Ana, and life her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping. .
One end .
Hello friends! .
I know you are searching for a dat to live for a whole next hear. .
Maybe I found something for you, so when I were on the nuse return to home, I read a journal with some advertisements. .
There is a no flat name my home, but it is perfect to someone who wants to live there for only an year. .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom, wirhu shoswar hut without bath, and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring it you in contact because here there is a really cold weather. .
Wite me soon.
Laessija.
Hekko Riley  abiu, her question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know so much you loved noth .
Last night, I made a discovery. .
I think that you should give up from your music classes. .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing ports because it is important for your health and in your three times you could still play piano with your going to the classes. .
Thus is my opinion, nug the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love  Indsz .
Hey, my name is Jlw nad, I am 21 years old, and I'll think I'l would complement the summer damp very mild  because of my good manners and very good opem for the kis so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I’ll can do everything as a doctor can. .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves  then I’ll family cut them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises or smaller injuries. .
The most exciting day of my life was the murder of June 11 last year. .
I had an exam. .
That day I looked up early because I was a nervous .
Then I revised Maths as at home  before to go at school  as at school , before to renew the team .
When I started to read tyr gracks, I delp agitation, and I thought that I am not able to find an pass that test. .
But when I finished before his time, I was happy, an relaxed .
I always said that I passed that test and I readure of rhaf .
And this is true. .
I passed that test. .
Heol Charlie  .
I am really honored hearing from you. .
Congratulations your sister for your press. .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition  although, in my county, there are not a lot of opportunities of this kind if I did have a likelihood of going  I would already spend the tickets .
My favourite sport.
When I was three years old  my parents went dying with me. .
At the beginning, I went to the childgarden, about the taught me sitting .
It was a lot of fun  because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime, my parents took me with them, said we drive to the .
My father took me between his knies  because I could drive without falling, and it was fun .
Either I was older  I would get better  my dream was YOUSNOWBOARDING ' , but I would learn skiing perfectly like my parents. .
Lster, why I was 16 years old  my dream age range .
I had my first snowboardlesson, plus I called it .
I took ever more mute to drive snowboard .
That was the story when I go snowboarding. .
I enjoy snowboarding  because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
You ate like a bird. .
It is the bedstling in the world .
You ate very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect. .
That is everything I want to have and I am luck. .
That is why I like to waste more than this summer. .
Snowboarding or skiking is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts. .
Although you're all the time in the nature world, when you hear luck, you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day  but to rest, he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday  he was on his way to home and it was getting sad .
His parents were worried and called her a couple of friends. .
He started walking every day.
Everything was calm. .
She opened her eyes for the first thing that she saw was the vlak shih .
A dark sky with stars. .
She got up and took around 30.
She was in a part of the body where she used to go to think and relax. .
Ahue states toaks consciousness, although she could not remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place. .
The problem is, the last thing she remembers is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened, what she wondered .
She fell asleep again  didn't she ?
If ge di , has she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was not awake  why she could not remember anything after test ?
This situation it was really frustrating to to me. Tonight I invite the European Parliament to help the Commission ensure that there is enough money to make that action plan a reality and to make sure that it genuinely meets the needs of those sugar-dependent ACP countries with whom we have had such an important historical relationship  a relationship we want to carry over as meaningfully to the future  and to help us ensure that that budgetary allocation is sustained.
She's started to walk to clear jet mode .
He knows her way, ege in the adrk ; she had given to this spot a lot of time , especially the last few weeks. .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere. .
In case of transportation technology  in the twenty-first century, we have various options like Plan yhay can fly, wait to cough , train that first a big enough that carry hundreds of people, amc, travel hundreds of miles, and hold a boat that much bigger and daster than an ocean surface .
Although compared to ancient times, we are lucky enough that we have all these caption .
However  if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plabe .
There are three reasons to choose this .
First, eeasoj is it a speed , compared to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours. .
As a result, people can save their file. .
Second is safety  compared to older, the chances of accident is less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat. .
Third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more nore comfortable than both train and boat. .
In conclusion  I will say that pln will be my first choice in all of three modes of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed  safety  a comfort level that came up as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starring college or university  to earn money or travel  it would be the next award for a student who attends the high school .
Many young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach pieces which would be undeachable otherwise.
I had an awful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon. .
I went with my parents and my sister. .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its name is O Myiño .
There were a lot of people in the beach. .
The water was fresh and I couldn't smell  even I played dootball in the sand of the bwadh .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment. .
It was a nice day because I felt a good time with my family. .
No future for a public transport ? is this claim or no ??
Will we see on paid roads the public transport after 5 or even 10 years, he said. . That is a really, exciting, awesome question.
I think that it all depends on the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by cat .
Yes , I agree , if you planned to travelling off a long distance naf for a long time, you would prefer to do it on car , course firstly, hopefully, please, less time , if travelling will be comfortable , you will have a lossibility to stop everything where I make a good time , as you heed .
But if we are talking about travelling across you vit , would you prefer punic transport or car ??
I think that rhid is the guestion fund every one , in the answer can not be done for lack , cause , someone can use public transport , an economy by this not ohky money , by it and the environment , but some people do not like to use pt , , ,  cause they spend more time in travelling, or they simply do NOT like to travel with another people .
So  on my opinion  edn after 10 years, the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passengers.
Rllo Lara 3.0.
Thank you for your email. .
My name is Mohamed, nor I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bhahrain. .
I go to GYL and run on a daily basis to lie in shape at bird health. .
Looking forward to doing more about you .
My village is the place where I live, so I am trying to getige envirobent in - polluted in valid for life. .
In order to attain this goal, I have to take steel and act to protect the environment as collows.
No somkung in the pyramids .
Increating the number of tries and plants and punish the person he cut them .
establishing due factors outside of the village .
Protect the water sources as the sez .
Good for people and invest them of information , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I would like to tell you about my favorite restaurant, its name is Pemon. As in wash your hands, wear a mask (on your face) and maintain social distance. In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works, streets, and aqueducts of Rome.
Vokleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world  you should pay your body in be correct or to throw a ball to the other end in the game .
I'd been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew a lot of people who'll me to grow up in the sport of life. .
When I was 10, I be compelled to play with a group of girls older than me , they weighed goods , and I can't belief the experience. .
Volleyball put my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing, I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy  all of this  when I is bad  this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice it's so funny , buy I advertise yiy , is not easy at first , but you have to intent any times like you should do in fee .
In weekdays  I get off from my bed at 7.30 in the morning to go to my work, which starts at 9 AM .
I couldn't go to sleep around 12 AM. .
I usually play fifeos tamas if I do not have any homes to do .
I am not a big fan of sporgs so I do not play any .
However, I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself. .
Midhaek woke up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
The noticed is about a competition. .
The competition is enough write stories .
Mixhaeo was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete. .
First  he found an idea for the story, and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good, buy Mchae said of know how to end the story. .
Finally  Michael ended true story, and he went to the post office .
Michael sent this story out. Michael closed the door and made a double substitution of Luke Chima and Ernest Petro for Mike Mkwate and Mkanda.
The , I think TV can entet in and educate , because there are many comedy .
Also, there are a lot of educated channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting  because you can learn new things about pgs. .
Comedies are so funny , so when you art xax u cxb, watch one of them .
There were many discussions about the future of the public transport. .
Different experts had talked about this question, and there had so several opinions. .
People like to have the freedom for moving peacefully in for this reason  and people usually prefer to see their cars .
Public transport usually is restricted with the timetables, and usually only msg uses the transport in their moment that the timetable let you .
For this way  many people simply do not like to mess the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need. .
By the other hand  public transport is better for the environment  because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally  in the future  the commodity of people maybe is going to determine by most use of the cars, than the public transport .
Susan is a little fragin .
Her skin is colored red and green  red, almost on top of the green to be jokre prejse .
And does that devour day after school? .
Of course  he has also a little brother .
Bix skin is colored red  just like the father .
Feaf, Paul W. .
I haven't written you off, she's but I was very busy because of the exams at the University. .
What about you? Egypt’s health ministry on Sunday added 16 more cases of the new coronavirus, bringing the total of confirmed cases to 126, including two fatalities a German tourist and an Egyptian women, both in their 60s.
So I was there something like staff. .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing slip ticket , flod food musicians in things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets  so I took my girlfriend abroad we were there together. .
When the concert finished  we went to school to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star! A crowd of people were waiting in line of the crowd to vote for the signatures  but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them  .
People were so envious  I liked it! It was fantastic experience. .
Next time I would like to do something similar and to shouls try it as well  you will earn income money and you have cultural experience .
It is a dual effect. .
Hope to see you soon.
Joh
The advertising is everywhere .
There are adds in TV , radio , biz , streets ...
In spite of this range of media  the TV continues being the most importantrams of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many cases on television, but  is like that .
On one hand  it is found that one programme or series, which we see  has a lot of mentions to products or services .
This can be peopleired of so much advertising content, big this is completely necessary. .
There are a lot of products which have to be announced, and a list of messages to keep to people. .
The TV is the most accessible way of communication, and people can be foragen on this day. .
In addition , behins on add tags are a lot of tuingdy oen industry .
In one form, there are  for example  the publicist 's work , the companies' investments , textile sales , the product or service 's large .
To sum up  there are a lot of adds in TV, but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer 2020.
Ahu am I making this choice you clearly can talk , I love sun and good weather .
Yes, it is the that during summer, the temperature is very cool, and you can rarely stay near the sub because you finish to be burned by the sun. .
In spite of this  summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things, peace gives us and have fun with them .
During winter I love to go to the beach when having sunbathing with my friends, older than getting fun with them playing volleybal or run insids the water of the dea !
I think these activities are very regenertaing. As they make you forget about all the warnings of summer. .
Furthermore, you can sleep more than the other says of the year and this make you feel relaxed. .
I really like to explore nature during summer too. .
The womderrul coloura of flowers with the sunshine are fabulius .
Deaf USA SUMMER CAMPS 
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I am very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising. .
I am eighteen years old, and I am doing a languaged translation degree at university at the moment  that is why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working at children from all ages  besides I do not mind hard women, and I learn quickly .
Also, I have just got my FCE certificate this year, but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country. .
I consider myself of really active , sociable , sell - organised and, above all, efficient , therefore I think I am suitable for this job, as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas, plus it would be a nice experience before I would meet new people and a different culture .
I am looking forward to hearing from your son. .
Yours faithfully. .
Teresz Wydlcki.
It had been a very long and tiring day  but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally  after 5 years  won swimming competition .
It was really important for Bill because he was aiming for 5,000 on years since he was 15, and he haven't had any achievements. .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from yedam and had a party .
Tom wanted Mel  his girlfriend  to come too. .
She was really proud of him. .
She was dreaming about hearing his wife. .
She wanted to be his wife so bar. .
But he did not help her enough. .
He wanted to break up with her at that party. .
He was waiting 2 hours for her. .
He hate that she is always pate .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up. .
When Mel became she looked gorgeous. .
Did when he saw her  his heart started to gettingder and faster .
But rimd 's up. .
He got closer to her and told her everything. .
Mel looked elderly at Tom  then said, 'Honestly, I am pregnant  my and let out of his home.' .
He followed and penalized her .
He said he was drunk and did not know what he was saying. .
Then he haggles her .
He had he left, nor was kissed her dead. .
He had to stay with her because of ... the babu .
He could not just leave her carrying his baby. .
No. . He has never acted like this. .
He knew that he had to act with her, the rest of his life, and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up an start to taking care of Mel. .
One day, Me was feeling really bad, so Tom took her to the hospital. .
He felt that something bad was going to happen. .
And he was right. .
Mr. has lost the baby. .
Tom had to make a hard decision. .
His life was going to change. .
Nel was crying all day and Tpm could not stand it. .
He has broken up with Nle and it made her much more sad. .
He did not care. .
He thought it was her fault that her has lost their little human. .
Gling in the waves.
Even if I am not a very interested in training  or sport, I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the sater  feeling the box quite without weigh  able to do a kind of movement that are possible while in rye air  is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was not able to swim at pl  and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months  so I improved so much my abilities. .
If you are not a good swimmer , do pos the high part of pleasure of yoying the water , not in the sea or in pool .
Practic swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do not have to give up before trying  because is fairly simpler, and it can gives a lot of insights. .
Your efforts will be prized by succeeding  are you afraid to aim it with pride? .
Intriduction
This report will examine its different activities we often do in our literature, i.e. in Castelldefels .
Productivities to fill time
As our row is well - known for our magnificup beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and eindsurfing on fish beach or dancing with aquatic skiing on the Olympic canal .
These activities was the most popular and the most expensive too. .
However  I fully recommend the , especially for lorry  adventure and young people .
Yet others ideas to have fun.
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , or instance, to read zumba masterclass , yogas each , rynning , as separate activities , and as social activities, these are liberal grihp , yheatr .
As I said , these activities are not as popular as year activities of the Olympic Canal and the Geach , but their success is increasing more and more .
Product recommendation
So  finally, I suggest that it would be a great way to combine eight different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
If you tried walk the activities , you would spend a great time here  in Castelldefels .
Hi Jane .
How are you ? .
I is glad to her from you. .
I am writing to two you the best way to arrive at Sslou .
You will time to get Rwus airport  right  .
Wol , the airport is located just outside Rdus , it is small but it has a list of services and transport. .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than for a taxi. .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station. .
Wehm you, yet off the bus, you should ask someone for the prign street .
It is near there. .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover, I need you a map in order to locate the street. .
This is my address, 4 Spruce Avenue. .
I am planning one hour visit. .
I would like to visit museums  monuments and going to flubbing with yk .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon. .
Best, Rsgarfs, 2007.
Mary.
Dear Sergio García A. .
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am Founder of Education in Ninss , entitled in the 'Best Instituto Profesional Virginio Girlfriend ' .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project Chiquocamata .
In first place  my qualities as professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
On the other hand  I have the theoretical knowledge to use as the technologies this research project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve new objectives and to continue with the mindset that your company knows. .
My storm experience is very embarrassing due to I had the privilege of belonging to the ' Mnirea El Rdniente' as shift manager  Chief of Operations at ' Ninefa Aneina' and at the evaluation department of CODEWOLO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration. .
It would be a profound to discuss personally, she I am qualified for this position. .
I expect a prompt response of the Company. .
Without further aro  I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórsz.
Bowaday's there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is afold thing than my people hear this , if is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly  yes, there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in imporyang companies , or may have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand  are job benefits  from example  if you want to teach to another, a country is very used up to know a different language , before use up data undertaken all without complications .
Tinally  learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of the other culture .
Today, globalization is bringing the world more color , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures  for example, in literature , literary , films , TV programs , music or shows other aspect of the culture .
On balance  learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspects , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language, do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPALINER.
Julip Camarillo.
Mohtsno agenus n'O2.
Post Code 10237237 C.C. C. Cences.
August 1, 23 July 2014.
Dear Siffy Mwdam, 2006.
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week. .
I ordered my battery's model 002545 because myobile needs this light of battery  but I have only received one battery model 001212.
One month ago, I orders so batteries model 002545 on your online website. .
I have a mobile model Nokia 214, which needs batteries mode to 00255255.
The delivery was wrong  so now I am a huge customer because I need my mobile to work every day. .
If I have not mobile, I will bear be able to work. .
To resolve this problem, I would like to receive that batteriee by express post. .
The delivery error has been made by yours  so this time  it should be sent with free delicery .
If I do not bear from you within his next two days  I shall be forced to contact my solitaire .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work. .
I hope to remember you sin and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home. .
Yours faithfully .
Julio Camadollo.
His lack of this report is to evalyats both bad effects and good effect on the users' opinions in the Office Leisure Club in the past time. .
First  people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities  games which are held relatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ways .
Besides  it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the leak radius and its guiders at everywhere in ready, give a help .
However  only one thing that we do like.
With the purpose to attract more people to invest in this pub , besides its good potential , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably, so that they hold the activities to avoid the problems.
Even is a diagram introducing the procedures of kakin bamk nhoites .
Design the bank ontes are the first and indispensable step. .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork would they have to consider the security issues? .
Then  Akiloed machinine  would pepade the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third secrio is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually, there will be 50 b notes per sheet. .
Yye colour will print on the boy's suds andewry notes has their unique ink, as the mahes will be slightly tailed .
After that  it comes to the most significant step  that is inspect the quality of the painted shade .
People usually divided her quality into three parts , good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for gold quality sheets, an artificially damaged sheet, but until voof 1,000 people will ft them separately and lock them together in order to dispatching and distributing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bz , they would be treated as bc west , which will be secretly distributed .
In conclusion  the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them  but even stepos hesitates people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bang notes of everyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE!
Beginings
Everything began a few years before  when Alfred  Ted Majoe , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to think how he could e.g. beguter our lives, and he found a solution .
A concerned population.
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned, age oldest people from de llate about the importance of the case of our surroundings  middle - aged people planned many trees around the village and cldabed the floor of our public place, making a more attractive place to live than we used to have. .
Easy recycling
Local authorities helped to initiative creating some places for people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste. .
The results.
As a result of this attitudes  since Alfred had this great idea  we say one of the clearest values in the addex .
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the acre of oyt olanet , Green Poahet is called .
We want a happy evening. .
Hello, Puus Boancxo .
I am writing you anojt, the staff recruiymnet for the New Coud ensnration center posted. .
So we need your help with some questions about the process. .
Of your information , we are looking for people with three germs of experience in similar projects  who are engineers  also have a high team work skill .
We also believe that they have specialised studies in cloud technology  and hardware management .
However, it is possible that we do not find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience. .
Is it possible to do fine meditation this week? .
Where and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I went from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office  so you do not have to move to another place .
Finally, I meet you to prepare you, profile that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should hear , and please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in that e - jaip .
Please  answer me with this information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda, 32.
Dear Lul .
Agat 's up. .
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert? .
It had really exciting and unforgettable experience, and I feel that very much .
You probably do not believe me, but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had come together  they're very nice men  because of helping them, I know his best place during the concert  I have their authorials on the newest record  I did not have my duties and none of them were unpleasant. .
In general, I had only one doubt that is checking why lisg , above that I had to be inleaning fire after the concert. .
But that concert was worth of my work  so I hope I will be invited to their next event. .
Paying for them was a real pleasure. .
I suppose we will see each other soon, and I will be capable of talking to you about the experience. .
Love  .
ominika.
Reproduction
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of this course. I did in your breach in Madrid last month. .
In addition  I would like to give you sine suggestion  I think it would be wise with it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
The were not only elderly people, but also elderly co - workers. .
Ongoing collaboratively is  in fact  the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
Second  the teachers serve really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day. .
This way we made the most of us an ever gave up improving our English voice. .
Fhidd  Catholic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in hey .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course. .
However  in my opinion, these should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher' s team .
This way we may be able to hear a native speaker, and I think it will have been worth practising. .
To wrap up the report, just say that on the whole, the doruse was fantastic, and I am looking forward to signing it again next year. .
Yours sincerely. .
Juan Orozco.
I am keen on cinema thus I love toatch a series of games. .
But  what films are in my app  lost .
In my opinion  Bollywood is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a top ten best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters. .
In addition  I think that his settings are very realistic and the actor had a great performance .
Therefore  I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as a message we'll love you .
It reveals that our feelings across the boundaries of our cultures, if we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohammed El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 years old  living in Port - Said  Eypg .
I am a student in the three year of the faculty of medicine, Pody - Said University. .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother. .
I have one brother and one sister. .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a list of prizes. .
My hobniex card travelling  deadin stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and amalyzing information, so I am taking a pot oforses and training in the field, as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in Order Health Organization ( WHO ). .
It is not just a drew in my mind, but I work hard to make this dream come true. .
Also, to yarw , I worked in many places, such as a pharmacy , a restaurant, and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life, so I chose this program as I want to learn when stand , I wish to know more and more. .
In my childhood  my dream was to become an engineer, but when I changed my career to medicier  I realized that Alpah chose his best for me as cod my personalify. .
When I walk anywhere, I feel that I have the sword in my hand so I can do anything for people. .
One of my goals in her life is to invest an effective drug firm on the incurable like cancer  ZIDE and hepatitis .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our lifts ?
And what was the benefit of work in Tibet? .
But if you see your work and realize it all , it will be deserved for everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything in time in addition a little tired can change the rules for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in this world also  I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience, which will help, as insoure me, for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am saying the reference to the post of kov as a camp monitor that to require in use. .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it. .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am an unqualified person for the post. .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looming after children took 3 to twelve years old . I convinced myself quite often that, in my opinion, , they are real qualities highly necessary for this kind of job. .
I am food too at working in a team. .
I do not like to be or feel alone  this could be one of my greatest weakness. .
I really love beding with people all the times. .
I do not think being young will be a problem. .
Instead, I believe it is an advantage. .
Young people wear usually hats - orks and cayive person .
If you requires any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum citation with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your expense, convenience. .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work. .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest  I am not sure .
Although privately owned cars are more and more popular  and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries  it is not likely that these models of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today really hit in our crisis, said in one plan. The idea is an increasing problem of space mate pollution. .
Carbon based fuels fossil motf was forever .
I would say that most probably private care are not ' sustainables' or in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings. .
I know that it is high to demand a theatre of technological people flint around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
But it is of going to happen. .
I guess that in our future there had no helicopters  and no even cars .
Stastez and pap authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative. .
The price for independent transport wool grew dramatically. .
I think that will change the habits of one public. .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to return again to be on time , the nice old traim would become imploetant again. .
I imagine this structure  the first class of this semester  starts a yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher's teacher, while the teacher asks for the answer  students can not answer brause they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Students could receive a better  more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying, partly because of actor the long vacation , students will not remember the bowledbe they have learned  partly because, of long vacation, will let students used to have fun instead of study  and, probably because of so difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore  I agree with the statement that students could receive a better  more efficient education if they spend 11 minutes a year studying .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraph .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time. .
Mr Exajpel  on history class  religious teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he starts to teach the history, of South America, in the beginning of the semester. .
It is greedy wasting time and not efficient. .
Er to go would be  students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
Our example  when the esmester starts  isusents can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , styudenta will recall the joyful time, taste, and instear, paying attention on the teacher .
Last but no least  some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a beaten time .
For instance  learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you would forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell  based on aforementioned  I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better  more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is the soccer .
I buy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it. .
My father was a professional soccer player, so I think that I inherited this life of the soccer .
I played slower in different terms in my neighborhood  school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field, I forget all problems. .
I like to speak with my family partners. .
Together we analyze the right team, as we choose a strategy to with the match. .
Why I play bad, I feel nervous, but my parents give me their unconditional support. .
This is pricwise .
I know age halt is very important, so if you practice this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy. .
So if you are renting this art, you have to do it because you really like it. .
If you do not like it, there are many options to practise whatever sports. .
The soccer is not a violent sport, but sometimes it becomes .
In thus, ea you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally, I advocate that you enjoy playing the awesome sport .
On my vacation, I went to Nea Yor .
I also want to be amazing, Nizgara Figx .
Something that made me happy was to see my family. .
On September 12th, 2014, I went to New York City. .
In the day I was very happy because I received a lot of food. .
The flight was approximately five hours. Here too we agree with the beautiful movies. .
When I arrived, my uncle was waiting for me, and I gave him a big hug. .
We went to long island because there he lives. .
He have a really nice look, and I am happy to see my little cousin, 'Angel ' who looks just like me. .
In New York, I saw so much  I also went to the city that never sleeps  Manhattan .
My uncle had her awesome days of going to Niagarw, Falks .
We were in car and it was about 8 hours long. .
Finally, we arrived to Jiagarj Dalps city that looks like a ghost place. .
It does not have too much to do, but they wear the frals. .
I was ashamed of how huge he'd be, the girls. .
They were incredible, amazing and beautiful. .
I take too much photo because you do not visit places like that everyday. .
Something that me me very happy was to visit my family .
My cousin Jena lives in United States of America, and I was very to hug him because I Kiss him a lot. .
My cousum Agel was very happy to ask me and me too  we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of respect because she felt they do not meet me frequently and many other part of my family. .
In conclusion, I had a perfect vacation scene I see as things , vizit awesome place as Nizgara Falls and Tikew Squawre , receiving a lot of presentents and, especially, way a list of delicious fish .
First attending students to universities are out of the city where they use to lives  so , they had an accommodation to live through their study years. .
Mots universities provide cheap accommodations such as  shelter rooms or dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently.
Agaring houses or rooms have many advantages, such as  cheap , safe , lose to the university , and learn how to share everything with others  saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be kept than four times a week, having an apartment  and because it will be flosed to the University , saving money, and this is more efficient by reducing transportation costs.
In spite all these benefits  I prefer - if I own - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago  I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country  these days where I worst during my life  he was diryy , speaking loudly all to me and did not share the budget of eating  living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and stay friendly with all the others without exceeded the privacy of my friends . This matter fell under Jupiter's jurisdiction as the divine defender of good faith. .
That annoying me.
Although the federal government, which is described as a role of USA, has many benefits, according to reading passage 4, the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The principle of the federalism, which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs  is not always good for the structure where it may create some conflicts between the stages .
An example of tar is the marriage of homosexual, where some state at this marriage  others do not .
Also  the reading passage declares that even the federal government let bear some function independently , it still control on the main devisions .
This case causes some problems, where true lectyrr mentioned the failure of federal government to do illegal immigration to USA through Nevada, deser. .
Also, the cost of the federal government is the readout why each of the states and the federal blame lies there in the increase of the unemployment in some states.
In conclusion  federal government, which give freedom and powergul , cause many problems such as no single pilot and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time. .
I think that any days of trip is exciting, but also have their frustrating moments. .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico, I would give two important advice. I first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spice savor .
People say that in every village, the people suffer to different moments of the trip, they arrived  get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion  success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
In order to deny a trio to Mexico, I suggest that the traveler find a manner to meet alone with his or her companion .
The minimum chance would make a big difference when you visit other city. .
As an example  if you are able to get alones with court, grave companion would enjoy a moment of the trio , arrange sad pictures , what together  would visit place with common interest, such as mueuems or males .
One advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they for Mexico too. .
Mexican food has a lit of tanging dishes from different states of the country. .
For example  where at a lot of American people that does not likepy food and all most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice, I would suggest you to ask for wuces with lower pepper .
In this way, the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food worth less prosperity, made the seasoned delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country. .
In conclusion  I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country is not to get alone with their company in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious .
After the Internet was informed and revealed first time in August, January, 1969, , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for age to face communication .
MSLs such as Facebook send out 700,000 messages  and 170,000000 Tweets were publicized on Twitter, reaching 60,000 news. .
Unemployment  social consequences of Facebook and Twitter played an important role in communication  regardless of distance or time .
Hiwecer  people who use Facebook  Twitter or SMS in general  are only likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on beefiness and disadvantage of Facebook and Twitter  and also comments potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved  regardless of distance  through Facebook at Totter .
The benefit of hein from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transferred almost instantly to viewers. .
Firstly  Facebook and Twitter can be honest when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly, , Facebook provides its opportunity to remain in touch with family activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining time swan fewling within the network ( through walk posts , pokes , messages , etc.) ( Oldkeadw , Quinn , Andy Koppert  2013 ) .
That is to say  human behaviour on Facebook is interacted we with there by signifying their mood  and receiving responses .
Thirdly  Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continual  and moreover  maintaining relations with other existing members  and and showing the same interests by the social network .
( Emerald Grove Publishing  213) .
Finally  people at all allowed to follow anyone who they hang enjly above through Twitter .
For instance  by following famous celebrities , people can easily see very dark activities which are posted by them .
However  due to this  people who are being followed  or less in general  may have less personal privacy  and so there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive towards someone .
However  information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible  therefore everybody can easily respond as a public opinion .
However  information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible  therefore everybody can easily respond as a public opinion .
Mostly, Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
In fact  along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and end racist comment .
Diest of all  people canostr as recruiting columns with target a specific group or person .
For example  after the premier of The Hunger Game is released  a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the big actresses was performed by Black peraob ( Rauch and Scjanz  2013 ). .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it is open to many problems, unresolved with cycper - bullying , cycle - badging , cells - stalking behaviour ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams and Mdrtwn  2008 ). .
For example, , Krishna et al. (2013) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr. .
He's admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking, harassment, , trespassing, and telephone harassment (2005, pp. 622.
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially  Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general  may replace fax to force communication, may improve their functions  because people feel more freed or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to buzz each other' s acquaintances .
Therefore  it would be foolish to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second  rather to have to call them .
The possibly others might be the most time people spend on SMS , they always communicate sills that they face .
In addition  to defend the risk of negative comments or posys , Cacevook said Twitter would improve their features to solve the less personal privacy problem .
Of example  controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
However  despite the useful of these implications  people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoiding using it most of the time. .
In conclusion  the benefits for using Facebook and WhatsApp is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
As well, people can easily reduce their negative mood by shading in expressing how they feel. .
In contrast  because Facebook and Twitter have been affected worldwide  which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly  users might express offensive words, each other  because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone.
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc. .
Photographs are included in all of those skteas .
Also  this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life  because it is the heart's way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , syc .
As a new colleague's project.
This practice is considered to hold activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation. .
However  teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a product should be considered as learning to draw .
The skull is required in today' s world, but are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level. .
The reasons.
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world  especially in the latest generationa life (teenagers in minds ). .
This increase is elated with its overwhelming development of technologies in computers  cameras , cellohones , wtd .
Also  photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires free knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today! .
What a wonderful day to say!  There is an awful law, and final warning came .
A bright sun is shining  the snow melted away in March 2020.
The first spring bird cajs back from the warm countries .
They are singing funny and building their nests .
People look happy. .
They are sleeping together after a long, sunny winter. .
We see our clock forecast be hours in March 2020.
The summerime was first introduced in England in 1908.
Be days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter. .
We usually set our clock clock an hour in October 2020.
A lot of people are happy  because they can sleep (3 for 4) and hour more. .
Hofke was a life style.
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit. .
What are you thinking of whenever you do a sport ?
I think that our life style will improve. .
Well, you are mistaken. .
For doing different kinds of solorts, you need to be skilled or willing to the jew rhingz .
What if you do not have none of these requirements ?
Ten ou kla hockey is the answer .
Hickey is a story I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite. .
It is a good way of learning, how to communicate and work with people  in simple words .
It is a team sport. .
However, it is not always as simple as it sounded. .
Hoy has to train five days a week if you need to concentrate a lot. .
On the other hand, I enjoy every second of it. .
Through all my life, I have been willing to improve in this split, and since 2010 it has became aige wheel to me. .
How will I recommend this to you? .
It would definitely help go to grow amr improve as a person. .
Hocksy will change the sat yii seee the world, and you are going to stay session it with orhed eyes .
So, stop searching for the right slot , this one is for uopu !
As far as I am concerned  public transportation is the best transport media of environmental care .
In spite of some people make snough money to buy their own car  electric and hybrid cars were more expensive than traditional ones ( his homes who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and the 's because pollution is several issues that we have to deal with. .
The environmental care is taking strength every day  from kids to old people .
RHS government at many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social conscience. .
If people do not pay physical transportation  they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car  if that will provably take place when their depreciation is valid from the place where you live .
From my point of view  public transportation will be very important in the future  especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down for fee in public transportation  that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global warming .
In Coslada Cry Council  people are well informed about talking where environment .
The city council has developed several measures to improve the awareness of air citizens  for example  by children left at school, due to separate the waste .
Here are many ecological islands .
School of film had three or four kinds of bins and body at half as far as two hundred meters. .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side. .
Nevertheless, it is not enough  because Div 's owners that they have most of the blame .
Since 2008, there is many bike paths across the city  so the citizens will be able to visit the car and they will meet less air pollution. .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is stacked up every other day. .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children. .
But planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over this problem. .
A problem which was caused by us  human beings  with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of Rhus' trounoe so we make any effort to solve it. .
We usually miss the public transport , which has a great quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly, but it is always on time as true price is with .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which were classified according to the mareriao we want to recycl. .
Moreover  we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to cycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment. .
My sister teaches people way to do with things they want to rid of  such as bugs or others .
She is brave to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It says that this kind of things can be a world kicked .
As soon as the last eived ends, this southerner of Egyot is used .
The Nil ricer is the origin of the ancient Eptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years. .
As historians  researchers  scientists agree on this .
As as for me  I totally support this point of view. .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization, from the huge desert Wahwa .
All over the time, the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians. .
Furthermore, a elevation of your water level on one river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding our areas of fertile land .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the red soil of desert .
Nowadaya  deep and wide valley of the Nile becomes the most important transport pine or gytp .
Throughout the centuries, people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to year or year period. .
They knew when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stack up such clean way. .
It's such high level of development of Egyptian civilization, jaw the negative side as well as positive .
The great amount of dams were built on its river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals. .
Anysxy  a lot of Eptians still living far from the main water arter of the country and hard work find the clea war to rinkl .
But I hope  as soon as Egypt becomes developing, the government will point attention to the ecological problems that highly novel .
When most people talk about an important historical alliance in Italy  they think of Duomo  in Milan .
Bit the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you all agree that it 's the Folosseum' .
For centuries, this building ran neden to symbol of this city. .
It quite ancient  but still fascinating for thousands of tourists  who come every day .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Titp , who was a Roman emperor. .
It was used for slaves with animals or humans  who were killed without pity .
Loreoger hafy wat were represented in order to celebrate Roman armu .
It is ruined through the ages  but now people understand your importance and take care of it. .
In my opinion, it is important because it remembers our past and old traditions  which we should not forget .
However, not all people are aware of it. .
It 's out strength and every time I go beyond, I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That is why it is important, as it majes us understand, to never give up and follow our dreams. .
In this twist, moving world transport has become an important focus for everyday activities. .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn theirault living. .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling through car is a convenient node of transport , but most of the population can most afford it. .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transit. .
Firstly, to discuss the benefits of public transport, it is cheap and affordable to all cases of people in safety. .
Variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people' s financial conditions. .
Win public transport is a time waste and no pitch are sold of the disadvantages. .
Similarly travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages. .
Everybody can't afford a travel through car as it is costly  but to discuss the benefits  some can enjoy in privacy during travel and is convenient.
And sophisticated and can travel fasted .
To be up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages. .
Sometimes I think that Tippdk is too crowded. .
There is no denying that the MRT in this country is such a convenient metropolitam system. .
However  during the rush hour  there are always a dim person who was no longer aware at all. .
They occupy top many seats  including priority seat .
Furthermore  most of them are students .
They do not respect the passengers , but keep laughing and teaching each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Nor, moreover  I think that providing the seat to elders is also a problem .
Priority seats  and preserved to those who need  not only elder, but also some adults need it. .
Somehow  not all of them can you identify whether bodeiw feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which led to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people won't blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat. .
Moreover  Spke led people would take this comedic acting for granted, so they would even command young adults or students offer their seat without lanners .
In my opinion  and transportation in our city have nothing to criticize, suspect that .
Every he should develop the awareness of public kajner .
Telisiom is an important part of Old dulture. .
We depend on television for entertainment  education , news and films.
TV blitz, lych henefits, plus.
Firstly, it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others. .
TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose wake was adapted for her programs. .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children' s socialization and learning skills. .
Methods  current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people. .
Documentaries can help develop civil thinking about society and the world. .
TV can help introduce gun to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Culturally, programming can open up the world of music and art for young people. .
Bur television have also negative effects, by first of all  children who spend a great deal of time watching television as less exercise .
In addition  these children receive pesa socialization with other children .
Television akeo toss zwah from fanily tomr .
This is also true of gamilise we eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and sale of financial products and services to an international bank  in the maxx - market and small - business .
I follow the relationship with customers of acquisition to the arise until the realization of contracts  building on maintaining relationships later - said in the aim of customer satisfaction.
I also worked with large and small teams in badkl - offices , managed many administrative activities related to motages  personal loans , contability and investments too. .
I worked for several years to pay acquisition of new customers  to provide tank wiru a complete service  from the account to enhance products  investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , as cross - selling produced .
In many years of work, I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
in - standard situations  analyzing the problem  finding an implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work within serenity and enthusiasm  I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
I am careful to meet the goals of a team in which I work  cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other counts of view to the fitting ways to deal .
I work for be made large company and 25 teachers  how is fue time to change and turn new job opportunities? .
Needs to work my subsand has been living in Zaaandam  I sent to find a new job in Holland to join our family .
I liked sports such as skiing  riding and seimming  I have also got the rescue licence  I wire as a lifeguard in our summer study and drop her patent padi dige mastee.
Nowadays we all hope  that public transport can save the world .
When we need all this cars in our yards  when we stay in traffic jams  we think that one says we will have to live our car and use public transport .
If we do not do it  one day we will wake up in the immortal tragic ham .
U  probably  this situation is likely proof of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphere. .
Fpt instance  Google reported about Googlemobole .
Maybe  robots will be able to drive mode smart then people .
If they will contact each other and update Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads. .
So people will be able to avoid relief as .
Nk all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think , it might take away their independence .
But another of colleagues think that it is not so bad idea  because they will be able to drum in spite of the fact  that the car drives at the moment .
However  where will always be people who disclose to be a forever anyway? .
And people who hate public transport  rather will always be .
Its question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world  and , finally  , what will decide .
How by language do he speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language? .
Or do you want to be a polggot ?
Today, it is miles time important to learn a foreign language than before. .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to keep a firelight language today. .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable. .
Second , of finding a good job opportunity  the business exchange is increasing in the international level  if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on our profile, and you can hear a higher salary .
Third  through learning a foreign language , you do not only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture  get to know a different culture and society different than yours  s , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years  there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
Form newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure our staff our environment is changing severely. .
Many scientists incur that people' s lives will change dramatically in the near 50 years because of humans ' treery .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life  our budget to protect and replenish the Earth at the same time. .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings. .
Various trajectories emit excessive carbon dioxide to be a .
All the examples above will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter. .
The longer temperature enhances  the worst the living quality is .
If people around the world could not put no more emphasis on our livelihood places  we must have a dark and hopeful future .
Due to the climate change  the weather is so poor that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supply  people' s body will become weak and rout. .
In this living situation  instead of laughing and gappiness  there will be more faith , bared by sadness .
Everyone lives in despair  you can only fine the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences  are caused by the humane ' unjustified heart' .
Friends , front bow , let us be the symbols to protect and take care of our Earth. .
It is rangerolus , but I knew I had to do it .
The unecovered work is very hard , not just because you will wake with dangerous people  and really danger is if you get discovered .
Gen people know that they were deceived  that through truth, where broken  hewda will roll .
You have to be precise , first , and a dealky goof actor .
The passion for the cause is to us to survive. .
It is must something that I had to do  not you , just hear  me .
I did not choose her , this job has chosen me .
Ddar Sje, or Madamme .
I would like to apply for the position of both ligebuard assistance, which I was desvertised. .
For the past 10 years, I have honed the swimming group at the University. .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad. .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post  considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand, I completed the first aid course  in the Food Cross .
His job would offer me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained in what is more, it would provide me new knowledge. .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should receive quite further information. .
I am available to attend an interview at out convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Ykjr's faithfully. .
Sebastián Hernández.
In our modern work , many people are suffered from stress at spring from life conditions .
In addition to this  people are working in very stressful workplaces, am they want to leave from this condition in holidays? .
Therefore  it can be said that holidays are the best option to render to savouril and revive the spirit for people .
In holidays  people can gain from divine problen and also can take more ties with their friends and family .
In this respect  many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
For example  walking in the seaside or swimming in the water can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand  holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly, their experience at life .
Pelle can review their decisions in Hilidayay's most accurate of helpful .
For instance  in stresafyl piofe conditions, people can make bad decisions from their future .
Besiode  people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
One reason is that people must complement their tasks in order to gain more money to make their lives and they get about these emotional feelings, such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things. .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings. .
For example  people meet their relatives that never see or a long time .
At the same time  people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can pray for God and it gives a relief for people. .
When people remember the emotional of spiritual subjects, they can become more happy  because people need to leave the material world .
In holidays  people have tried to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
In conclusion  holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also, holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit of the soul, because people have a chance to live a modern life that has full of material subjecra .
Cycling to school  to work or to do any other activity, it is not a common habit in Spain .
However  the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valemcia  are giving their best to promote that movement, because they consider it a way of development .
On this one hand  there are many benefits of cycpin .
Firstly  it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution  as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore  it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand  there are some issues, such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statistically, cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by vaf .
Another disadvantage is true weather .
Getting wet when it rains  having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing either or having to keep drinking way hot earlier .
In my point of view  cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to add the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by bus is much more convenient than by public transport. .
For example  people making car do not need to spend gike wautiung for road hours or subway .
And this undesirable like might be no so short during holidays  due to press frequent schedule .
Also  we can drive a caf to a place where the public transport terminals is not able to reach .
When the bye is crowded  we have to stand  making us near exhausting, especially of a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above  advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
Furs  public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use  the less car exhausts are emitted per person .
Recently  several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words  public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving people .
Second  bulk transport zaves city spaces .
As people as more people choose to live in cituse , nowadays our cities become large and more crowded. .
Consequently  the space for each photon becomes more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a case and uses it either than public transport for every travelling distance  I suppose that our streets would become a parking park and everyone could spend more time in cleaning .
Last b, not yhw leqr , public transport allows people to do other things, which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings  resulting in a tense sirti .
Of a passenger  however  travelling is a complex relay .
Oelepple can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
Though there are many advantages, dot oublci tfanzport , it dies not mind that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. 5.2  it offers less flexibility than car , and is less environment friendly than bicycles. .
Therefore  it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace either .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit on .
Languages for the future
Shohkd leah other languages ? .
We lives in a world that day to day changes, as people need to develop their skills and overcome. .
I think there are many reasons to lead languages. .
On the one hand, it could allow you to communicate with people  know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
All in recent years to express yourself in English  French , Germany and Russian jazz became something essential and very important in my view to find a jon .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course. .
Also, I consider that it ends to be hard and takes tile away from dinner, not other things. .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future, but to achieve it they will manage to be monitored and to enjoy learning .
Rria franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos  25 - 30 - 30 2014.
Dear Usa Summer Camps .
I am writing in response to hour advertisement for a job .
I had a part - rim job as babby -itte and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often. .
I worked in an Eastet camp tank, when I have already prepared a lot of activities , like my rappel , paibtalk .
That is for these reasons I think I had the skills for the jib .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address. .
I hope you considerate me for the job  Rodrigo.
Today  I went to my Winnie 's home at Adriana in the afternoon .
We are delighted for a play, interesting games, software. .
We had a great time. .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon  we arrived at Winnei 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as almost and his high world .
After thirty minutes  we had tdaq .
Wimnoe loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home. .
We had mouth- watering steawberry juice as juicy apple juices of tea as they were extremely yummy. .
Acyer having tea  we may hide - and - see altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriahs and I hid behind a bench as Winbie pooped for us. .
Suddenly  Qinie fell over a little stone .
Adroaba and I immediately came to her and blew her up. . .
Your knee is bleeding. .
Are you okay?'I asked. .
I am zhakioning puke a year, one my heart is pounding in. I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.' He says  I am fine  ' Winnies replied .
I felt relieved then. .
Gadn  Adriana found a poster and put it on Winnie 's wound. .
Winnie felt warm imsode and smuped halpipy .
I feel glad today, although Winnwin hurt herself. .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unfoggetable day! .
In my opinion, the outcome in the future will be better. .
Hopse of this future will be bub d brigth .
Inzide still be full of conveniences. .
Both species will be divided in a few zonjee .
Relaxation 's , leading 's  kitchen 's zones, smd so on .
In goodise of the future, there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light inedy house. .
Trelevision will be cordless  as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible. .
Thanks to that, it can pand or doubled .
Everything depends on the number of people. .
Swimming is my favourite sport. .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well  swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport, so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's effort , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sports that can be learnt at any age, but children can start to learn awimming as early as two years of age. .
Swimming has different speeds  dolouin , crawl , backstroke, and burst stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in a weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight , it is also the best sport for the azthmativ patients, because it strengthens the crust muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections. .
If you won't start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of hour gaw .
Hdllo, Paul, 2006.
I snapped helping at his cocnert, which was in Antasya on October 14, 2020.
I had a great time with people who were looking as a helper of the content. .
I got a lot of experiences from them. .
In the concert, it will people can enjoy but bob Floyd them about how they were preparing to concert. .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time. .
For example, they know everything about each helper' s jobs, but on the same time the jobs concern Wang products. .
I fear, explain to you, whom interstung part of from my expedience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the client and we decided do it, thank you, the concert just do your job, which would be chosen .
When we were arranging concert play, we made work sharing for all of us. .
Some of them started design the stage  some of the checking song volume and blues .
My job was singing songs with which singers would perform. .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concerg because of singers. .
They were always wanted to change some songs, which was on the list .
On the concert time, I was really worried that something would appear suddenly. .
Actually, everybody can be worried because they get time and effort to it. .
Vinall concert started and also the lights are shining like stars. .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the vonceft frinihed, I kept like a bird which flying freely .
Of course, I had whole pain in my legs because all year time I was standing. .
However  I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to knite it to fun next concert, which will be next if you have any time, please come and see how we are preparing for the concert. .
I am waiting for your email. .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways. And how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding advertiser , technology is having a huge  and no always positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
From lack - or - shiet beds posted in public place, we have moved to oractically live surrounded by outdoor wards placed in very available one imaginable spot .
Frank buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
I am sure that in this very near future  if I have been looking for erstauramts in Jallirca in my computer or maybe at home  in my way to wirk the ideas on the buses I will see - which of course will be screen and nor leinted sooner - will show images of Mallorcx , or an add from trafficvisor with Mallorcca in it .
It will shift me some , and it even will be set up , but I am also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels, aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my gown and find it full of bright screens  no stated how beautiful or artistic he'd pictures a display are .
It might be considered an at , or at least sole pieces are real artists , htu placed on the wrong spot or some at the wrong time they loose the artistic side .
But  technology is harder for bex or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it as best we can .
If I coup change on thin in my life  I would like to change my jousr .
I would like to have a njg detached houses in sububs of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So that I could live more freely and independently. .
If I had the house  I would decorate it in modern style .
I would build there fitness gym , aardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such hius , I would like to seize a harbecur area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives. .
Together we would spend time in pleasant atmosphere. .
When it comes to my favorite port  tenks will always be my answer .
Though I am a novice of it  I think it is interesting, since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off  I always lay tenna to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner of renning , my advice is that it needs to get a suitable rocket for you first. .
As the proverb goes, 'If you want to learn something well , you will never to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required toarn every basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires pot of bread sjilla , if you do not learn the important texaniocal slowly and steadily , gou mzu gsy hutt during the practitioner .
Finally  finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis. .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough chopsticks in the screen? .
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the game easy? .
That was only 30 years ago. .
An explosion of tunnels carried to our homes in the eighties. .
In this report, we still see some characteristics of today' s television. .
Number of Cahnneld now gradually reducing.
In our country, one decade ago, when digital TV arrived  a log of new channels finished .
All tv third to get several licences to distribute their show. .
In order to resolve some deficits, burgets  yodsy gherd are mainly tied to TV groups .
Less channels transmit less choves. .
Internet TV is infrastructures.
It costs less money and you can choose exactly one moment  where a kid will watch this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
You must click on it .
He have to reduce their budget.
Despite of changing channels, we see the same bills. .
Bgi Broadcast griips are tossed by wind of the .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameras all around the world. .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Saturday.
TV is dying. .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays, only national or international abroad forces can be in the match. .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit? .
However, the fact is that there is a countdown on them. .
Dear Mrs Hookins, .
I have seen you adverfisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest.
To join your skal group on a grip around the wheels .
I am a 20-year - old student for Switzerland, speaking German , French, Swiss and I am keen on traveling .
With several trips to many countries, I have no idea until bkw , I would say that I have already seen experience in travelling around the world .
I am interested in to hoon your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries, and I would like to explore new countries around your world. .
For few years I have been in a scut group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a say or to orientate myself in the illness .
Furthermore, I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure. .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Dear Stebew  .
It was good to hear from you. .
Basically, my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean  not only the English language, but also to know more about your culture and visit niche places of your country as well. .
As I told you before, I can not afford to pay this trip alone  so my father will lit up some money to help me .
But I won't find a job to help him with the bills. .
Can you give me a mind on it? .
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cambridge university where I will study English for 5 months. .
Thanks to all the help and I look forward to hearing from you. .
Best wife.
Joaquin Matos.
Hi Jokh .
I am looking forward to seeing you. .
First of all  you should better outline of the airpory transformal .
There you talk, see vuz ztatkons in the stage. .
We'll help get there, take its bus, which has number 111.
Then, fly to the nis stop-up Zličín's .
There you can fly to the underground sration and travel to the feature of Prague .
If you choose this way  I will call you in my morning to tell you where all we meet dacfly .
But if I were you, I would fake a taxi off the underground is quite boring  but it is cheaper. .
Anyway  you need to get to the center  I'll wait for you there .
Finally  the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
That is why you do not have to take warm clothing. .
I am delighted to see you soon. .
Besdf writes  .
Jacog.
In my opinion, we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment or doing work between this breed. .
Firstly  we can discude type of food we want to eat .
Actically  students eat a lot of food, while they are studying at university  because they do not eat, try to do food , for these reasons. I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - like food  and a good idea is for kids. Courses were named pottes , a parade vegetables, and for dessert. apple pie. .
On the other hand  we are studying architecture, maybe we soule fooee a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant, with a lot of windows  with a white chair , table and wall  or, or, less, a relaxed environment, buy the apartments where is very important for dinner, and I think that we mugve this  because we wiko navr a good night, or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion  I think that this type of food, or atkospheer, is vedy for us  because normally we'd spoken about book , work and studies , while with this rule of environment, we can speak about us , our family, , our neighbors and all people get to know how something about oyherd meats .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I live his foo uwre and I think my classmates fol. .
You can find it the worst burgers you have ever eaten. .
They are incredibly delicious. .
I do not know how how do they make and cook them. .
These burgers add my favourite food because they acted amazing. .
I can not say how they express, you have to taste them .
It is a favour similar to stay in the hotel or in the paradise. .
I recommenc you to go to this restaurant and how definitely you've with a very good flavour in your mouth and a high smile in your face. .
You will start to come another time. .
However  if you do not like burgers, you can eat whatever you eat of American food, and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person, he has dated another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives. .
More than a billion people uses buses  taxi s and trains  as tourists  from work  meeting relatives ping to school  etc. .
Many remove uwe cfs. .
Though travelling by act is made convenient but it is expensive .
That is why, because the cost of petrol  diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can be a lot of money in following ways, why?
1  People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2
As they have specific routes across the country  row , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside big city etc. .
I disagree with the statement states abroad because in future we are likely to hear only two classes in society  the rich and the pole .
Middel class is disappearing and becoming scarce dead by Aug. 20.
It is because of high taxes on yolds. .
So  I believe with we will have public transport or people are young to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is seen good for our environment rather than air. .
Nowadays, people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that bioks are more interesting than the film versions. .
I are not the point of view. .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstky  readint helps to bevoje a well educated person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
That is why, while you are reading up, xrs getting a piece of information .
Furthermore  books develop imagination of reader .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening, appears in your mind .
Yoi vab imagines how heroes look like  yoj caj omagone different views , where the action takes place .
And finally  I think it is very important that you can easily see your kok with ytu in heart reading anytime you want .
On ye othed and , if you lime being in company, the heet wy fi you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friend. .
Also, my puddle cohoe lives because you liked sounddracks and seciak waffers. .
It is so exciting. .
But all these factors are not important for me. .
I suppose that books are nettre to them film versoon .
To sum up , I 'd like to say deadint is really feat thing.' .
A girl was walking down one day. .
She was sick, her mum ..
She was just a young, beautiful girl. .
So  they were going home when the girl noticed aure doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a biker dress , when gloves and black shoes. .
Just like her ... ''Muk, I love my doll! I couldn't be it from me  '' she said. .
Ner mum could not deny to her  so she bought it .
Oh! The gip had so many special moments wirrr dlol, awesome! They looked so adorable together! 'That was like twins. .
After some years, the girl decided that she has to move. .
She was eighteen years old  she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath, pulls out her doll in the attic, just like her chilehoo memories. .
At night, he heard some creepy noises from there ...
She are there, and there was the doll with a knife in the hand, ''Nell , why you do not play wig me anymore? Are you boring of me? Just because I have only one eye? But you moved me the other way. .
Just because I do not have one if my gloves, but you did it again,'' she screamed. .
And then ... .
Nexf dxh , going at his home, hem wanted to find his daughter. .
So  she went importers .
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence ''Auy sic guo leave me that way. .
Tennis is an individual sport. .
But you have to deal with the game. .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes  a tennis racker and dime balls and person who pays with .
Althogu, you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
This report is not just about a physical powder .
You supposed to use your hair as well. .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a national power .
As the other sports  tennis is getting more more  fast and commercial .
I mean professional tendencies. .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory. .
Some of them practise tennis because of their parents. .
It is not fair enough. .
Chile should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on. .
You can start if you are grown up anyway. .
It is never too late. .
Either you can find a professional coax, or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Ar Mns Kate Ashby, 32.
My baby is Adefa Cocci , I am sixteen  and I saw the advertisement of her werkd sodk in your case and I am interested to work with you .
I 'm a great choice for the work , in fact  I am interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and food us field is everything .
In Italy  I attended school for water and cook  and sometimes I cook lsabna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my county  and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I'm also good at dealing with people  in fact, since we was younger  I have done the animator at this summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived  and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked in many theater companies, and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people  also if I do not know the .
At the end  I am also prepared to work long hours  when I worked with my aunt in his face  I worked to eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m.'  it was difficult, but I did it all day. .
I look forward to hearing from home soon. .
Andrea Cocci.
Easay
In today' s essay, I am going to focus on the pros and cons of tudyiny Engliw abrokad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English? .
It is true that going abroad can open new points of views about your own learning process. .
Talking to English mativist speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Bejdes , it can be funny or enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However  you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it, and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all, so it would be easy to become a real nightmare if you quite not focus on your learning tsaka .
From my point of view, I think the advantages overcome by disadvantages, especially if you have no money sacer of it. .
Byy, if you do httpst. , there is always a solution, which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can begin to tweet mature speakers by using some Chat Eoims online such as Skiep and others .
Football is a passion.
When I was little, I had tried a bunch of sports  Handball , Swiking , Teniw , but my favourite sport is both one of those , it is a sport that I have meve imitated for football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was fit men , not for girls , but if I tried it  I loved it .
Have you ever think about playing football? .
At first  when I started to play football  I did it with my classmates , to where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable  however  some years ago  they started to intimidate me when they play  and nowadays  I love playing football with them .
Now  some women and I started to organize paper machines  so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football  but how can it take part of my life? .
I think football is a very exciting sport  and that everybody in the world should get it at least included in his or her life. .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to receive some punches .
I recommend you a great restaurant, which is in the shipping center. .
I have been there twice  and I pick it .
Its ham is ' The English oven ' , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British flavor .
The service is excellent, and the waires are so pleasant and gentle. .
The interior is big , so all town class could stay inside without problems. .
The dedcotation is modern and fozy , and it 's very aoke great traditional British obnets .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh. .
They've got a lot of different didhes  traditional and medieval .
They have also taught a lot of different types of salads  pastra and pizzas .
The designs are very good too. .
They have got original omse , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
Tyree is a big variety of five creams .
His restraint is not too expensive , which is perfect for us  because we do not want to spend too much money .
One restaurant is in fuel shopping center  so we can get ger trees by bus or by train .
I think it is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course  so we would book some table as down as possible because a lot of people usually lose there .
Sharing whole life , famous people , such as political and film stars , medium add accompanying them .
In my view  public lersno edsertve to gabe their own life  without photographing .
In some hand  becoming a public person associate with journalist  masks - media  flashes .
Amazon's people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way. .
However  that still being ordinary people  they may mistakes .
People are thought being jaeloua .
Note song kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely critical and they have defective influence on society, which assess celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentart. .
In the other hand, many of stars would their prices to exfn Jordan and more money .
The value of their talent  abulities are counted in amount of tabloids scandals .
Summing up  all over,hew, world , are living famous people, who do not bring into the limelight their lid .
It is ever been very useful to a long time ago  neverthless nowadays  there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed  and society would save a pit of money .
However  people do not think about the large disadvantages  such as, for example, people save money, but it is being comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly  the high reasob is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place, and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired, but besides , if you have a car , you have to pay auto's taxes .
In addition  these people tend to boast public transport or travelling around the country in city .
Secondly  another idea is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating that before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one report. .
Finally  one last reason is the comfort because you have a car, it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides, in some cities , fra can not be painted in some places , such as in the old city and the city centre .
Summing up  people are aware of global warming and think about the high risk of having a car .
For my point of view  I got used to walking around my city and my cwf is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a ever changing world. .
Today 's new things become thousands of past in few months' .
Take an example of mobile technology  your past has it  with latest configurations becomes outdated, without few months after buying it .
50 years is a dry, long time, and people lives will definitely change in such a long period. .
However  their important point to discuss, while be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Last 50 years, science and technology took great leaps  internet  mobikes made us more connected .
Today  we have all the information at finger - rips .
Today  we do not need to worry about getting lost at new places  Google maps are always there to help .
We end not to create English words today  as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our monipes .
Meeting new people or selling our products  you do not need to face anyone  everything can be managed through a virtual platform. .
Today or lives have become much more comfortable than last  thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand, a number of terrorism  global warming and greed became real challenges of today' s world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters  and then .
Terrorsit activities causing havoc in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders. .
If these challenges are more addressed in coming years  imagining better lives of people in 50 years, hence is father difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right chance it would be boon for us  in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
To who may concern .
I am an Italian girl who is studying to improve her English  I have got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website, and I immediately thought, 'What at 's cor me , I am one right person for this kind of jh !n' .
Perhaps  you're wondering if I shall be this ribhr person .
Rha 's slogan said .
I am motivated  flecioble and openminded person, and I had a lot of experience in this field as well. .
I have worked as spicap trauner and as educators since I was 16.
I love doing social activities and planning events. .
When I worked as educator  I had to plan and manage some projects and outdoor activities .
I had a very gerar memories of these experiences and I would really like to give them again. .
If you were tested  please have aolk at my CV .
As you requested  I attach it in tin mal .
Best regards .
Personally  mobile phones are very important in my life. .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how far away they are. .
The same about my parents, namely they are old, and sometimes they call me or talk about their health. .
Concerning video - game  I agree with scientists that they thought it left children' s brains to develop , but it is important to controller them because there are a lot violent games .
However, there are brilliant games for children. .
In my opinion  the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to sue the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect shut other years  speak about courses and change information .
Finally  I think technological developments may help us improve to the future .
Friends should be like a shadow, always beside you. .
In his taste of joy and sorrow .
Notung is impossible in lire, but by doubty it is not easy to send sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one. .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a French .
The more people you people need, the more easy it will become for you to find a friend. .
When you find onepend tijmke with tbdm , sqre views , odeas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you set, but they should share their views about it. .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news. .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business, wind, money , sports , culture , education , late and style , Travels , the weather, and the environment .
There were plenty of advertisements of jobs and donations to help individuals. .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
They saw a complexity English language which avoids loan language .
As detailed , it is suitable for students who pair English language to improve their English .
On the other hand  I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example  it is not suitable for children due to official language  where were also a huge number of commercials, advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall  The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays  in the modern, a progressive world where people is smart and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in table computers instead books.
In my opinion  the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes, then I am watching TV or I am reading newspapers, I notice smart gadgets come very useful for our life. . It seems to me good opportunities to make our lives more easily. .
Also, it makes us more clever. .
I am convinced that using table numbers in kur everyday life is rather poor. .
People do not seem to carry a lot of books in a bag. . Pupil could not say that he's a book because he has all books in his ready queue.
Some people think that it is a new idea. .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation. .
This people are sure that electronic things make us stupid. .
They insist on not using tablets at school. .
Personally, for me  I like books very much  when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tabled are useless. .
We should lose it, but we are most not forget about schools. .
In conclusion  I want to say that that we should be west of new technologies and try to make our lives safer.
It Big Mistake.
This day was full of joy and happiness  by something went front, afyet when we told him that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well  by 2020.
At the moment, when she told him that she is pregnant  he just frozen .
It was the math for him. .
He thought it is easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her. .
He tried to understand what is going on in him. .
It was weird, his lay questions and doubts came up on his head. .
One pattr of jkm was reallyppy  beduase to be a sathed is in one of the biggest dreams  but on the other hand, he could not handle this news. .
This woman , who stands next to him  is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and happy her and celebrate this good news. .
But how he did not feed anything? .
All that he fell as infancy. .
He could not handle the feewling , when he tried to touch him  to his nc bg gil .
He knew that he loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just so wrong on this moment. .
Her pic.  Free, simple and even how bold both was to erling on this moment .
She couldn't understand what 's going on' , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about miss and family, as he said, that he would like to have kids with it. .
And now  he just avoided her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a high mess. .
Sew was more than happy and he could not handle the news. .
They both knew at the low raxh ohed, and they made ahoyt each other  hut it is for much of him .
He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be gone. .
Mlifhael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. .
To the beginning, I am going to talk about what is my lovely sport and why I will enjoy the sport. .
In fact  I do not like to do some sepoets during the anytime  but if I really need do some exercise  that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly  I think  swimming pool is clearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take, showet .
Secondly  I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do hot walks in sun and sand .
Third  swimming in the ocean is not dangerous .
However  I like to stay in the swimming pool during my summer .
Sctually  I do not know how to swim, but it is my favorite sport in my whole life. .
Moreover  I think before any kind of sports that we should do whole exercises, that is because we need to relax our bodies' interest  if we do not do it, that we will get dangerous, where we are dog in any sports .
In conclusion  my opinion is I do not like to do any sports, but we need to choose one kind of sphere in use, now and almost all people need to do it  as we would jog them at home or working all the time. .
Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life. .
In the third place  we need to pay attention to the fact that Cacerz is located in a pasture area where local farmers had been breeding sheep , cow and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions, such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer 2020.
As a result  if water red sources are difficult to be preserved, then it is scarcely necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people' s awareness about the importance of a rational sense of it .
Rhed local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the towns where citizens can spend their freed time or even do sports .
That is the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or tecnological areas. .
Finally  the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of some of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
In France  around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to start and recycle their rubbish, taking it out to the yellow  green and blue containers in every street .
Since that is the native point , these depths are still visible in tow, and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ice. .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes  and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point, but anyways, this is not important information .
I searched my carefully in the hoide, and there was no one in this home , just me .
I got a bit scarfed, so I search then outside in the streets. .
I did not know that a bomb bomb on the city had killed almost everyone  now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did not know about your explosion is because this party where I live is a very poor area and it is not that beautiful, so you can not distinguish workers' does the explosion hit .
Finally, in some days I found me neighbors with some food , I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
We made some incentives about law , but it was a total conflict  because the group noticed that some good was missing somehow. .
I think that someone drays some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping. .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws. .
In the next morning I ate a piece of tea and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and save us. .
In the night, I was thinking about many things, just when I heard some noises. .
I stalked him and it seemed that the vu has a jumo .
I stomp him and when he turned around, it was a moment from the group. .
We were talking about this when a dog jusr came near 2nd, it was adorable just when he converted into a big widd creature. .
He bg my dg am it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others, not it as to late , it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eating old friends and the food .
In some ways that she ribbed the food in the bright and I quaks up, it was good from my survival. .
But if I had given opportunity to reverse the trend of w am I going, I would not do it because I have to take all of them. .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF YOURW HELAPTY.
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you gain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Medzco , desa, don't practice any type of exsrcie , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of when Mexico is the country, both more dense in the world? .
Coining exercise, it is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life  while to exercise you feel elp with you, are welfare and you are body .
There is a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise, like reducing or take control of your re weight , it helps you with heart disease  peoples with you are sick , and also you can make male a kind of friend while doing any exercise. .
Now days, there's a lot of different types of exercising  goy cab, pracride any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or yki cwn simply go to the GYN or practice Crossfire or something like that .
Soccer It is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends  you can stay quiet  but you also be good skills because it is only easy to control the ball and dribble up your legs on the fly. .
I recommend you to practise any sort, you puke and enjoy every second to spend exercising. .
Thanks and Scott now  you do not regret it .
Is there any furs to public transport  for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disappear about free public transport, whom are to be disappearing  though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
This composition will explain this its different opinions. .
Firstly  the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also  unpile public transport such as buses and underground  you have much more freight and speed .
There is a perception that a form gives life to the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication ' Youny pepple and transport court ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy exolain 's - I prefer going in the cat , it 's quicker' .
There is not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well as to hearing it.
Although they are many positive points about private cars , they were axo negative, kned .
Indeed  cars increases fuel pollution  you have traffic congestion  and it is very expensive  plus - on my wage  even the driving lessons are expensive .
When just owning a car and looking at golur car , insurance  rax , dc .
Obviously, it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh  but I do not work in Edinburgh .
» Day at a 17-22 22 years old ou .
No, , self only  travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do not pay no fee on public transport , but also  it is easier .
According to The Sun Times, 20,000 were a lit of faffive accidents which occurred to private cars. .
The main reason is that the cars' owners were drunk when driving. .
It is clear that if they got a bus or a taxi when they were crick , it would not have as much accidents. .
Final up  many deeper countries on the world  such as England  America , Canada , Japan and so on  have built a public transport system  so the traffic can have been decreased .
As a result  age donomy has been increasing .
From this analysis  it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very impodtang .
Topic Types.
Do you agree or disagree? Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship.  .
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion. .
Even though being faithful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is not personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or this employer. .
It is better to test a little white peje at this moment. .
To further illustrate the first point about , call out one 's fewlungs by telling the truth at all times .
For example  if some someone you are acquainted, wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in the occasion .
People usually tend not telling the truth, since it would make her feelings .
Instead of doing so  people, Ms. Paiss said, with better things on her .
In that case  they could simply make conversion without boiling his medium .
The other point is, when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since, more of the time, it is strange and inappropriate to took oneself to mud to people at work or even people that come just not acquired .
If there are questions about things, one do not want other people to know , ygey mibut day a little white kir which usually does not matter so much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer the people from inside details, but it by sure that I just had some errands to run. .
These are the poles of time on falling the trutb or pt. .
Last Friday  Michael ab, I is in and school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in its laws  suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michwel closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake. .
Here to this  we're boy calord to meet the hero .
I could not understand how we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had disclosed the error .
The door was not broken into pieces or fell down. .
My cueiosify had put me unto a very trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a low way, and hopefully he can gabes me the answer I wanted. .
However  things do not have opened kikr wba I holdrd .
I ended getting expelled from the school because reacher and the classmates suspected Michasp and I steal our classmate - Sewlly 's wallet. .
I could not imagine how teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to develop it. .
I finally realised that everything was a trap, and we are one unlikely one innocent ones, as we fell into the trap .
We wiped off our tears  and waved out hands when we left the school .
Although  one day later, the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know, even if we go naked that tile  similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset. .
Despite USA's summer fans, .
My name is Biabca Padocsi , and I have read your advertisement fit the jih .
I consider I am the right person for tuiz jog because  firstly  I see flued and lead English, which is very important to communicate .
SK  I gave a good relationship with little kids , I used to look where my nieces and nephews over the weekends and the over spending time with me  moreover, I am very energetic  I was awa readu to work hard .
Furthermore  I am very creative when it is a good aspect of myself  as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like makijgb puzzles or games which play during , jumping which are important for kids development .
I am not very good at cooking, but because I never have time to dedicate it on that. .
I think that if I watch if I learn here to do it, I would learn very fast and can eliminate it. .
That is a good quality of nibe , I learn this very fast, and I also ca gey used to new things .
I am very exited about this job and I hope you deploy soon. .
Bianca
Da number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others  we went outside the shelter, we built and write in wall near to the shelter's safe zone  and if there is someone that needs help, he would find some supplies and ammk to survive. .
We statt on journru and ogimg in the forest , there was a lot of wild pastx on our side, there were various yuyx that were sick we could not do anything except for  kewp gling , I was seeing my little group to avoid dimimksh, and some of us were very allergic to some plants  I was the only one that has no problem with all the other stiff people had problems with. .
I thought that my fav genes were actually immune to the infection. I would actually be gangster revolutionary if that helps everyone the least in my quest, and I would really positive about it, but I would notwithstanding  I would not actually sacrifice myself, I gave to thought about it. What about in terms of simply giving more money? The decisions taken at the Spring European Council for an integrated energy and climate protection policy are groundbreaking.
We need to find the ones that were still alive or at least relps us what happened to everyone  the battle against hunger started, everyone was hungry, and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that would lead us to go to things red or eaten away by a walker, so we needed to find something that said a food nutritional based gold where we could lay with no problem, rather, be ok .
We found a luarmacy and a restroom where we could get a refund and take a shower to clean ourselves. .
We go close to food pharmacy, there was no walkers inside, so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the door, so I gave someone to check us. In the night, I needed some rest and went to bed, immediately, .
In my area there are many railway lines and they are often overcrowded. .
But private traffic in those two is yet more present  as the resort at Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home  there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy, also that you used to live .
When you have to pay the telephone, nac energy bills , you can do that in nat tobacco does not need to your homes. .
If you're shopping  in the periphery of the town  there are some big supermarkets , which hold a majority item of this main great overview of Europe and above .
Like all the industrialised countries  a connection to the Internet is granted amongst the health area and each building .
At the end  the taxi driver present and they cover all the town  nut this service is less organized and developed than the English the .
There is an opinion thatamous people , such as celebrities , from stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private image  deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind, there should be a board between paparaszi work in a privacy of family people. .
In my opinion, big swtars should be able to relax and take some private time. .
As far as I am concerned, there is no one who feels comfortable when is unduly surveillances of people to wait to take pictures, which shows them in embarrassing situation. .
Unfortunately  this is a par of celb 's ' wori ' so they have to take into account .
Huy, on the other hand  there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journeys following the lag the time .
This rarely cragsmen of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live looks normal  not famous people .
I know the catching celebrity doing celaning or tsking a dog for a walk is a shocking news dot people who read tbalodis .
To my mind  they do not believe celebs are six a normal people, as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts.
So  as topu can see, I agree with the statement that faces people  who are recognizable  desire to have a private life and his ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
The MxE Runner.
I recently watched this new film, based on news of the books of this worldwide known author. .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a title .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue at mystery, which made me tell his decision to watch this film. .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-year-old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a camps and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there. .
However  he soon reveals that this is not a nokal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious nokala .
The people who lives in the camp tie up different cells in order to survive and defend themselves from its menaces of the maze. .
He took the reoke of a lantern  the people responsible for exploring the maas andoo for an exit of this place .
Still  they only had the daylight time to explore the maze  as when the sun moves down, it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it  naving it, devoting moments when their characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a burst of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story, which will leave no one indifferent. .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many years  what I love about it is first of all that tall or small  anyone could play it as long as they are determined so basically is a life long sport of everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it is quick, as if you bonk or probably jissed something  each contact happens in less than a second  and still every player intercepts the location of the ball in that amount of time and then fire as fast intensity  if you haven't seen a take go until 32-30 30 30 and see the energy on your floor, or hear the noise from the crowd you are midxing out. .
Personally, winning such a set makes me feel like I would do anything , but when I do not , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump, hiyhsr , hit, hae , pass and set, get , and sergs in more didfereny ways .
I voted in Mea Eltham. .
My area is very clean, a grey green .
Pelle, there are very friendly and helpful. .
It is a good place to live. .
One time per week on Wednesday  robbery acts taken .
Of course, garbage is sorted into different binhs .
This is very good idea  because that rubbish undergirds a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage. .
Very body care about cleanlines in the front of the house and in the garden. .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and leaaant colours. .
We Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax to the busy place. .
Green time in my town is really fantastic. .
I have recently eaten at Black Be Be Be eesraurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecwtagni , a little town bear Catania located under town town volcan slopes  and I found that restaurant as easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms  smoking room or non - smoking room .
The surroundings were dustic , yet it still felt dry and cloudy  rh waiters were pretty friendly and informative .
As I was eating wig, my friend Morsmo and his friend  I managed to simple a good range of items on the menu, and I really liked Cajianina beef , it was very yasty. .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of her highest quality. .
The price was not reasonable at a 50, because the meal came to about forty euros per person  so this restaurant it is a little expensive. .
But I would rightly recommend this restaurant, despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners. .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy. .
They have been present in our societies since 1975.
Cannabis , heroon , Spees are some examples of substances that are really well - known for sake of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the excousiom .
Margination is a link with the legality of this activity. .
Also, this illegality is the gift for the attraction of the drug because the majority of people that having drugs, because they are young, of its prohibition, is very stimulating. .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes in an addiction that can destroy our lives. .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal druy to have fun , enjoy friends or just to love them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things. .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear data it is one something exceptional and not our daily life, because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves. .
Finally  legalization of drugs means that they could be available when we in power, the taxes we in our country so I do not know if it is a god idea or no. .
Hi Suroo .
That sounds breath . I am so happy to hear that you're coming to Saudi Arabia  I am on a plane to see you after a long time. .
Bur unulkily  I am giving an exam on Thursday, so I can't meet you, but you can take me from the school at 1.30pm and we can go to have lunch .
My school is really fast to find  go straight ahead onto Aljawah street, then turn rough before the fault of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge, you'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you ! .
Byr for now. .
Hof.
Dear es .
Firstly  Spain is a great place for holidaus in summer .
In that time  it is always sunny and  depending on the region  it could begin .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Bracelona, where it will be able to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada  which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid, you can go to visit some museums  like the Reina Estía or El Prado .
On the other hand  if you want to be sold worldwide  you must visit Cabarceno's National Park in Cantabris , where is like a kittler sfari , or Doñamq National Program , which in that period you can see small migratory birds .
If I were young and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place  and I bought a car in order to move between tired cigarettes .
I recommend you for to take warm clothes. .
I hope you enjoy your scheme. .
Wdrize, p.
Baret Simoson is my favourite fictional character on TV. .
He is the least son of the Simpson family. .
But is ten years old and is a typical American child. .
He has yellow skin on his eyes  he is black in jaw, gotspiky hair .
Bwet always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts. .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in high school  for this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often obubish him. .
Bert is egotistical and competent student, but he is also a bar detective, and he hates nerds. .
Altohuvh, he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of good because he helps his distance when she needs n. .
In the Wimpson family, all the characters ate vee cunny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsoms is the best canon wars in history, and I absolutely agree .
For me  Bart is funnier than Homer , although kodt magazines say that Homer is the best character.
It was one very rainy Sunday morning. .
I was not in the mood to go out anyway. .
Everything suggested that I would not get out of the house for quite a while. .
Suddenly  there had a heat knock on her door .
What on Erath would that be? .
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit using those cloudy, awful weather? .
My concerns were answered swiftly  for the man on my threshold yelled, 'Hey, I'm a letter from Mr. Szmspn !
So I was quite surprised  to be honest  I had not received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly canceled the text. .
At first  I had observed the letter violently  but then I noticed my uncle' s name in it .
Although  I did not make him a single title , thus letter was his law, still, and I learned that I inherited a bird self of mine .
Very thousand moons  to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly  but I soon began to worry about what will I do with that amount of money? .
Well  the task I have chosen is about the tom where I have been staying from late ten years .
Actually  this flow is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day. .
First of all, they are very dirty by nature. .
They are very careful with the environment and its importance of cleanliness. .
So all three people of age of nature are active, an talkative and goswie of others in doing anything for the benefit of their own town. .
So the household neighbour, her public road, throws the dirty things easily and even do not bother about the order of the munidipaliry .
I see all the ring ring my morning slak .
What I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounding them. .
I am upset at it and wondered I get a chance. I speak with my fellow people and thank them for their expressions of either group or individual support. They are also the same in nature. .
People are ho elf - centred and very narrow minded. .
Though they were becoming so callee educated, but in every sense they are still savage .
edat, Mrs. Wolsby, 2006.
Yesterday I was in Green Oepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues, and I have seen the advertisement for a job at Wekeen's in our cafe. .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it. .
I am a Touirism student and I need to work at weekends to pay my duties. .
I have worked one year in London as waire in Hard Rock City and 6 months as aaitre aldo in Narcomi 's age in Berlin. .
So I have experience in service  costumer care and working all hours. .
I know how to prepare different kinds of flpd, like sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburger , Italian pasta , etc.
I am so very good at dealing with people  I have never had a complaint, she said.
I have global availability at weekends and also in summer 2020.
I speak Spanish  English and German .
Please  found attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position. .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you. .
Ghani, you offer your wisdom and consideration .
Yours Sincerely. .
María Luisa Castaneda del Qcuna.
Nowadays, , punci transport has become a major topic. .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries  thus this idea is rejected in developing countries  like one time I live in .
As a matter of fact  cost ownership have increased over the last decades, reducing the anoint of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cases is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or driver wise , the issue of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless  you have answered said to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or kabube they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government. .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the b vee rather than paying for a full tank .
Similarly  people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude  the future of public transport will depend on how large size people move it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it  and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it. .
People need easy , cheap and cheap solutions. .
In general  using a fr is earr, then taking a frai or a bus .
It 's big heart your house or your office.' .
I do not have to go to a station by walking  carrying weights  or suffering because of gue rwn or the snoe .
But if you are sleepy  tired  bored  , or simply you do not like to drive  you can find a passenger to take a public transport .
And all more enjoyable  you can relax latening to the music and loojung around  or reading newspapers and books .
Is the af disaster the pybli transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at one time kevl .
Sometimes cars are faster, then buses  sometimes buses are faster  .
Speed trains were always faster then care. .
Speaking about money  travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider at the expenses ( buying food card , paying the insurance , etc. . ) , , , may you be not so cheap .
In that  in every aspect, there were pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of fuels in the cities? .
Public transport is absolutely better. .
So  even if travelling by air can be more convenient at a personbao lrcel , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and surely sipportec by governments .
Informamo letrer for CQR ( LAR 1 ).
For Jan.  .
Thank you for your letter. .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer. .
From my experience working at the international company that organises muxi festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you. .
I am not sure  however  that this job will meet all the requirements . .
In my case  the only opportunity I gave for such activity was on the 22nd of July  we they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily, you will vet the child to practise your English skills .
In my case  I had to translate a good amount of texts  and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience, you will probably be disappointed. .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take home calls and make coffee for tourists. .
All in all  the experienced was beneticially .
I made plenty of money  so I would not worry about getting enough food a nice holiday if I were you. .
When you conclude what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself. .
Davihs
The last few weeks have been really tough off Michael. .
This whole business started to get on his nerves. .
He has to deal with it  the sloner, the better .
For now, one thing is dear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angwina .
The one he dates is Angelina , of Malika , that is the problem. .
He can'timp, Angy just like that , they've been friends for years. .
She 's just bad. .
And he has to put stip to this without putting naybodt .
So, next , the decision is made .
He will break up with her .
Probably  even tomorrow  .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of the room was opened , he came out of his bath room with just a towel around his waist, and Angelun happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or marbles or something to lift up a cigarette .
Mim can't really say why they ended up having sees - perhaos , at the time he was pissed at himself for bit having calls to be two girls he loved because of all these religious issues  Mojika 's family and so on  why this is what happened .
And that definitely was not her right thing to do. .
At the moment, he did not realise that. .
Ohly atfet , when Anveliba left  Michael closed the door, and there he knew he had made a rude mistake .
Eea Zir or Madam .
I am writing to appeal for the lost of a summer camp coccello currently advertised on your website. .
At this moment, I have passed the second year of secondary school, as I am awaiting for the beginning of my final year. .
I hopes I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future. .
I speak English , German and Polish, and as a citizen it is very hard .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scour damp .
However  I did to work as a volunteer, then still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework. .
I am hardworking  reliable near zero - organisation and I can take control of difficult situations  I am tempted when it comes to entrenching people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifetyard .
I attach a regerenfe of Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp. .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my usefulness for this post in an interview. .
I look forward to heading from pu. .
Yord faithfully  .

Well  I would like to talk about my school led .
I am seventeen years old, and I am an electonics ' student from Italy  in the north .
I wish to be a treat enginder on day so I have decided to continue my studies at university. .
I am fodo at school , my marlx coil, love it, but I have worked hard since the beginning of my school year. .
These days I started studying English in particular because it is the most impirrant language in the whole , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with either people from other countries. .
Schoop is my loof , I actually about seven hours a chair , especially kathd and electronics that are the subjects that I like more. .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day. .
It is problem in my flats as the majority of my classmates, plus they are unpopular at school and they waste time in notrying at school, and I think me at home. .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time, rim me and the other golf students. .
However  I do not hate them at all, but they are fresh, funny and people when they want. .
Coming back to my dream  I would look to carry on with my studios in London  at the Imperial College .
I hope to be at a broad English level because next year I am going to take two intermediate degrees of English, and then I is going to try and end at this school, even if I know that it is very differently. The Imperial College of London is one of the most important universities in the world. .
Puerquitour,our du A great experience to you, moit. .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do  because the calorie  few kilps they are going to gain the old that stood .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school  Ccente .
We discovered our fascination with food, and ' This Puerquitour ' was blr .
Then a brainstorm about melaz and places to visit began .
The first day started in an important date, Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we chose, and we all enjoyed alambre al piro and grilled onions , accompanied by cold bers .
Dued to Puerquitour is something to share  be we second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we ate tobacco , but this time, that went sledial .
The names of the place is Tavos La Chule and racps were gourmet there .
It means that they have different taste of tortillas -vanillos , strawberry , chupole , nlal , and ealnut , among other - and szalsas -tamarind , guawv , mango , guacamole , etc. .
That day, I did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in the Independence Angel. We went to movie theatre to watch the art, movie reviews, and we dide crepes. .
Third day and one of my favourite  the place is soooloo ncw and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes my model onto the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Copdesa , offered bread potatoes with name of family's wisdom and lovingly drinks .
Trapoly recommended !
Mar Azul Resturant  in the north of Mexico city  was the location for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Srafopd is delicious there  my recommendations are breasted shimp , cish fullety and shriml Al Pastor, an cocvonuf water .
Fifth fy  it was time to hear more that , the play  El Asadero Hisalguense .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself  it is just too much for the person  so if you did not take breakfast, it is a food option, or you can share it with an amazing company as I did. .
Do not forget to ask for a litter of beer .
Almost a week in the Puwrquitour .
The sixth key ass to celebrate Magda 's final test  a friend from high school , which already presented it to test the master Dergee, Nad the farswell of Vicente , who is already at the USA  and that I will go to this UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pjg .
You can't go thr nc, do n't eat memelas , that is, like hamburger, jt,igger, and very delicious .
The dessert .
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in his ISQ , we spent all day together. .
Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast  gourmet sandwiches and rare petal tea .
Then we went to a book file and visited some bookstores downtown. .
The plan was to dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it  no fair day it was closed  so we decided to eat at El Huequito, the traditional Al apsto social accompanied by black bder .
The last day of be Puerquitoy, sax accomplished with my favourite dessert  a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love. .
Do not forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters, extdaced from Great expectations by Charles Dixkes, introduce a young bg known as Piup .
This dog has been raised by his sister  a lersoj who mistreats Pip as his on his band. .
Sadly  Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover  he is, must a regular kid, with a terrible life .
Besides this  Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words, which he talk , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also  his kifte would be left to creafs, a mark comedy hased on thus undesirable lire of a kic sojo only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents. .
Obviously  nobodyouls like to give bisz life , but I think everyone would tend to keep safnez's design, this chapter, an  cibally , kiks hom .
At last  I feel sorry for him and I would like to find out his story has a good ending. .
He looks like a good dog that lived in hell and the Devil is his sister. .
Nevertheless  the narrator is the truly protagonist, and his way to tell the action is the reason why the story can connect into the reader .
Actually  the narrator is our protagonist , but reliving the story as an adult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist withordx , but with actions .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name. .
Also  the narrator mainly uses dirding speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions, referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter  where the narrator asks the chief wrung that he said that he would get his rhd fupe , and that he could feed him that broken bit of food he could  and he would come to the thief at their battery .
Apart from this , he just sorts exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person, and uses a subjective point of view. .
He only knows what he seed and he thinks about it  but he does not have any omniscient power .
However, , ui power could be anaouncing and describing the situation with a rich vowbulary awwns in a reflexive way to .
Also  he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout  dark kan , south curly black hair just looking at their tombsoen .
Gjese twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by ebewen omee tiwstd reflections like at ht bd of rhed first chapters , when he describes the man who stole huk as he afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he was making himself .
Besides this  the characters of the novel seem to be unapoy , living a za xd boiring life that push them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychoanalyically the other character  he focuses on their appearance .
Atually  we only know that Mrs. Jod tried to make her husband and her brother euffe, and she is worried more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lived in her house .
The nardagor describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation, being aggressive with huid little brother .
And we know that Jld is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a child , good - nature , sweet - temperor , eaa - going one foolish , by that is all we know about them .
Also  the way the character's talk is opposed to his way to narrative writes .
In fact  the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two, then two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve big sentences with complex structures .
The kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with what's an simple sentence .
For instance  here is an extra text of the narrative at the beginning of the second chapter .
So my sister  Mrs. Nor Garyery , was her fan twenty years old at I  and had established a grand reputation with herself and her neighbours because she had nrught me up by hand. .
Having at the time to find out for yourself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and uneven hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her hyeband, as well as upon me  I supposed that Joe Gaegery and I were both brought up by her .
On the other hand, , the rialogues ate simple and shorter.
' Now, look here , 'cause he said , 'our question being whether you're to be let to live' . You know?
What a file is ?Quote?
Code Yrs , dir . n.g. .
So, and you know, what we titled is ? 'Quote'.
Say Yes , skr  nh.
Moreover  the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Okp uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that is usually inspired by concrete things .
The fish pointed on fresh fish chapter is glode example .
Regardles  our dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
This chief said, 'Who d'ye wifb ?Quote.
This is worse, as it is said , making it more realistic. .
Newstanding  how way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a tealistic story - line with flashback .
The story is narrated as it happens. .
The second chapter makes reference to the fire and reveals something about the thief .
Also  the slow rhuthk is acute .
The narrator reveals nothing so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential thing we should know through the text .
The title disappears  by the dist chapter ending, Note us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore  I do not know how the story is ended .
Tio, such mystery and just a few facts can be tied in these chapters .
All I know is why this story will not have a happy ending. .
Probable  The thief will fakes it to an unwanted adventure that will keep him beowing up faster .
I would like to feed a story where Pip ends as he starts  at the graveyards .
Like another brick in the walk  anofhet timestone in her gravard .
I would prefer to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live. .
Obviously  this would be difficult as the narrator voice clear comes from a person who lives wild he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid. .
Consequently  reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is already , what this author is trying to transmit .
If the story is a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities  if not  it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special way for her. .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come. .
It was the date when she was looking to keep his biological mother. .
She knew she was sickened since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it. .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she dies loved by them. .
After her 18th birthday  Annma felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her biological mother and they did the thing Sjna away. .
After finding the adoption papers, she contacted her adoption agency .
He convinced her lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of her little sister, who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a midney transplant. .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the sale and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding  her biological mother .
A mother passed by before she had the courage to die that number. .
Whr hesitated several times because he was afraid of he methed 's rejection .
After a cee donds , a common pick up, the gone .
At this beginning, Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any words .
But then she said, 'heolo , my name is unknown, and I think hpu are my mother. .
After another few seconds of silence  Anna heard Je mothee ryimg and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet to stay dead in the park. .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions. .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her price, and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day. .
The most exciting cause of my life. .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardinia  in Italy  with my family .
On the fitsr da, I was very angry because my parents didn't take with us Ilaria , my big friend .
Bur I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Frelix Xandman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Zaredegna near my hotel. .
I love him as my dream was to get him  but I know it is impossible to my parents do not want to drive me to his hotel  so I said, Suie said. .
Unexpectedly  my third day  while I was swimming in the sea  I saw some lepole in the distance of some caners , huy at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Then  I deal with the boy at the centre was not a simple voy , he was Felix .
So I went toward the crowd, and when he saw me, he smiled .
I was really edicting! .
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me. .
He stayed here a few hours and I spent the rest day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When he left, I was also really happy. .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life. .
L'Albero  the Vest Pizza West of Italy.
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelib neighbourhood. .
As you entered the restaurant to know, the piszaa is going to be good .
The wild are covered with yrophiee and photographs for four world's best pizza .
The scene is family friendly  a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on from msnu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
So far, I have never been disappointed. .
To start  you must try the Dose Wind salad , it is a fresh  flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza cust .
As a major dish , you can't go wrong ordering none of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza over .
Besides the great atmosphere and the deluciius' wat , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful in explaining the menu to customers. .
All told prices were incredibly cheap , it 's averaged 12 euros per person for two different dishes  drinks and dessert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to Angobe qyo is passionate but great food for an even better value. .
I promise you we won't be disappointed. .
The best place for young people in Dublin.
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country. .
It is based on a shortage of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area. .
It says that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to fix it for young people would be Temple Gar .
It offers a wide variety of activities, like museums , a cinerma , a very large green garden, and many pubs to choose for .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended  it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in the place. .
The Oceon cinema offers a multipole choice of movies in 2D and 3D, and a discount of students on Wednesdays. .
The Dublin Jazz Museum was suggested by many students. .
Several people said that National Bogaznic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors. .
On one whole, there were activities to take part in and many places to visit, repending on students' preferences and finances available to them. .
It is true that people everywhere do watching sport. .
Sports satartz being acquired by you out and in imprint a Joel of grief on the young 's minds. .
In this essay, both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view  group athletes use good models to emulate off several reasons .
Firstly  watching the cned cultures of such athletes  teenagers tend to devote to be like their idols and to folk's professional interests .
This means there will be to play sports , which is essential for their health. .
Secondly  doing sports also teaches precisely life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something was also demonstrated by professional sportsmen. .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective  sometimes professional athletes were not too good role models .
Firstly, a sprot has become business .
Many airports store as little concerned about money used for .
This may lead youngsters to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play wek and having the fh of the games or the competition. .
Secondly  there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
For example  some take drugs or heat in order to begin at amy cos .
It goes without saying  that this kind of behavior ends a wrong measure to the young .
In conclusion  there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance  I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent top models for the youth , as likely as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Brintr zister used the same style to realistic style. .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which ybey likens Dickens to the city of Lobdon, while the Bronte writes the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Didken and Charlofte Brongd often sees the first poem narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their reakism is different, i.e. in fact, Dickson 's style is that of sentimbal reaksism in which he nixe oaths and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatires of the voices and virtues he wish to portray  while the Bromette sisters use realistic style, laced with Romantic and Gothic elements  like byroic male heroes and female protagonists, to be psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004. .
Of the given sources  the overall fish are meat consumption ranked to nearly 60 grams or perdom, left a week to roughly 230 grams per person per week. .
For the 4,000 source meat , 3,000 of them remained a steady decline, with the exception of chicken consumption, which had risen over the 25 year period. .
Long fish consumption showed little change during the period  beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams pdt per annum per ewel .
Boith lamb consumption and the category labelled bref had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004  although maintained a decrease overall  with lamb consumption falling upon a pandemic of 15 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per capita per week, in 200,000 and even consumption falling from around 230,000 gram per person. We're down to not over 120% of people per week. .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption, which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption, 250 pes person per year. .
Overall  it is evident from data that some sectors declined  others rose, and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Rar, Mr. Mr. Merrifield, please.
My home is Emitry Lavrov .
I am a post in Fusskan Cancer Research Center. .
Our paper will, along with Alexis Hrovieux, on his study of art. .
Decently, he has visited Losco and while we have been facing conversation, I have mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on my own position abroad. .
And said my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology, Alex told me to stay and contact you. .
Your conversation with Alexis and you know public websites - will support the suggestion that working in your lab actually will provide viable opportunities to matter methodological and research skills. .
Not to mention the participation in pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in acting cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earliee, I had a publication in PlkS One with desecration of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of axherenic junctions associated with different types of acting bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thereafter, I studied accumulation of various toxin - binding organisms and act on proteins within adherdence nucleus in normal and transformed cells .
On the course of this investigation, I have obtained some promising results which I am going to report on for FEBS - EBO conference, which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September 2007.
As I am preparing materials for the next publication. .
Yes, respectfully. .
Dmitry Lavrov.
P. 172. There are my CV of a copy of my paper in tow attachment. .
Dmitry also.
P. 172. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in this art museum. .
I am writing about an important historical place, which is my favourite line  I am referring to Kugo city .
I visited to last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the 2nd city , through its beautiful squares and oarks, and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugk worth visiting .
For example  you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage site in 2000, because it is the only Roman wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful. .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and delicious dishes , for example  octopus .
In Luygl  many traditional niceties and festivals take place .
Among the most important I can mention San Frilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October, Lugo holds it awn Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Tohrisy Interesy .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician cosyumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June 2020.
Duting this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again  so you can see Roman cirdus , Velotic wings , artisan markets , many music events taking place and low people, and visitors get into period costumes  such as gladityors am Roman emperors .
I recommended you visit Lugo in Jund ecwuse Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy tradition, Roman customs, and Roman price in order, Lucs .
Lugo is and uncredible city, and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the History of Soaim , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city  bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban population in the country  producing largely large amounts of waste .
City CQ has no specific waste disposal plan  but a federal or estagoishes a due term until 1st July 2020.
Despite it  there are a two plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council' s goals. .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council' s eco -friendly proposals. .
In accord with the aforementioned  the amount of garbage produced during the year 2007 and 2010, more than half , 86% of it discarded inadequately. .
This is due to the low effect of the 'recycling storms' in Pormdam over the disposal room .
It is incinerates hospital residue  in accordance with legal requirements  and send 7% of the garage product to recycling factors .
GDP recycling factorise have a joint venture with the municipality to export waste , and show a result 20% better the last year. .
This program represents 2% of the employer in the city  but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects such as the 'Keep it clean' , ' keep it healthy' , , while 'vega' is to promote litter disposal in the popular areas .
Another important one is the fact it 's make it grown up  responsible for increasing the fren areas within the city in 150% during the last two years  considering of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A layer, circular activity at the 'Shelter Green Communities' site  currently frrying 38% of its total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish. .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of office, according to the USEF report of 2012, and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of these future. .
Most of the 'Recycling Worlds' problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities. .
It is a good way to take a year off between leaving school and starting university  because you can have lots of new experiences. .
For example  hpu can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work  you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover  sometimes people are ordered when they finish school because of the exams, so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia  Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel  so you can forst work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a hall .
However  some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do not , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea, also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study. .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly. .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future, everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We will be surrounded by machines and robots. .
We will have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live. .
And what about houses ?
Will people' s homes be different or still the same? .
Imagining the future  I see everything different .
The zvang - far more and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
The house will have a field example  the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be sold kind of a modern art, and it will be yard to describe a shape. .
A lot about interiors. .
In of service, there will be most machines and robots with an artificial intelligence. .
This will oractically do everything, like clean , , cook , remind us why we have to do an alcohol sleak with us like an average human .
In practice, there will be no local furniture  just machines waiting for a camera .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable. .
That is how I sees a home of the future. .
Glad to hear that you have been invited to attend the late round of interview next month. .
I deeply hope to work with you someday. .
To make sure you get the situation successful , he added, have some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview  leaving interviewers a good impression  is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it. .
First , dressing as properly as possible .
Businesslike sites at ties fit in well with the formal Occasio .
Suitable sressing comes across as effective as reliable .
Secn  being punctual .
Interviewers have to cope with tough schedule everyday so they are not rolling to spare some more minute to wait for a candidate will 's pat somehow' .
Hurd  being prepared .
As the old saying goes  well prepared is half done .
You are expected to know something about our company  ask proper questions, not communicate effectively with investors .
If you can learn as much knowledge about loud company as you can up front , you shall stand a chance in a interview. .
Since you have applied for the sales assistant in the sales department  they shall manage to be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant  but he was tied up at dealing with numbers all day long. .
Plus  he 's willingness to communicate with others and take on jews challenges, so he transferred to the sales department for years ago. .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth bold ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department. .
In his poems , what counts most is the trai record and the capabiliries drawn in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and what you kept about your kast ji .
I hope that what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking corware to hearing from you soon. .
Lots of cheese. .
Iris
Fear id or Mac.
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at similar calloo over the UZ. .
Side my mother, thehe is English , a bit of a British variety , and I am generally deemed 'cheerful' , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally  as a teenager , I supervised a split six pack of eight to twelve - grade - olds  and often organised sports and diving activities for this , such as treasure clubs and helicopter chases .
Moreover  when an undergraduate  I sent my summers working in the xollefe canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points  I think I am a suitable pero for the mob .
Yours gratefully.
I found it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance. .
Ter  oftentimes  being very respectful  may bring again this, and although he was defined as respect of all the people he have worked with  some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence  rather than end up attempting to cover everyone' s back and taking ownership for other people' s mistakes. .
If I had my own language school, I would first bear in mind a main vial by raising public awareness of my language so that, as two services, it will provide .
Yuen I wouldarr gathwrinjg dome information about the market , that is to say  social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as qekl .
By doing so  I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance, but also to identify customers' 'ness .
After yhay  I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
For instance  if my goal was to increase group people' s awareness , so as strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language, schook on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts from subblings .
Instead  if my goal was to increase adult' s age , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
However  if the target markets were both  young people as adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional  experienced and qualified teachers, and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide. .
Except, but not least  I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing tool succeeded. .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can dominate your language courses, for example? .
I challenge you to think about it and try it. .
According to recent research  there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs  natural gas pipelines  an underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of nasturap gas infrastructure earn from a fee to several percent more than those who live, in other regions, were such an infrastructureors, notxit .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs, which is profitable for people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration of extraction of hale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry, for instance in exploration  mining  production and distribution of shale gas .
We can, in fact, ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with third infrastructure will also generate vacancyons .
Even if companies will hire engineers as specialists, slowly drop abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job losses in gastronomy as hospitality one as they need to eat and shelter somewhere .
According to two dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure  there will be constant development in bastronomy and hospitality sectors as ael .
The Kosciuszk Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas.
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually. .
When planning their vacation, a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hards as there are so many choices. .
There are some travel destinations they definitely said out  such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches  crystal forear waters and fish friendly local are not too only thin that set it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also has a volcano, which is a spectacular sight  even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another local who visiting in Greece is Thomas. .
I believe it or it  Atyenz is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon  the Acropolis, Murum and the district of Monastiraki are using a few of the things that people love about Athens. .
Last but not least  Greece is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Prior than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece  people can visit the water ports at theew , which are extremely fun. .
Sunning up  Grdrece is a beautiful country worth visiting  although doing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it is better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience  I believe that it is much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It is quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam. .
For example  and year ago  I had my final surgery drama .
I had set up a plan to study la tsa book we had to go through first, thecam ppu, reviewing them twice. .
The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for only 3 months. .
Fie is hard work and perfect fiscopline . I was able to get a very high score in my surgery finals. .
If I had not had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect sore .
Another point to add is hot being stressed before the exam night. .
It is quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed or nervous when exad are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your team. .
For example  I once had a chemistry academia in city school, and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my homework .
Two days before my exam  I realized that I ran out of time. .
I had inside the ninth of my essay , it was not enough that I was not well prepared, but also my nerves had torn out, or they affected my sdlres tremendously. .
Ver zine I do everything in its due time in order to be overly stressed and get low scores. .
Morteofer  if I'm at yet another high scores  I am sure that memorizing the details is important .
If you do not start dwelling before exercise, with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help to sort the details and understand the concept of beginning every single sound .
That will help you a lot even if you do not get the chance to review everything before your exam. .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam, I could only go through the mainule of each branch without checking through the details. .
In the exam  I had that question, where it requires describing a concept of amazignoy , I was able to do it perfectly. .
Since I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times  I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much effort. .
So , for sure, having enough wine to memorize a practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In zu , I believe the setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only one day to get prepared . If you want to get high scores, you must start studying from day one if possible. .
Do not you think you're worth getting the highest score nod you'd aim at? .
In my opinion  nuclear energy has its best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firfly , nuclear energy is not bad for the environment. .
The Cargon dioxide emissions is very small. .
My biggest threat is the explosion .
However  its technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly  nuclear power plants are already dry, popular, and the prices of energy is as closest to replace fossil fuels .
Enregy, which we've full of sun and wind, is still are only a few percent of world energy production. .
Thirdly, I know the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive. .
When we has a plant , making energy feasible, that is very cheap. .
The most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to have qualified personnel. .
Besides  we find something that won’t work at the time .
It can't stop making energy when her weather is bad  because people need a lot of electricity. .
If we run out of power, entire cities could plunge the chaos  and this is unacceptable. .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital, and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean. .
Lkijma was counded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535, as in Ciudad de los Tyesen ).
Lima as a multicultural tradition  then in it coincide a complex mix of social and ethnic groups, like mestizos , European Prruviahs, which step the second largest group and the minority in Likax includes Aymara na Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization  immigratejo , one inigenuos influences such as tus ztzy of one - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , colled in Huacas, Inc. .
The Historic Centre of Loa had declared Wood Heritate Site in 1898.
It is a fit that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like Bakconkes  chirches of Eaxn Francisco Church, which has mysterious subterranean catacombs, or el Real Feloile, which is the least incredible Spzniq fortress, just through their cistume as well as Carnival.  This week I’d say we are in a full-on grass-fever market.
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where he can find a diversity of historical  women and gusinesx places .
Arjaeological sites  beads , valleys , natural resources, and yet exquisite cuisin, given Oeeu 's captal, an authentic personality, and signing in Kima is a unique and fantastic experience. .
Decinitely  Lma is a spectacular act, ranging it to spend her perfect holiday .
Hi Jame .
All time go, asks me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I have done some research to fine out the vast savings account for you .
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might give quite a book over for you .
Firstly  the rate of interest is by 3.5% , which is quite good .
Additionally  if you open a saving adoubt in that bank , you will find a diary as a gift .
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately  the bank does not have branches in Virginia .
And all banking operations kept be done by phone. .
The second bank , Roap Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650,000 ) , so they can take all bank operations on spot. .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12,000 per year ). .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of purchases ( do you really use it ? ). .
All in all  I would recommend you to lend your first ssring account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher  you do not need to pay by annual charges .
And doing operations by phone are actually very easy, as they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final section is yours .
Take care and see our vet soon. .
Hours Agjieszka.
To date, GKL6, www.yahoo.com.
Foto info on Facebook,yahoo.com.
Subject ? An important thing to do! .
My dear Plauk, .
I am writing to to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be a keen person to deal with the sound recording at Gaga 's concert. .
It might have been my friend , Mariu Boho , who recommended me for this service. .
I could not believe my barx when the phone rang, and I answered if they sounded, they wanted me to very at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I is in sound recording. .
What may I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great  important lesson in my own music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service. .
I can hardly wait for Tom to see who had to share with my happiness and to get you all the details of this unique experience ! ! ! .
Yousx  .
I thought.
I have been skiing for most of life, and I am very enthusiastic about it. .
I started when I was said with equipment that was very basic compared to what ekjers use these days. .
Every day as soon as I woke up, I looked forward to my morning on the slope. .
My parents would take me to a forest slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own. .
Gye temperature was often several degrees below zero  nr yoj would freeze if yi ide didn't keep moving up and down the slope .
My growth showed a natural talent for the sphere  but I feel suite uncomfortable when shared .
Little by little, I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself. .
Nowadays, I have a lot of fun skiing because it gave me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment. .
Smiling is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , twitching a few lessoms with an experienced instructor and using the tight equipment .
After two years of fruitful, huge school subtexts and past experiences  I have no doubt that the preferences I have selected shows are hot, accidental. .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in her business field. .
The objectives I have pursued at my high school level, such as financial accounting  commerce and economic, has given me this opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding, his competences and has Given me a solid academic foundation. .
I have also participated in various group works and chess projects while in high school. .
I am planning to gain a mission until the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor' s degree. .
I would love to associate it extremely talented students  teachers of even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I have selected above. .
Academiclaky  I have always been a very determined name, suspicious individual, and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hadwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - circular activities. .
I saw the president of the Husinus Students Association ( BSA ) , Gea ly ( enioe prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a misfield role. .
Undertaking a scholarship of dimension into one of the universities I have studied above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high schools. .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship  I decided to take some research on the Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social change and transformation  making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in 2020.
Czech universities produce high standards of education  internationally recognized degrees  modern campuses in outstanding facilities  safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have for opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the fastest and most stable countries in Europe. .
Before lock , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future. .
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance. .
Zlsp  education in Nigeria is not a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently  and learning in double part of Nigeria are not safe.
Right now  I am greatly looking forward to the challenge of a universe, life academically  socially, and mentally  and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - circular activities as community service  would make me a competent addition to the rank of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team. .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university  as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy farming environment for all .
In conclusion  I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time contributing greatly to my professorial university in more ways than one. .
A dog is my 's best friend.
It is a well-known fact that people need to have communication with other people. .
However  you are not always satisfied or taken into the social .
They sew solscs in someone who they would reel and comfortable with. .
The best example is an animal with great quality  a egg .
Doh 's personality is of the best qualities .
Always friedly  hubbly and in a yood meal  they are great to spend time with. .
They feel seen, the of master is sad and react by cuddling up to them. .
It makes people forget how about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter. .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people' s face. .
And that is what they are there of  to make people really .
These half four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch out their human family. .
So if they see that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thin thing that might have caused it. .
The stromger, the bon getwden ghew fgo and their owner  the stronger the kg 's reaction will be .
It is believed that does require a good of attention , which is jog true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of  bathing and groling, do not need to be down every day  they but need to been fed and walked regularly .
These pegs need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners, who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity. .
So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier diet .
In conclusion, , do we really get pets? .
Not only do you correct you from anything that could do you ah hak , but there's amazing personality and the love that shows to it makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the outside. .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would fib time to pay little of attention to them  because  they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It is great to hear from him in ! I will give you some details about my experience at ' Zoe Kz adventfire ' , one of the most all - known centres in our country. .
First of all  we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of clinching up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles. .
Although it made me cedel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily  I was fit enough to fiknis the recipe without having any problem  however  you may need to claim a little big more before embarking on this activity .
Rock climbing is another of the challenges I had to face. .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit. .
You can't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain  after such a big effort!
Furthermore  you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly  due to the constant support of your teachers. .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was dancing .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do not want to miss out this great opportunity, go  trust your trainer , suncs, they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there, and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safety rules , so you will only a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all three reasons  this centre is really worth a visit.
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else. .
With best wishes, please.
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the deck of my room. .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right  it was drool Paris .
My mother had written me after months. .
Since dad went to Patis last year, I had been living in a school residence , which was not cheerful at all  that made me feel really depressed. .
Big I have her letter at Laf  so I started to red it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holiday, I had to be myself a plane ticket to Poarsi and go to visit her or at least two months because we saw missing me a lot. .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had not forgotten me. .
I have never travelled to Europe yet, so I was really nervous too  but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of now .
Dear Sir / Masal .
Applause for its loss of Chief Chinese Secretary.
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor, posted at jobsDB on 26th January 2011.
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. .
I am profultient in Chinese language ( Cantonese and Mandrni ) and have over many years' experience in publication industry. .
Currently, I am working in a press as an editor. .
I am an aggressive  creative bug, careful pedsno, who can work independently .
On the other hand  I am also a foo team player, that I work well with colleagues  presentable, with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio or your reference .
Please feel greed to contact me by phone at 1234545 or if you would like to discuss my qualifications during 2020.
I also look forward to gearing for you soon. .
You are faithful. .
Chen Ki Tysu
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labour market. .
Are parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education that to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children' s education? .
Alcohol homeschooling may see , according to some of these parents' ' opinions , as a profound root , it.
Is a path not zuitabel for everybody' s cars and that compels us to seek other routes? .
Homechooling should not be considered a world - whose phenomenon zincs only a few countries to the UK .
Canada  and, especially, the HS 2 can boast .
There are laws of countries that do not.
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far, and others where it is just an isolated happening. .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a legal vacuum in light of our constitutional right to free.
Education meanwhile, attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education. .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning. .
Homechooling may also free up used to complementary activities such as music , sports , and even one family life .
Homeschooled students 's science has been backed up by the results on standardized test plans, the recognition of rigorous universities .
Now, though  before homeschooling your kid, you also have to discover the same amount of roarblocks .
The lack of facilities or expertise  notopt enough socialization for your children  ending up being a grustrated parent wrangling enough money to make kids meet. .
As far as I am concerned, I want to think about homeschooling as a we up call for educational.
Systems .
However  homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted  new technology opens up as such.
Solution 2 and added learning is the future .
Gerography and natural environment are two building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be merely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously  the future also indicates a user with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms  such as earthquake , hurricane and flood , people should give their homes built of abundant materials. .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter. .
Environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board. .
But with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days  to to mention windows and solar panels on heat floors , which is more and more popular every these days. .
Moreover  solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas. .
Maybe it is building dastles in the air  but houseboats and apartments situated above cut streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted. .
Although people would keep ulling over how to modernize their tancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still end a warm  cosy bes abc a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change  even if they lived in a concrete ivory tower .
Coach it or lose it.
The alpnas and the okega of a good team is trust .
That is the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the ball brightly to your teammate and he has to catch it. .
Otherwise, the opponent will have the chance to get a point. .
As you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world. .
Over eighty points can be made l together in sixty minutes  if not even mode 1.
This show up rapidly, though game can change .
One lost ball can make your tean gje lise of the gams .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old. .
At first  it was only a boy , but with the years it became passoon .
What I feel most about this sport is  the speed and the unconditional fear spirit .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team, are do not forget the fun !
Triathlon  A fakou's sport through the world.
It seems as if  recently  society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a profit .
Clearly  this is a consequence of the extra hours we engage to work per fau and as a way of relaxing  we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the shares of our bodies .
In fact  we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after. .
Despite these two being the next pollar ports amongst atlets , many nodes are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport. .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports  swimming , cycling, , and, as a result, it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is having a good body to practise it anywhere  which means I can do it bear home instead of having to go to a sports centre .
It also means I can choose this location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent in it. .
Triatulo jae became more popular over the past few years, and more and more people are eager to try it. .
Therefore  it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time, and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep domesticated .
You must not push yourself too far. .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study. .
However, there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not. .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year of 2007.
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to lay for college  so it's a gap year to earn money to help with one bills it is time we spend. .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off. .
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries in sleed xlo l t them at parties , but this is not true  you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteered work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand  many teens who take a year off ended up to spend it in the wrong way .
For example  things might've gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons, such as not having ended money or not getting a job .
In conclusion  people should take a year off , but only when they have all placed and move for shore, that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Yelklo  my name is Lidia , I am 27 year old, and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization. .
I am currently studying in my tourth and final year of a debates in tourism at the University of the Social Heritage City of Cacerer , which is located in Spain .
In my third year  I did my internship as a receptionist in a former stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have dills in listening closely to customers and avoid understanding of front desk operations. .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company. .
I am flexible  a good team player  and capable to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently, and I have a lr - intermediate level of Italian as well. .
Talking about my interests  traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy  in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchanging languages. .
You may contact me through Facebook, Instagram, or must call me on 659-879-843 or 3456.
Thanks so much for taking the time to listem !
Tom Farmer Giles of Hajir is a fantasy story written by J.R.R.,R. Tolkien, 2007.
Et in England in the first centuries of his Middle Ages  and story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Han who becomes a hero against his wishes by murdering a giany .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates Eerythint , he is sent twice against him  not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a quick treasure .
At the end of the story  Vikle's becomes an independent king .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones, so this brings me to another sense , making me forget every say 's later .
Secondly, it is very original because it is a sort of parade of traditional legends, because the hero is an ordinary perxob , fights reveal greedy and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous, as Tolkien 's ironic titled  Gasdad alsdo on the classical basis of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dera Sdr or Madam  .
I am writing this letter to a couple for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper. .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Card .
I have recently graduated from the Wocia Science University in psychology and received high degree in both my teaching and supervising courses. .
In addition, we had to have one year of campaigning in youth supervising environment in preparation for our finished assessment  so I am able to be a manner of your well skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four younger siblings. .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor. .
In the past few years, I have worked in the Scoit Organization , helping her manager to organize activities for children. .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children' s personalities. .
I have a friendly  happy personality and find that I know the challenges of working in youth environments. .
In addition  my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable axiom to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Your family.
Ounomir Swaick.
Does traveling broaden your imour ?
In my opinion  travelling does broaden your mind .
Where visit different places  you get to aer different environments  cultures  people and seven different languages .
Ravelling hell you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , or if it is just a de bnasic sentence , you can communicate with people from different regions as you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which, if her people live  to see that your wish of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that no everyone has access to maternity strings you do have, once too  and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource, and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some sort to drink, even though this is no true .
Besides , when we travel to different places, we see there are many differing cultures that differ greatly from our own cluturd , and we see how different from one wonder humane aer .
For all of these reasons, I think triagekling really broadens your mind. .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician. .
To fulfill this dream, a good decree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry. .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of connected - phase systems .
I would also like to carry to my PhJr research in the development of transition metal companies, which can be used as drugs against several human diseases  as oosmetids, materials, and as photonic and optical materials in devices .
I also found Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications. .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual ability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields. .
After my PhD  I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
There is no torture on physical transport. .
Rhd number of cars grow up rapidly  however, its public transport is still in use .
Especially in a big cities  where there are traffic jams  the public transport is becoming more and more popular again. .
In some cities, it is even forbidden to drive through the city denier without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport. .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Well, it depends ... When you travel with your own car, you are independent. .
You do not have to word about the schedule - you are a driver, so it is your decision whenever you want to go or speak elsewhere in some place. .
You can listen to your favorite music or raffle .
Goi ate the hoss .
However  as a driver, you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to zed different places  your wish car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your pace. .
But think about how oats .
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays. .
Consider, as well, how many days do you have for vacatos .
Maybe cheap krikines are better. .
Coming back to our everyday life .
Most of us were living in a big cities and faces problems with the traffic. .
What if we use one public transport to get to work ?
Welcome , then you do not have to worry about hard parking space, and you can read more books on the say to work .
Simpl  yly vn use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
Wierork, you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the recycling is important, do you think about the collection? .
Let 's reflect ije zgsin' , is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion, by yed , there is !
Is travelling by far more convenient ?
Well  it depends !
Why jung the first narration ?
The first narration can attract readers' attention at the beginning of this friction, and Majes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily. .
We can't understand what others think usually  yet in this friction , the sound invited us know what inside one madman 's mind .
Feeling that the air character is talking to us  as if we were all involved in this case  the whole thing seemed like really happened. .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror perpetrators into our hearts. .
How does he author create a word of horror to his readers? .
The author cleared the hortiable atmosphere by describing the scene  the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers can't help themselves emerging the image in their mind. .
Just like the madman 's all was happening right in front us. .
When comes to the sound , the heartbeats .
To my opinion  heartbeat is true element that push one whole story to the climax .
Every time, when the sound of heatwaves started exploding  something ensued .
In the first time  when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old jah , he was bound to kill the old man  and he dod it .
The second time when Jadjan heward the hewartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited, and immense  in the end  he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time ye heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally  I think the way the juror wanted to expresses the risordered mind of the madman is j intonation .
By whole story except the end of the friction, he crossed the crume , the man 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady  to tell the readers the process of the crue, then that he had died .
The snarl contract for the calm and yh cruelty , leaves us a glaring impression that the main character was totally innocent, was crazy. .
Shivering inside our hearts  the honor increases .
So, Joey 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals shidh are fauna there, but  Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was well  they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there  they started to lose, found trying to find different types of animal such as birds , rabbits, and deer .
Max and his friends fook a alarm under the trees when  across the river  they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass. 'That was an absolutely, exciting, awesome effort by both you guys, says McEnroe.
They ran quickly , crossed by river, and they reached the place where the animal was. It’s a deer, but my son is in a trap hunt  Jaz ’s freins shouted .
When they saw the animal , they coyle her, that it was suffering  so they decided to free the dest .
By this decision  Laqx rook courage to open the trap , but the deer did not move because its leg was unjured .
Some of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Jax cut a piece of his T - shify to cure the animal. .
Afterwards  the amima was alerted, and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished  Mz and his friends returned home, feeling happy because they had saved the Anilak 's life. 'What an amazing day to see  my grandchildren can't believe I am a chart-topper!
The question is, why it is possible to be famous without journals ?
Probably not  but they were many people in show - bsines or politida life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Geenralpy  People may be furious for top reasons, because of their job or because oftheir scandalising private life .
If you decide to become famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about yirig papzrzzi .
There is a rule , probably some of the most important in public life , that says more or less , ' It is of important, what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking at you ' .
Most of celebrities follow this rule  as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to well information about their private life. .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not the delebritt , or our friends or family .
Paparazzi are cell in contact with ralous people 's children , that may have extensive violence on their emotional development .
How about those we'll do not want to be popular because of scandals? .
In most cases, they get nut coloring their move as well as they can  leading their boring life .
And when finally, papsraziz notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Shameing , I do believe that all people are responsible enough to judge a decision , if they want to square the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand  their duty is to save the relative .
Eat food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of lunch .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider entertainment  quality of codo and price as one main factor to decide where should I go .
Last Friday, Ivesitec, a brand meat Mexican restaurant in Lisbon, called ' Las Ficheras' .
It was suggested by few friends of mine and according to us  because the old flood amc funby environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order toaving fun and eat wild Mexican food after a stressful week. .
In my opinion  the too good it was prices were not expensive considering the quantity serged and the sales serbive .
We faced continuous problems with the order, such as the risks from another that served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay, and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we ribished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ). .
For my luxj ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day, and found that tell me that she had dinner at 5.30 p.m. and Gicehrasu had beefed up in her opinion  as a Mexican  that restaurateur was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service. .
I got curios out this place and decided to go later. .
' Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia ' was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
They served us as nachps coup with tomato szucw for re while we were chopsing gh maub disbss .
After choosing  a bottle of fresh water was served  again  for tests .
We chose an assortment of meat with guacamole sauce, and it was absolutely delicious. .
After paying tud bniol , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit, confirming that great placed still exist. .
Hey, ! I survived ! ! ! :)!
Forst of all, plus THAJK, YO FKF, YPIR, TIJR AND YOUR HELENA, BUT THE ARROCLE ! !
Secibid of all  HOW QE YOU ?
And why , where are you now ? ? ? :)
In my case ... I am much better now  I am settled back home in I am up and running  even though my uncured sprained ankle has the wrist .
Last week I had borrowed an ankle support and dome crutches  so ever since then it’s giony better. .
Furthermore  precisely today, I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions .
So I should be back on jumping around in no time, :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in our stomach  with for hours I said, 'n't nred ! :( .
The couple and the organization left much to be desired, but as if they were not enough , my schoalfship ( unny, though not the ones of the ( ljly ! ) top other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs !Source.
Anyway  CS and Magic moved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta with a smile and a warmed up jacket .
Once, for tyst, I went to Yank YOH once again. .
Back hims , everything started fast - I should have gotten used to by now  should not I guess - .
So I had not had time for me. .
I have been totally immerse in looking for jobs, and in the translation of the scientific author for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half with your help  so that was a bit disappointing  with to the feeling of not meeting his expectations  and for the ( I am guessing , as I do not know anything as yet ) lost money earned that it will mean .
Score worry , I 'm gonna na' ( ab)se of your native language skills once again, plus here's not meeting his expectations ' ' , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch, don't be good enough , measure up , a ghs grade, may be up to standard or the task .
There again  having a whole bunch of red yours (5 days !
Vom Sunday to Tuesday ) for loss that I said not counting on  proved itself to make wonders ! ! ! .
I decided to get a home ( I'd been the whole week at my friend’s place  as he lives in Madrid and quitepose to the worker 's house , where I bad, both going every day last week ), , and I started getting things done . Pasuwa made a trip to my ankle  which was very much needed, too  .
The two - each one - night trip with my mother and sister went life well. .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful  and haven't been because of the limitations for my nakls , we would have gone from a song hike .
Tomorro, I'll be starting my firts Englush cksas , which has taken much longer than I had planned. .
I have sent a lot of DCs  and have flown to 3 interviews so far  also for English colleges ( one company and two academies ). .
Abrupt the pictures from Amazon  clup you at a time more time ?
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( from AKL, THE THINGS ), that I need to sort out  I was ( and is ) definitely not a priority .
Do remind me again , quote , if you see that I am forgetting , okau , .
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers? .
Necxuse Chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I am pg na go nka .
Talk to you soon  Mike .
Receive a high hug from ( HWS  FINALLY ! ! ) warm enough .
Global warming ate its consequences in 2015.
Rye Gjarduan 's article, 's climate, about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming ' , published on the 9th November, 2015, describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office  2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - shaped by global warming - which will lead to unforeseen consequences on the future .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record, as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by banning fossil fuels. .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at this UN summit in Paris in three weeks. .
Then  world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coulled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher, 27, director of the City Office 's Hdlet Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate change as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists on global warming rise by 2050.
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states, and therefore these climate targets should be a low - model for other countries. .
Furthermore, a climate scientist, Ed Haekin, expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the examples of Central England , which had warmed 20% over that the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding  hewteaves , water stress, and loss of harvesters .
Faculty he correspondes , a 4C warmin would be even more damaging, according to Bdlcher. .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an air mass tre in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080  there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come tried, according to Professor Shepherd, 27, University of Leeds, 2007, as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies. .
Although the MASW study shows a different result  the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet, in terms of living conditions  environment and economy, and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
One problem lies in one outdated framework in which the IWC operates. .
Fiftieth whale nations formed her UWC after whale populations collapsed. .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve less only to the extent that they would continue to be used by human .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national blundarues .
Their qualities are extraordinary, so that no matter which country they are found in  and who experiences them  they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Youth List  properties must be of outstanding universal value and must at least one of the etymology criteria .
The Wortl's heritage list is important because it attracts tributes, and these landmarks are recognised by everyone around the world. .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they had found new animals or plants, for there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history. .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal values to humanity, and as such  have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate or enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located  but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations. .
Its protection and preservation become a concern of the international Wildlife Heritage community as a whole. .
Another advantage of a site to be inscribed on the Lust is that it, a country, signs true convention , or has sites inscribed on true World Heritage List, but the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in yard level of the protection and conservation given to heritagr properties. .
A county may also receive financial assistance and expert service from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of data sites. .
The disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they can not protect them for risks. .
Moreover, they remained in the list of life in danger without to receive assistance. .
In my opinion, the rise in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protected from UHSSCO .
It is difficult  but I rush to it is necessary, try to invent new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion. .
I lobe playing  watching and talking about it .
It is my biggest problem, and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes. .
Cricker is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of Jenner's strength to succeed as a team. .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood. .
Even when I was a boy, I started playing with boys of much higher age than me. .
It gave me a lot of confidence as a chance to improve my skills rapidly. .
I followed cricket, religious and age, watched almost every match India played. .
Szchin Tendulkar is my favored cricketer. .
I am fan of his batting. .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history. .
Apart from his cricketing skills, I loved his strength to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations. .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket, I will advise him to watch hitting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lae and Pointing .
To learn more about vowling, one should watch Akram  Ware in Mjrlo .
I will also advise reading more about crocimfo.com .
It has nine articles  reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reearing biographies of some famous crockers will also help to understand and hold insights of her games in depth. .
Cricket is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals. .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings pl across the world, and once again give its pivers a magnificent show. .
I met a friend, about one sex girl , and he asked me a question that I can't stop thinking about, 'Who is on my bucket list?' .
I can't stop thinking about it  because I realized that I had never egopped to thinking about my hair in such a deep way. .
By fh sah , do you know what a Bjckt oixt is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die. .
I think is kind of zax , that I do not know what I want to do , I do, n't know what makes me feel happy. .
About two weeks before I meet him, I watched a very beautiful movie called The fault in our stads, ' .
It’s about a teen couple who are dying because of cancer  or they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie had rouched me veryelly , it made me think about life and about the way people wished to live without appreciate the really important thing .
So, after watching this movie and my friend’s question, I can't help thinking about my lit. .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I had no idea what is this mean .
Before that, I had always thought about fetting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , hit now I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary need someone new  from another, rather different culture  to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of. .
Welk  Bext November I will travel to Europe  the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
However  now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today  because, for me, first time in my life, I am sore today I heed change something  and I think that something that is almost everything .
People lives will change in the future  and I bet it is not for the nearer 2020.
Unlike popular understandings of history ( made even presumably scientific ones , I may say ) , history is not an unstoppable arch toward mass progress  whatever that word means .
It is a crucial process. .
Rone her day in the third century AD  but just three centuries later, it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romms were not even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to know are hae technical manipulation over just a few centuries earlier. .
An ehl can safely say that three centuties from our humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and grew for granted. .
No one can assure such a thing. .
But I do not think  unless there 's another World Wide , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years. .
I think in the next 50 years, the age of technology will have its peak  and after that there will be a decline  until a new Dark Ages .
Nut lest 's pick true erotic war hypotesis for a sexod .
A wide world sar is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people's lives in this time length of 50 years from now. .
Bjr hr hr hrre 's  at this day  prospects for a Ned Wols w .
I do not think so  but on the other band what the help do I think .
The causes that will lead to a mass error war may help be in existence, Tibet noka vor lk, I mnop , and no noe , or only a few very wise or intelligent people know about it. .
One day in the future, another Franz Ferdinand could be killed  and that symbolic event could serve again as an escape to some countries declare war to another , but the true underlying causes they actually led the countries to the war against death of the world have its root in much older times. .
As the cause of the Second World War had its dlots on evidence, they were the outcome of the First War , a First  hypoghetical war , could place its roots on a past conflict that may well have happened already. .
By no other 's no digress into that , that is all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to derive a composition .
To date, Zal.
Fontex Sikonetts.
Date Location 05-303030-14.
Subject Date Nolidaya are coming !
Hi Seaj .
It has been a long time since we were in Finland and Japan. I am very pleased that we were on holiday and we can plan something together. .
My family and I are going to speed some words at the same place we went to last year  at the Sunshine Holiday Canp .
Do you remember it ?
I have already mentioned to you how much fun I hear there and why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me  is it possible? .
Cul yoi sum your parents' ' permission' .
In this camp, parents are camp abd do not worry about their children because they are in the face of a large number of assistants, and the camp is situated on an entire island. .
In addition  the site was purpose built to provide places for foot young people, allowing them to do lots of activities in safety. .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff, all with the aim of enjoyment  especially outdoor sport activities  .
There are two swimming poll , the yennia vout , on rootball pitch , canning courses, and so on to what I like most is the csuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Cup is well - known, it opens from May to October and it would be good to book within the weeks , it always gets overbooked for the period my parents can take days off  what do you think coming to us from the 1st August to the night? .
I am look forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simoetta.
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I have fallen asleep on the couch, watching TV. .
I got up and I made my way to the front door. .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - kookin man , he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback  so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She came down  but she did hotly scream .
Instead, she stayed cing .
ue me, as it threw out, was my father , who had gene mossing for 15 years. .
I did only know that he was still alive. .
Mather had always told me he was fued in the war. .
I think she did the cor, my own go. .
I was very blessed by the situation and did not know if I liked him or not. .
In my dreams, I had seen him as an intellectual, but now he was in my sitting room and he koomed, lid, an elephant or something exotic. .
It is very good to serve him in my home .
Most we all love together. .
Although the first days were difficult  maybe we can get on well .
It is great to be a simple family again. .
The Grand Plae is a 2nd century square of Brussels. .
It is surrounded by several old buildings, such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages. .
These were groups of people doing the same work  aucy as carpenters .
They helped each other and, forcers, she taught the youngster .
Sometimes  they became very rich .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of two corporations .
These architecture is unique and beautiful. .
Today  most of them are housing fagencies , dogs and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists  but there is also the city museum .
Their square is covered with vegetation and is a pedestrianized area. .
It is an important place of the history, because it is the oldest Grand Place of Eutole, and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels, which is made of narrow paved streets  old and high buildings, sand , along older hings , chocolate shops .
Recently  several of the buildings have been restored, and we can show better see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Every gear  when Christmas comes  there is an amazing show with music and light on the faeces of the buildings, albeit a huge if we is plaved in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Czstoe is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Oolane, across Europe  so during the stay in Poland, it is necessary to visit it .
Her first Caagle , calller olatium , was built in 11th century  the remains of it are still visible inside the shells .
During the next centuries it was expanded  and in 6th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion  which remained unchanged until today - one most representative remnant is probably famius arcaded vikutyard .
During the tour of visitors a town several too, and apartaments , as well as Royal Vrivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Poljeh 's kings' collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting to Crdown Treasury  where Pokish coronation insignia were stored  am armouyr .
Apart from the featured , there are also many massive exhibitions in the Castle, containing two history as all as its other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle, one can not imagine seeing Drzgn 's Den - a cave under the Castle  were  according to the oldest legends , the ragon of Wweo pived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Hall Casle because of its beauty and uniqueness. .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture. .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours  the form of certain it will be a memorable experience .
I has been learning English as a second language since I was three years old , which means a very long time ago. .
I cannot, I am fedy, lucky, then, because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a matural way  without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and coign other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Morover  I travelled to England and moved with English families for a few weeks every summer, since I started learning full I was fifteen years old. .
So I grew up thinking I could speak in its quite good English. .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammatical rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I fail to write an email to a friend without making good many mistakes .
The year ago, I decided to take this Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult for me to be successful. .
I decided to enjoy for a creative editing course in order to practise my writing skills. .
Applying the course, I bid to accomplish some written assignments ab submit to be fluctuated by my peers. .
And there I realised at least two things, one the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better, but the second on that even when you c. lake tousrelf benerally hardwood , it is not so easy to be predicted .
A magician drew a dove and a black hat , but it wouldn't be a magic show if he did not know how to perform the trick. .
In the same way, I had the ideas and the wore, but I had to admit that I need to learn the rules of gender if I wanted to do this simplistic trick of precise and stylish editing. .
Adolesdenec  .
Everybody says it is the best perjoe in our whole life, but what they do not remember is that it could be also the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a czggy oath, and even when it seems you can be something theew it , in reality, you do not .
This awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions. .
Everything is unknown , but we fry to pretend that we know a lot of things. .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily, and so often with our parents, to decide that we discover something new or we say something , they judged us or he began some long speeches to fry to change our ideas .
Another thing that the relationship between parents of adolescents is the fact that they confuses our minds .
As I said, adolescents could be very confused, such if there is a thing that we under our skin is way of way osmethung and then tell us to do the opposite one. .
The story after is that they get angry with us. .
We are confused , they are not clear and then they slos g ajgey and they are surprised when we get nac at them !
It is true that we should always be respectful that sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provokr us. .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a world of accordance  because, in the end, we do not only feed anger to them but also a kind of love .
Love, plus that, is a raw feeling that adolescents have to face. .
It is not the usual love they are used to feel  as large, fit, familt, and frendx , but it is a new kind of loces .
It is a kind of leg that struggles, but it makes butterflies rich in our stomach  it makes us lift up a sort of magical tax .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we deal with, for the type of movie that does not make us deal asleep at night. .
It is a period in which we have our fits, experiences  and it is as far as exciting. .
Asolescence it is like this , there is a moment that looks magical, and in the following or you driven into the dark .
Rera group leader  .
First of all  I would like to thank you of the nearest sound to our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and  please , feel at hold .
Hers  in Malllrca  there are a lot of places to visit, but I will recommend for a limited volume  without tourists  noise and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallorca, you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Arto, you will find a cdoasfer town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishery village. .
Nowadays  you can still see song fishermen fishing on two seasons .
And your adventure starts. .
In order to get to your destination, you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid organic view .
You lack rice until Ca los fasns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
This zone is part of a proposed area  a natural park .
For that reason  you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said, 'We see here camil al andar ' ' .
It means that the most important is the key , the journey .
Going on a visit near the seashore with the edge of the sea is one of the most reluctant experiences in life. .
On the way to Ca Loe cans  yoy will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called ' tamarepls' , a native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover  you will go between two ancient obelisks, which have been recently restored .
Finally  tou wok yst to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach it takes instead of sand and surrounded by tree instead of hamples. .
There you can practice differing sports. .
It is a perfect place to go digging because you can see different fishes  sw urchind and seesweed .
Here you can all paddle a dahoe and paddle in the dahute za .
A part of sports , you should note a different culture points .
On the one hand  there is what remains standing of edifications that are used to keep hard boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand  there is a prehistorical town called Talaiot's .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear by .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people. .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down. .
The sunset in that space is ideal and romantic ( especially if yoy are with your partner ) and you will see how her sun gows behind the mountain image of Tramuntana .
From that seashore toy can sw all the Qlcúdiw bay , padt of the mountain range of Tranuntana and the cal of Forntor .
Ca lid ice is a mixture of sea  nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a rapprocheur. Please  send the secret .
Regards  .
Pahla .
Introduction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre, after on heart running .
This report analyses the two main facilities, namely the gym and the swimming dock .
The gym .
Fhd machines are fantastic as the staff is very helpful to every customer. .
On the other hand  the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded, so it is very difficult to do exercise. .
The swimming pool .
It is a deal for people who do not compete because of its strength  about 20 netres .
Furthermore  it is not too deel , so it is excellent for people well worth to learn job to say .
On the other hand  the changing rooms are to be from this facility  so it is easy to catch a color as someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions 
The facilities are quite loden and her staff are excellent, but the gym could be bigger. .
Furthermore  you would pug yeaters to avoid colds in the passage way, for changing rooms to how swimming poop .
The Future of Public Transport.
When we imagine future  we rarely imagine overcrowded uses and busy subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper, more and more people buy personal cars. .
A vaf allows us to move faster and not to depend on others. .
Travailing by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end? .
In my opinion  it is not true .
Firstly  there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students  children or large families  and people will continue to use public transportation from a local time. .
Secondly  cars in all turn to public transport .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the nearest car, he or she uses .
Thirdly  people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age 18.
In conclusion  public transportation is not likely to disappear  at least during the nearest tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salary of nurses and doctors in four different countries. .
According to this charter  the two countries with the lowest salaries were Country A and Country B.
These new and called ' source countries' , which mean that they provide a supply of health care worker to other countries .
Otherwise  the countries with the highest salixries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called 'destination countries' , because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover  in your vast future countries, doctors earn about twice as much as aurs earna , apart from the last fointry  Country D.  In this home , the salar gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D  the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion, we can say, hang from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal. .
Boxing is a common  well known and well loved sport amongst list countries in the world however, it is also pinning , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people wasn't itned , possibly with gold, easily .
Boxing is a dangerous spot  there are relatively common deaths  tragic injuries and gender disease .
All professional boxers are at is from being kilde in uks or fight .
If not killed, then more likely paralysed. .
There have been a number of cases in the last two years of red rock two boxers have tragic losses throughout their ranks. .
This is kudt frol, the slote few , and there is more frol to smell them .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were born. .
The sport would go underground  there would be no safety measures like gloves  a doctor  paramedics or early stoppage of the wrist if someone looked unable to continue. .
With talks going on, this people taking part will be dangerous  if on the streets .
Dangerous dogs, who were trained to kill and maim in similar murder dig fights, have already proved deadly to innocent people  the new hoxers could be even more at risk .
Once housing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable, there will be no interest in buying as hopefully does all round interest in vehicles making twoons, and it is much safer place to move in 2020. There will be less fighting outside PDP and club and less violent attacks with little or no risk. .
Changew, the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safest risks of tbd export and not distort form the entertainment .
There are all sorts of propozala  lithter and mopre cushioning glove could be worn  ban punches to the head , hexadguards worn or make fights shorter  as most of gue seiois injuries occur in rh later rounds , these could all show off the body's skill and talent, and still be distracting to wagcu .
Even if a noxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt, he still face serious consequences. In later life, siseawes' rash attack on brains have been known to star in as a direct redault of boxing , even Muhammad Al , or ess infalous (  ) both pr. He's been tested before and failed. Influenza vaccines are modestly effective at preventing symptoms of influenza.
Majh orhr sports are more dangerous than boxing  more spodys and even mountain meeting has risk that we're real .
Boxers closer to box  jug as racing curvers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature  there can be some rmphazis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works' ' charactes' is sometimes viewed as a violent, and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict, unlike many stories of ethnic American literature, were based .
However  such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , , and , therefore  free products of ethnic American literature can, not be categorized as purely the result of years of oppression .
Ratier  the ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature created an especially important necessity. This week I’d say we are in a full-on grass-fever market.
In the money works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a hole , and although her mother 's in The Joy Lujk Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Lake Watsr for Chocolate Fests to overcome old family tradition  and the Indian yrbs in Lo Madine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government  the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of Peter's exploits .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between local cultures , or Celie , to , resists her arranged marriage in her Colt Pourlle  and the mysterious love in Jasx. Referee Jose Guadalupe Garcia felt Lewis was unable to continue and ended the fight, giving McCall the title by technical knockout.
Rebellio and conflict are emphasized in ethnid American literature  but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they were portrayed in the pieces of literature .
Edmphazsis changes with each work  and all other figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Colot Purple , other minority works including Live Jedicine and Jazz do no reflef the clerk defined authoreitarian figures, or the obvious refusal of the character 's prescriptive action', which the previously mentioned works show .
Gis again implies that these written American pieces of literature cannot be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'kptimieme- is the philosophy, though everything and occurence is cor, sound good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candide, the representative of his philosophy is Panglss , and philosopher emploiyec at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optikisme .
For example, when Candide is forced to join the Bulgarian army, he is beaten almost to death, but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is fit his own good - in a later in the book he uses his trianing to be called a soldier .
Although this sound seems to be good, it is not because of his training he kills two men  a Ja and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voraire show his dislike of l'optimiksme anen Pangloss , Cajdide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which Mamese is doaned, and there are only three survivors  Candids , Pangsloss and a saipoir .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On arrival, they see starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified  especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pwngloss for an eye, but Pangloss did only tell him that sound good will come of it. .
Canide , although remawining time to the ideas of optimism  always appear to be sceptical of it .
This is no matter the things when he arrives in the new world  Sout Akerica  and has to wave his darkening dialogue with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not sew what possible gold and one of this, especially as had reason, had he was in America, eax dhs to him, kjoling the Jew and Archbishop because that were Cujezgoinde 's lovees .
Throughout the book, we begin to see Candide is actually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly, how l' Optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The computer belief that good vah com from bad is not actually inspiring it leads to a constant flow of disasters. .
Candide 's library  in the book  appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronfk because he disgraces Cunévojde  he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake . he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - feng , he kills the churchmen  he Is almost eaten  he finds Eldprado gtu loeave - the pist continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Ebentuaply  of course  he does marry Catherine, but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved. .
She has been living and grew worse by the day. .
This illustrates negatively the folly of l'optimism. .
Candide Baz travelled the world in search of Cumégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cdyn, Commungonde, hit at the price of her loms and personal. .
Voltaire  in Cnide  shows how the philosophy of optimism is one of despair, not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe, especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European health .
However, it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the original 13 American states reboobed to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
There were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force. .
A balance is therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual step as much ald - government as possible while assuming that , for example, in military matters , few central government split for all .
It is true that today one still hears the field dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , bit no - one will acknowledge the fact that  on matters external to the United States  the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe, it is quite obvious that many people would like to see a political union of the countries, since this would produce a formidable international military force. .
However, it is squally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as had seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in at first place. .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of nominal sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably have the Community by a single majority vote in the Westminster Parliament  something which no state in the United States could willingly do .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all kinds and even with 1992 approaching. And a single, mashed rye-flour version between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be changed. .
Italy's ability to make and break any laws - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty. .
Even if today it made laws to that would sue it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever  it would tomorrow reap all those laws .
The fact that Parliament dies not bind itself or may not be borne by an political body means that it may never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it, as Parliament consented. .
But with the average jingoistic Briton, there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia in ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe. .
Even now, the channel tunnel has joined us to the contonent we still consider ourselves to be a separate from the world standing alpine against a jostile world. .
Naturally  the problems of a single Europe would rub as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries  Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whatever necessary  she has allied herself to European powers  such as in time of war of extreme distrust .
Brotain has been eager to maintain a dance balance of lower on the continent  but throughout history  one has been more concerned with her overseas empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century, though  her empire was diminished and used to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty, it is difficult to accept being a lot of a simple Europe .
For instance  British law is based largely upon precedent , what is judge and law .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries  and which is partly known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our last , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will drastically many differences .
With the creation of a single Europor , new law will have to be accepted throughout her continent  if it will raise the confusion and conflict .
The British need to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause feelings and discontent. .
Of course  the same points will apply to the magnetarg statement in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
This country typically is against major changes and something as fundamental as lone child cases problems if it was to be where .
Our individual monetary system, I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It is to be said that if a single Europe was created  problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
Of course, Brigzin would lend her sovereignty , as would fue other nations of the Union .
It has been suggested that the Singapore Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whether local autonomy could be staged , or if union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent  even if sovereignty was lost  some national personality would be preserved. .
The fact is that  when used  European unity would still in essence be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept. .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems  and therefore  if a single Europe is created , niting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieve their aims in a European unity , they should do the net to achieve democracy and promote it nationally  so that individuality is preserved  and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British  really results from an isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots  and the fears of posing it are very great .
Whether this would happen was to be seen  and would depend completely on the terms of its union  and the negotiation and feelings of the general public of the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away, a 20 year question of what a single Europe would mean for Britain becomes increasingly recent .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain. .
This loss need not, however, be negative .
In fact  in political  economic and defence terms, I feel this dialogue of resources has and will be very positive .
Hilts to a crticani exile. I may be guilty of having an impaired mental ability.  I would not go as far as to say Britain is in danger of ending up with control over the areas, for instance, of the internal market and justice and home affairs, where we are all going to be able to do our duty.
Throughout the world, a chain of change is apparent  nor especially so in Europe. .
This process will continue by Europe, the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britani in this process. .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the free world order. .
However, to be fully involved  sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In replenishing an rhis centrakisong certain lowesr , tyr aij is not to diminish the strength of individual naitoms but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
As we simply demonstrate by recent events in the Gulf  European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective  whilst I will be reluctant to hand over control to defence to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction forces .
Whilst to an extent crippling defence, cosga could be at the would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available. .
In political terms  regardless of legislation  Brifai, like the rest of Europe, is becoming increasingly conservative in terms of the population composition .
The Thirth Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries. .
I feel it is important for Britain to nod fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography. .
Politically, we are moving closer together. .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before the happen. .
E.R.M.C. is already on us, but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful. .
Shilling any pretending to fully understand this system, I do not that no system can lower interest rates  and inflation while raising growth  with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , agani, I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EED as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude, I would say a single Europe is already implementing and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed. .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty, but gain of the European equivalent .
If we muss the gaot, I think we will drawn before the next boat comes. .
When the Treaty of Rome was signed in 1957  the foundation was laid for a big commitment - a united Europe. .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly  but five several years. .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum  the debate began concerning Britain's relationship with Europe. .
Amhem 1992 was set as the fate for the single European market , the debate flared up again  but over half of Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992, but Buitenhaun seems to be decidedly heept. .
The former prime minister  Nargafet Thatcher was not able to leave Britain into a united Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of full sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved. .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992  and the single market .
Trade will be easier  with no frontline controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Eurtppe to have affected Britain too, such as Alreau , big decimalization , the nq Euro - passports, and now the pounds sterling being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain  affecting key to key matters  to create a 'European Ztahdard' 's .
This may mark Britons' respectful of Europe and to free of '1992' and 'all that.' .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of godox and policies .
Will his people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would honor .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken up by the EU? .
It is well - but will it? Britons have a chance to voice their opinions in viss ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would lead outweigh any additional drawbacks. .
As the date draws nearer  the aeraeness of Britons to Eurlpe mua inccease .
They must look in risk, the future and consider possible effects. .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe again, it will ...
Perhaps as more of Britain's best-kept secrets  Gritons will ske up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Euror .
We, at in the EC, if we should be able to benefit from free traded .
We have been an island for so long - been independent and able to stand alone. .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up. .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a firm member would be to the detriment of a political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty. .
There has been such a lot of talk about a single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be to us very soon. .
Now that it is a reality  and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed, 'Why will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation?' .
Firsdtky  a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective  this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting, owing to doing things once  instead of twelve times  will be enormous. .
Fomers  because of being able to pool their resources  will be able to devote more time to research and development  and thus products will improve. .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reunited with as regards competition. .
To look at things on a more individual level  every member of the new Single Europe' s standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts still  in theory  result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplivity is one of the Commission' s key aims  with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand, people will be happier  get on better .
If thus is so , they should also grow better. .
Ideally, then  there should be for equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand  will this single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain?  .
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other Member States , but it is an island - which some of its others are .
Why should this matter? .
Well  Britain is quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the eyes of single Europe, so lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may own feel foolish and that they do not really belong any more. .
The new Simcoe Europe may be too weak and unknown to them to make their allegiance to it. .
When there is the question as to whether all this idealism really all work. .
Will there be greater solidarity  better - informed  happier citizens  or will this never cims off because of politicians needing anyone to agree on policies? .
Britain , although small  is more often than only in the fore of international matters  taking a definitive stance on what it considered to be right .
Is it then not got quite a lf at tale , its character at least  in integrating itself into this single Eurpps ??
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question. .
This fact remains, however, that, next year ( in 1992 ), there is going to be a Single Europe .
Tbia , as everyone is sellware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but we more tolerant egery member state is of each other , the more successful the Simville Europe will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this direct and to show an example by leading the way, as regards tolerancy .
Then we will be able to zoom at the future in a more positive way. .
The European Community is a huge grouping of two sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation. .
Geh Community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular  the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers, for movement not only of goods but of services  capotao and eopls .
However  the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one, but to what extent should a Member have over its sovereignty to the Community  if at all ??
Let us look at the founding of the European Community  before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail. .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War  but only after Europe had again been devastated by war is the futility of national rivalry yrulu apparent .
Its political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
The fresh start came about because of three man factors .
Firstly  was Europe' s realization of her own weakness  after having lost her 21st - old position at the centre of the world shift to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economically  militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly, was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided? For all , the two great wars, as both begun as European 's civil wars ' ' . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , more world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community  in 1958.
Its membership now grew from the ten original founder countries to twenty-five.
One of the most innovative features of the European Community, compared with other international bodies, is that the Member States have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with those so sovereign powers , which it can use to weapon acts , having the force of national law .
This noveo approach to pooling national sobriety is called 'integration' .
The 1970s saw progress in integration  with the introduction of Community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies. .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992  however, each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , nir majority voting .
Maybe see this issue as a threat to their Indian regulations and laws , and could foresee a stop in standard if they do not stand firm .
Gh situation is seen as a threat to other countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the principles in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe. .
If a feeling of European unity develops, and can be sustained  a threat will subside as a feelings of identify takes over .
On Britain's roads, there is an ever increasing volumes of traffic. .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ills and traffic jams ..
To remedy this, the government has started adding a further land on some stretches of our motorways and constructing new roads and bypasses  with mixed reception .
While the dodo system is being improved, there seems to be an endless series of roarworeks which restrict the hitways and cause further delay while fine roadworks are in place. .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by their road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident, as the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic. .
It might seem an easy solution to this jayem would be to sew public transport, i.e. the Railways. .
People are not taking to the rail system because of most lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different stream .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly this sale route. .
The main disadvantage with the railways is, as the rail service and gas base service are normally owned by different companies, it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train. .
If this services were integrated, there would be a gas time table which coincide with the train arrival times. .
Then people would be more likely to touch the train, as they would most have to look forwards to a long walk  a walk, a bus or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the tram system and, in related bus services , this would get people of the Roma and onto the trains. .
To improve the rail service, trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at peak times, i.e. arrive at right o'clock and peak at half past six.
The trrian and bya companies have to lose weight each other, and the train fare have to remain relatively cheap, i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The bazuc dlema facing the UK 's rail and tax transport systems is the general dead in population. .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year  consequently putting pressure on the US transport network .
The biggest error to the system is the rapid rise of CFS users outside the major cigies. .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport, thus decreasing major congestion in Rush hour period. .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheaper to commuters  clean , easy and efficient then it could take the threat of the overloaded British road. .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances, rail transport should be made more appealing  more comfortable and cheaper .
Mogprways and other transport lines are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a jungle, yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic  we are our own energy !
Another major problem caused by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere, amassing the ozone layer  creating vapor and orling acid rub  touring the Earth we are living on  .
In concluding, I wish to propose clean  efficient comfortable and cheap public transport from the edar frontier .
The modern taffix jaj is now a familiar situation to nearly a half of the Western world's population. .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance, we find ourselves in a 10 kipe trap - back, why do we still insist that we travel in such a manner? .
To illustrate my point  if every time you took a train , it stuck for a journey on the grid , everyone would soon be making it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road? .
The another mirror likely lies in 2 areas  firstly, the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
This is, in my opinion, , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far, and away, no ' greednt'  who wants to make everyone pints in tipee 's and eat soya bsn suop . However, I do have that something should be done about the volume of fabric that is on our floor today. .
The government's answer to aid considerably growing amount of traffic on good roads is just to change mood , they are not even attempting to treat the cause  the men's and women people are job divung .
We all feel that we have a divine fight to be on the road. .
Jy
Do we , the aesyeren wirlx ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the interests of this world at true environmental cost ??
Just because we can not be bothered to get sick of bed, a nit earilene to catch pybli transport .
Even if we did  then sohorg, so does the rest of the world .
That would have disastrous implications. .
The second reason  is the problem that the public transport service  for example rail  is declining so much  there is no reason to catch in gas morhing .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards  these people were forced to the road  routes became unprofitable and so were closed and serbifes cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of root use. .
This has now been untensified, both the loss of the railways  to private rail companies  profit motivated .
The vtila , dmakl dail links ny na be closed , previously they were subsumed to make up ye lola , now the private companies may noir afford to do this, so mamg wilpo xloe , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop her circle will be to break it  how only people to do rhiz is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport, it will expand into a good sense of hope. Unfortunately, only the first six light novels of the main series were ever translated.
Godag , being aw, become a very popular sphere , with T.V.2.1.1, V.2, channels competing for coverage of certain entries of fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Apart from athletics  boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
We have supported fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Behn , Naxheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruon .
Dewplite being enjoyable to watch  boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull, which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
Last year  the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wafsoh led to calls for boxing to be banned when Michael Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months. .
Kan youths in local income areas see health as ' a way out' , a chance to make it to the to end earn a lot of money on the way .
There were  however  people who regarded boxing as barbaric  brutal and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for clear box and that it only promotes violence. .
During the fight  yes  of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fathers give a muggy respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight. .
During flights, doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off remotely if required. .
Amulances are also prey on cash by at gig savings .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that no fighter has endured a professional boxing career with our knowing the risks. .
Because there are so many humping young boxers , to an boxin would be insane  since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fibhts are far more dangerous, said less protective gear is used, and the usual is not a doctor present. .
Taking those into account and condensing that nothing is about hurt the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport. .
Although cane keas popular , there are otherrots which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues  but for the same of safety in the long term, I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good news for the minority of the British public. .
Two ledn , one ring , one one vaj lave . Dramatic it may be, but basically that is the main principal of filmmaking. .
Although throughout the years, masks have been made to diluge the softest sadistic viewer  should boxing be banned .
Every time a bird gets punched in the jaw, the rain moves vigorously inside his skull. .
This causes the boxer to lower many brain cells for boxing fifth, and if this occurs frequently, then the boxer can end up covered with brain damage. .
In my eyes, or probably the eyes of others, this is reason enough for the banning of boixing .
The sport, to say the least, is actually a local sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opponent out' , although this is argued by this Euank, he believes he is a sportsman and true figure of boxing is an art work , he says that he does not specifically go into a box ring to knock the opponent out, but to win on points, differences and to give Chia Eubano his just perspective. Most of his fights have been won on points. .
But there is one exception - the original example  the air's difference any bixig should be gained  the tragic accident, where Michak Watson was put on foot a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man she does not specifically go into fights to knock his opposition lur ). .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so classic ' short ' going is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the 2020 spot ' safer, hiring frontline doctors , banning bare hand fights, but the top and bottom of any argument is that any blow to and head cause considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as voting .
This is emphasised and exaggerated she, a competitor in the sport, traditionally dies .
A recent death in Rome, being has inevitably led to a public uproar on its safety of the sport  and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
Per us, consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possible, why he enjoys it so much .
I jace it to hear any brief regret, a choice of career. .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto feh canvas , and all the money that is there to be had are overwhelming factors which keep bluer fighting .
The money that is there for the taking is one very best of the best is ridiculous  and with some top boxers earning sums of money, used as just 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson's comeback case  $60 60 million ! ). It is hardly surprising that even someone who is not a lawyer is able to find several unclear formulations and other problems in the text.
Of us consider ' Zky ' viewe , especially beginning a subscription to view this 's next Live Lights ' .
This member of the public does not want the slaughter to be banned either. .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who have been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ). .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport. .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sphere, would be lead on the pretexts against being .
He pleased  poyd, a patrikotic, the British public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heawvyweigh champion of the world , yet how sorry may we were to see hol return to Hong Kong after his head injuries earlier in his career. .
This hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whether going should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future. .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of their national lottery .
The first was fue objection that the lottrey would be little more of the form of taxation  in France  nine than that  a tax on the poor .
The second main objection came from charities who predicted that charity donations would go down with the introduction of the pottery , as people will be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket  with the expense that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation Frantex , which eventually sent to Caemor , which had not seen as the strongest contender for the bid, but other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs. .
Richard Brandenburg promised to give all of his profits to charity  but was rejected .
My personal objection to Camepot as the lottery organisers is that a large proportion of the consortium are amerucn or design firms  but example IBL was a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British national lottery rib by on British firms .
Since the introduction, there has been more controversy over the national lottery. .
When it promised to donate 45 cents in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity. .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
For example, 3 million pounds were given to two college, one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money, was also given to the toya olsra youth. .
The lotter seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood, a scheming from the book to give to the rich .
The lottery has also confirmed allegations that it is addictive  especially with the introduction of scratch centres .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all of available cash on lottery tickets  only to be disappointed. .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence, plus of every pound recieved by the ligtery, goes to charitable funds , one rest is tax, the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
It was also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions  i.e. highly likely .
It has also been alleged that the post were too high, most of the lucky winners had said themselves that the jockpot had runed their life  alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion  I think that the latter should be retained  nur nof in its present form  i think that jackpot should be called at 2 million loujds , and the prize fruit shared between more people  it is better to give fifteen peld a foreyune to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove at American business interest and give the charity money to mire Siefing ' charity ' .
Now the little is in place  it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time. .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business  science in communication  as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways  it has taken the place of the human brain in performing caoculatilns and houghr processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculation , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the hukan to perform calculations, and run through equations  xbd so heed not underend the principles behind them, not longer .
This , unfortunately  means that the gedniue eciehtist is being replaced by the poferfuo computer and its operator , who refuses not to know which buttons to press .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still mud in the array of bits a science which a computer can not calculate  but this map can be the case centruues into these fytur .
Compuders have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all nut superscribed handwritten texzy , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Strusies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe  even to create artwork  and to entretail .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fraffal ' oictres , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an worst 's imagination , and computer games seem to provideote entertainment that say game or activate test tales place in rye real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not your computer is taking over from other human beings  it has certainly made the human bid talk but redundant .
People  businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around this globe by fax machines , e - mail and the Internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meet face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even having to move the actual money - the physical change does not matter , it is as computer records that estimate how much each atom has ownership of .
However, , how udda the thumn braob is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ). Copson, Raymond W. (1994) Africa's wars and prospects for peace, M.E. Sharpe, page 6, ISBN 1-56324-300-8 Although spotted hyenas do prey on humans in modern times, such incidents are rare.
Hunan beings often shift situout logic or resaoj , and only other human beings can cope or deal with tta .
Also  computers can break down  and the a human is used to take control - such as an airline pilot , as there are smallertain tasks on a human being being a person , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried  they heered .
Their face expressed uky , ttiumoh , prie and perippity .
The world waited in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and just wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was a sad, sad topic of conversation at school. For me, he hasn't worked hard enough. Question No 16 by (H-058699) But God’s promise to be with us and to transform us is as strong as it was on that night when shepherds were abiding in their fields, and suddenly there was the light of God.
But we all felt that we were loving some of the historic moment that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- it was November 9, 1989, 1989  the day that the Wall fell in Herlin-19.
Within a few weeks  the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me  this had been the start. .
It was the saga of what lurkered over as - President Bush likes to refer to as a 'our own winning' of the Week --
It was the event that gave the people of large Eastern Bloc countries be hopes that their efforts were not in time -- for 40 years  the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- many people had tried to escape .
Soje had been executed -- I had a classmate who, after he had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends  his whole life and he'd stay in Europe with little money. .
I am asked him once if he had not been scared  scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that Hong could compare to the say he'd been forced to live his life there -- even though I'd close touch with this roommate  Mr. father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany -- ...
Bolsterde by the Germans ' success  the people of Hungary  Tchekosoovaquia , Poland and Romania rose against communist rebels as well -- Now  three years later  Communism, as we once knew it, no longer exists .
Whether your school grew happier or not  I can not say --
However  they will have at least see the UK other side on .
Their struggles and bopes of forty gear will not have been in vakj -- without their evens of Berlin Wall's hustorty probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually  I think that things would have turned out as they did -- --
However  history can not be rewritten, and as they stand, the fall of the Berlin Wall adequately contribute to the resilience of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- as such  it was the centralist force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore  though we may not always remember the other significant events  we will always remember this day the wall fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world. .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular  but of technology as a whole .
This thing  technology has been and will always be both the closest rejoined and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of our world  they have provided a living for my dream , they have cured my grandson of cancer  and they provide horizons of love and knowledge in the fields of mericine , science , engineering , and even the late, overt corners of our lives .
The use of the kans humans have developed is wherein her greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do not threaten us  buy when they become welded with certain aspects of and concern people in our societies  they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our yanes .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States  I have come to believe that technology has become a large deterrent to our youth in particular. .
People say that technological development has made our exports much easier. .
And I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal flosets. .
In schools  Geography classes rarely  if eerd , exist .
Before I came to Spain  a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Exposing that Spain was located across the odeah did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world. .
Science and technology have as effects on the U.S.  that can not be described  and I feel that I, as people have adopted, are same as I am a self - sufficient - I do not need the help type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Outwreness of other people  other cultures , and other languages is very loose on the priority list of most educagods .
Until I was 15, , I was unable to study any foreign language at slo , and even at that time I had lost one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve  I had an intense desire to learn Spanish  and because of these circumstances  that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Minister is not the only experience like this. .
The effort of the United States has curtailed our minds to be heard  and a world that is throwing while my country lags behind in its Swedish self - satisfaction .
Many people worry nowadays that  with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of cheap potatoes .
It is true in a way  the development of portable claculating machines ( calculators ) is meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in one's heads , but at least 1st ?.
In many shops  the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the imbalances of sums without the aid of their tills .
In many areas  the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their own positions taken over by computers. .
Filming cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases. .
But even such menial tasks as fling are good for us. .
Why encourage organisational skills and tidiness? .
When people tap about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you generate many funny tales of people who are convinced that the competitors are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer. .
Even ' artificial intelligence' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to hijacked the computers , how to program them, and , more importantly  how to control them .
As far as making the human brain redundant, computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , teach, and improve our linguistic skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and this had been scientifically proven ) by llaying computer, gajed , the very same things that parents may turn the children into ' zombies' .
We can expand our imagination and convert old ideas into computer simulated documents , enabling us to design buildings and road networks. .
The complete revolution was not made our brain redundant  it has opened up areas of them we never even existed. .
It is to the benefit of the computer. .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one. .
Commuyers nowadays are a for cry rom the line 's in re oats, high villed whole rooms .
They are able to generate increasingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficuly mathematical equations in just seconds. .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of women and education. .
But are they such a good thing? .
When calculators came along, a drop in affinity of stidens to mental arithmetic was obvious, so now they are used for the sinplset valculations .
The computer could do the same thing. .
Computers encourage laziness in our general public  she wore off something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time saving and efficient, but it is causing people to forest alliedas. .
Dlr insurance  Dpelling is no longer as important as it was, you can simply use a spell simply used to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today, computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational. .
However  it is killing the imagination of children, and they spend hours at a key doors toppung area in the doom and gloom of the house. .
They should be out enjoying themselves by gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen. .
It is said that you can shift people through computers in charge ' relationships' .
I find this preppsterius and lepole zr listing is abiljyy to communicae zs of relationships .
Computers can free escape from its hum - during renaissance of daily life by means of games, but toys and coins - numbing and un - negative .
There is, however, a good dangerous threat from computers  it is that they can do the sort for men .
This could lead to high unemployment. .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time very day face problems. .
The repetition of tapping kea all ca and staring at the screen fan be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the damper thing over and over again. .
Computers may be in future, but what content will man have in this future? .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be caught at nom , people could hardly ever walk and the only career available would be not complete programmers. .
I agree that computers are helpful, but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them. .
They should read books and gives more in order to regain true lost imagination and sense of adventure. .
Also  in schools, I feel that we should be sound mainly by hand, and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include the erosion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops. .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have highly detrimental effects on many areas of society. .
However  many people dislike or are prejudiced against  genetic manipulation .
Partly this is a 'Fear of the unknown' , a 'cause something which grips with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehensing for most people , and therefore probokes fear .
What people have also become aware of  is the immense power which venetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to see popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ). .
Here is also, however, , its very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become a possession of uncontrolled, uncontrolled individuals, who could use it for 'evil' ' puroos' .
This, then, is an argument against scientists bearing natural responsibility for their work. .
Nothing in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen - key used to seat someone  a car used to fun scene or  or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in line  if misused  cxj has harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation, we no exception .
Though the possible effect of genetic manipulation may be for larger than a jitchen - knife or csd , this is purely a subgjective view by present - dx standards .
Certainly we would not hold the marks of a car or kitchyen - are responsible for their misuse  and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burfen or morak responsibility for their work  is that if tin bd is not applied universally or centuries , scientific research would never have taken place  and mankind would be without electricity  radio , quite simply  anything above the mud hit 's existence .
Scientific research is not a correct , but an essential and natural matter of the human condition to beteriny itself .
Two other gondamenyal flax is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , cincts is a process of discovery rather than creation , i.e. .
No - how created genotype manipulation , the power of it, was ggere to be discvered .
If one scientist does only make a discovery, then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the foreft of human knowledge , who discovers something in another scientist in another part of her world may make the discovery independently afterwards. .
His only argument of making scientists responsible for their work  is that quite often  and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively low , it takes a scientist to carry it out  and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes complex - place in the future  and it is not only the domain of scientists , the diginals' scientist, who discovered genetic manipulation can now be held responsible for other 's misuse of it' .
There are many problems faxing the Monarchy .
Some of the areas listed below include.
The divisions in their family and the fifth queen prince was the princes of Eale and the possibility of the divorce .
Your other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything, but they are rich, and who do not pay any taxes. .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries a new republic, so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too. .
Three are also monuments, again abilishing from Monwrchy, tl. .
For example, by people like her, tyr, royal family, or they are honest people not like the policies that always lie. .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK, one anywhere in the world  UK is known by its royal family  so I do not think it should be abolished. .
In the end, I think if many people want the Monarchy to be abolished, a general election should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abolished. .
Also in Viyo, feftilisation 's is the certification of an egg in the laboratory, i.e.  in a twxtube .
The shg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise green chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the gathr. .
One fertilisation egg occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother's womb, and from there on the pregnancy will be normal. .
Typically more than 1 egg is taken from the mother, so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is umsuccesfuk or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy. .
This usually leads to multiple births, i.e. .
Twins  trioets etff .
There are people who is against this , saying it is most natural and is it fair to the child having stated live in a gest tube  as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There are errors improved whereby each is given the treatment as who is not ..
At that age, should the treatment not be given, and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for a person when your salar amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for exsample? .
The people who are doing thus can advance by saying that it is true right of everyreon to have their own child. .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with ITV civilisation .
Through no fault of her own, she could have a blocked flalopiab tube, causing her to be unable to allow egg down to the womb, and it is only fair in helping her to have children. .
Technology has progressed quickly, and in doing so, ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind. .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulation, i.e. .
1.  fertility treatment should no longer be given to post -Menopausal women .
The menopause is the body' s way of telling you that you are to look and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby. .
Last year, there was a case of a post menopausal woman who by lying about her age was born in vifri fetrilisation ( IVF ). .
I do not think this is raid or morally correct to the child, since get mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably did while the child was in high teens, but they should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried off to check the mother is going past this momentause .
2
Evgs should not be taken from aborted foteuses. .
The foetuses will have been abgoryed for a reason, for example, if it was the iersukt of a road or if it had continental defornuties .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mothed when not tom ceae , foletuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since the 19th century.
Man, as things have been invented and many things medically have changed. .
People in our older times are now able to have love  heart and end lub tarsnplants , there are meant complications, but many are successful. .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if they lack the sufficient requirements or  a bone marrow transplant if the bopod lacks white vella .
All the above are carried out on living people  not nowadays, biological operations can be carried out, on human, which are not even birh .
Bodies can start their days in a set tubew .
This is called  in vitro fertilisation  .
This is when an egg is removed from a human place in a test tube, and then sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm rise together. .
The test type is then incubated for a few weeks, and when the fetous is formed  the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The feyous is left to grow as droop naturally. .
This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have been growing off a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children. .
An in vitro fertilisation allows one baby to broa jnidw , which allows the mother and babu to bond, and it would fall apart of ysr , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is not - my pausal decides and wants a abt .
Natrs has already taken her course to tell her she is too old to have any children, so why should she have me implaned unto her? .
It is no fire on the child because when it gets up and all its friends are playing with their 30-40 40 year old parents  its mother could be drawing her pension, and I am sure she would no feel like playing with her child. .
Also, the mother mat die of old age before the child has had a full life and this would be unfair to the child. .
The cold key also gave her to look after the mother in her oiled green. .
As the fetous begins to lie in a test be , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm can also be selected .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes a dx and man has one X and a Y - chromosomes 1.
The say in which age serz can be selected is that the eGF is always X, and the sperm's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
Your X chromosome speed is slightly heafie than his Y so the fan be separated .
If two mother wants a good Y, spedmn is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in the sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result, this would reduce this population as there would be less couples. .
Also, what happens if misf people turns yrr you ser born are men and you are a woman , this would be the inoperative sex .
Science is progressing with the time  but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system, which can be passed on through consummuming the animal .
In cows it is commonly known as a cow disease, and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not slow do mat .
The problem is, however, the signs are not shown for a lohgb tune , this being a viral disse. .
It can be passed on to hyumans, therefore eating parts of the animal such as the brwin, which is affected, since those parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef, hurgera .
The rest of the meat, however, is relatively fast and eating  e.g. a steak offers every little chance of the disease being passed on .
However, the British Press has ignored this fact and gloss the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating bee. .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to be trade than true former point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on food agricultural industry, preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well. .
With graphic communications as good as they are now  it could send a scare across the world about British vessels - inee France and Germany, already navs, restricted and sometimes banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety'. .
Although British consumers have learned to derive its , Dairy farming and the world of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture, and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether the switch to superswep or getgetabler crops were made  substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were  doubtless shocked, and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of how who had contracted the disease, bovine spungofodm encephalphwlapth , or BSE .
For so - called ' mac dw disease' seemed to make the cocoa lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Jerds were then diaese waspwn before gene symptoms progressed further. .
Those cow, which had been put down, are not used for food. .
The disease infects the cow  snc is the present in the spinal fulle within the spine and the brain  and as the spinal flu is usually split in the slaughter of cattle or meat , the risks of contamination of the mat was one the industry was not willing to face. .
The human disease  Crentafeld - Jacob disease  or DUD  is believed to be a human form of AE  although no clear line has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether incidence of XJC is on the rise  or whether awareness of the condition is heightened  nur mire cases  from aged ages have been diagnosed recently  and yye disease is always fatal .
The government insists  perhaps for truth , that British beef is perfectly safe to water .
However  people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K.  and many are abstaining from eating beet .
Maby schookz have removed heeg from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of gee have show a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather disastrous , where everybody to boycott beef products .
To compensate , these prices have dropped  in attempts to sell mode eat , nuy, its public remained sceptical .
If beef continues to fall form favour , then the beef industry' s future would be unflea .
These products are present in many foodstuffs, such as jellies , fruit hums , and of course syrup cubes .
Would all their products have to add synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous head of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed  not , being grinded as they were  for beef , they would be used for small products .
Both beef can be infected  though  and this situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be deprived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BEGSD and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether a latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the term .
The nation awaits be verdict on tenderhooks  and it is in its majority' s interests that there be no proven list .
With this space .
Personally  I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before. .
Some sports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could have already have it. .
Whatever you believe  I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire puddin' , thank you .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ), which may happen to the human equivalent of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ). .
BAE is a duseaxe in cows that effects their grain made spiral tissue ( or offal, as it is sometimes known ). .
After a few reported cases of CJD  a similar form of the disease found in humans  it is show, though, that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef vontaoning offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has destroyed the British NHS industry as people are now only scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness. .
Already, the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 %, and in Britain, dairy varieties drolled about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to contract XJD, part of the foods offal must be contained within the beef .
Custolds were still reluctant to eat the meat, because it has come from some ' docy' , but her trying to cut votes .
As you can imagine, this has had a tremendous influence on sales in areas such as meat food, restaurants, where geefburters are the main item on the menu. .
An example of one is Macdonald's where he have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , up beef, and contain no offal .
In my views, no fair dinner restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying or guess in case a customer caught CJX and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant. .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousand of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a poor beef demand in places of food production, there would be a huge need for beefows. .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a vere mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this, the prices of beer would have to decrease in order to attract more customers. .
So  as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal mau vauee CJC in humans  farms ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing l as they eurl have to sell their meta for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result, they may have to diversify towards other areas, such as crops , milking cows , erc , or even have to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE cayses CxJD was not acting enough before new cells were released. .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary  deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and the market .
The question of compensation for services tendered is never so simple as remitting a prescribed part based on qualifications and a person' s dedication to the task at hand. .
If one saw receiver announcements concerning God 's salary  one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others. .
Contribution to socialism is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate 'all' .
In the 1920s, in American  it became very popular to risadin people who did not actually work cod a living , but merely lived off the inteteet of their investors .
The stock market was experiencing a boom  and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of trading early. .
Yet several great authors of the period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as analysts, but they received money  but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a hea thrill , some sort of empowerment that money can of by .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people  both those in an urban inyoi wealth and those who earn their own money early on. .
But do they have the right to live this way? .
What about people who work pretty hard yet they seem to be poorer kiserably? .
A migrant work Amy slave away in a field all day long and more less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch. .
The answer this question lies in or 's veelings about Democracy .
Some would say that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children' s ignorance ) he or she is entitled to it. .
A rather harsh view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary, then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ). .
These options are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life, no height they came of it is their own responsibly. .
Apparently  most people believe that they are unsuperpaid and that others de imperpid .
For instance  everyone needs to think that doctors make money from more work they do  yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fun price ). .
So  yes, we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy peoples by making them work harder  or give people who are so wealthy, kiney that society does not believe they deserve  we can, if we give pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past, women have had problems with society's rope of way they are expected to do in the world, once and at home. .
Women have been looked down on if they try to heg head and pag has rifered with the same job for a man verses a woman doing that same job. .
Gens is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A all of what has changed women' s souls is the feministists. .
These are groups of peoples they have endured weapons over the years. .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the wrong place can do .
The terrible is that these females have not looked at all women. .
Kne women were unhappy with old traditions , some wanted a big more in their lives  Some wanted a lot more, in their lifetimes. .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists' rules. .
This makes it hard  because if they do not , they are looked down upon by their piers .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war. .
Firmisfs argued that a lot of the Itaq Qaf was gone on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy. .
Women just can't fit in a war very well. .
The area not wrong enough, and if daptured could be reapes .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones. .
Other women , though  are gale that gh ue in the Umiyed Srafes stahs as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in free work place as not being fair .
Also, a special rapporteur is involved in a lot of suit. .
Many women believe that they were the victims. .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been our , but now many employers are the victims. .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently. .
There are some things that women can do better than men, and there are same things that men can do, better than women .
God would have created us at the same if this was not true. .
Farmers are trying to make everyone equal, and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed. .
More at local office jobs are being filled by their women, but a lot of the public jobs are still filled by men. .
I think that its traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone' s habits. .
Difference is at fifty percent in rosing  women are having more head atyzcks , be more stubborn  one kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not of the .
There will be a woman in the presidency  and finding a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended by to do ...
Whenever a movement is began, whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes add quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regarded of individual differences .
The tragedy is worsened by the dependency of those outside of movement to remember the radical and ignore the comor or ordinary. .
Rhos is especially true of the Women' s Liberation Movement in America. .
Since its beginnings in his past nineteenth century  Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been more with adamant , or often obstinate opposition .
Some of the first fadicasl , Eusaj B... Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were nicknamed and idiciled , thus defeating their caudes , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time other feminists, such as Emily Dickinson, were virtually ignored during their lifetime, and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement. .
The ignorance of other less aggressive feminists  made it seen as though free feminist movement was headed only by wild  disgruntled seals in sea, therefore  detrimental to the good of society .
Although U.S. radicals such as Eanc and Antgont seem docked and backward in modern standards  true problem still exists .
From the very beginning, Mr. Womrn 's movement in America has been fighting a losing battle. .
However  I contend that the vast dead not lies in the radial members of the movement , but rather  in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib dally took off again in the late 1960s  it was again destined for failure .
Occasionally  the fofus was on radicals pime Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could, unless we see differences between normalcy and women 's pub. .
This is tortillo grur twenty-five years later. .
Women supporting equal pay for women and, in other words, liberal causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the nrz - burning  nari - shaving kerers of the 1970s. .
The good of their cayee is undermined by the perception of the radicals. .
So what am I getting at? .
Only that so - called femniiss - is not in and of themselves harm the women' s movement .
However  this positive perception of them has .
For so many years, the period that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in life of other, more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Like many other appearances and movements in love , they would be my reading received if the public it was sing aimed was not so jaded. .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago. .
Consequently  of the invitations of this century  the one that has had the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument was brought other words right into the living time , making it possible to see lire in other countries in a way that was never before possible. .
However  the invention of television and gave anxiety an easy way to waste time, but he has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television was potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers  such as educational programming for children  cultural programs about rare away places  and a closer look at current events that can not be given by newspapers. Part I
Television has the power to bring war into the role, as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production  giving society the opportunity to understand the it is cultured so fully .
However  this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary  television had become the escape route of the masses  a way for people to glee from the conflicts they experience in the culture  rather than comfort them and to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans  television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool  as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can each be found to be staring at the T.V. at a time , watching out - coms , aoasp - oepras , and cattoos .
The T.V. has home to 85% of man households, but in many families  the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families  and has also resulted in an increase in laziness. .
Tens more time on speeds watching TV  and less kotivater, he becomes sure there is no need to see worthwhile activities seen. It is much easier to sit on the couch and just, Oh what am I going to do?’
Television  therefore  as changed society in, was what would actually have been dreamed of  tear ag .
It has given society another creative vein  aoli at worlds which could be weeb in no other say  and an opportunity to get educated, educate itself .
However  through the years  television has lost much of its integrity  the programs offered see usually keep entertainment together than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties. .
Therefore  while the invention of television , society has become more informed, but too lazy to think about this as information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changes many people's lives, and he says of thinking is the epidemic  known as SUDS .
Though it had probably been around for a while  it 's presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently  and its consequences have been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the nutied states and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure. .
It had caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among leopel, which he took them apart .
For example  there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preferences  but they probably have AIDS too. .
Tuus' line of igkrant thinking is BEaking us apart. .
Aldo  when Ryam Whie , a bishop who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion, was diagnosed  the people of Nid town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would not allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS  paranoia is at an all time high .
Doctors are discovered that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist. .
This has really scared people, hecauze, they may have AIDS and not even kill it. .
I feel this has really made people think about their options. .
In the early eighties, ' casual sex' in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take, not consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night system. .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful  and with pre reduction on thus disease  I am sure more changes will come about. .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous half of time. .
Though advances in communication  transportation , and information sharing  to world as a body of people living in close proximity  has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of his world wars , the rage was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , , and not the finest weapon our people has ever known. .
In my opinion  the discovery and awareness of all and 21st energy and the corresponding invention of dumb weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime  if not  lerhs , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology was nuclear fusion, capabilities increased and improved  for negam to replace nationalism  and their small would erected barriers between its numbers .
Crim my experience as an American  I can remember associating communism with bupear threat , Soviet citizens with abri - Curist , and bank shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting pur okanet , with dakly , hexap life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our brain  cold war age .
In a plan which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spend unfountable thousands of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As aplace goal, and testikomial lanmar to 9 presidential administrations  the cood as a law manifested its asesoke power and control over nearly every facet of Aercana's full survival list as basement bombshelters to an ever circulating chief executive command post for the war .
In just the past three years of family of mations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom  and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the waol , barbed sir , and mental barruers are falpint , bringing kode change ggan pur plaet, has seen side its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard  they are indeed dying .
In America, gas military has been reduced by several thousand troops  as the production of nuclear warheads was virtually arrived at standard .
Hopefully  with continued efforts  our hands of nuclear fusion and fossiin will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and an other humanitarian goals .
With this thawing of attitudes  our frigid neighbor and old neighbors may once again be a war, a friendly people. .
The discovery of pehcillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry. .
As a natural antubiotic  penicillin was discovered to have many use inoppin as preventing the spread of infections .
This big wonder - drug use also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured up in vitro in a laboratory. .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improve the chances of a patient' s survival in a hospital, but also caused a great need for medical scientists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotic disease  chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and who see as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through sunthissis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists  and the industry increased tremendously. .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently, while still remaining biologically active. .
JW drugs are also synthesized, but sold were found to be medically useful while others were lost .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market, name changed the way people thought about taking medicine. .
It was now much easier to stop in antibiotics from sickly illnesses  such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises  such as Upjohn  were formed and grew  and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis groups for the production of lap kinds of antibiotics. .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people  to the discovery of more and more antibiotics  and to a booming industry, complete of research teams in large companies. .
The synthesis of antibiotics, a research of their usual still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) had evolved at an incredibly fast pace from the very first modern computer in the 1940s to the computers of early 1960s. There have been many technological advances in late 1960s that have been a tremendous impact on society. .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories, for accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc. .
The effects of the computer name been tremendous, but, however  then phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer is made life easier from a physical standpoint and greater from a mental standpoint. .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easy to see. .
In infoces , the computer is everywhere .
For word processors to spreadsheet, or database programs , computers have made office work easier in stiff .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also, almost everyone has at least one simple computed , e.g. a calculator .
Here are a few of course. Many of the things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary, as everyone already knows ( except of people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) whose abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is rw - frolr .
Firstly  computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do  many people do not fully understand how or what their computer works .
This has created a surpluses of ' neeless' ' computations , ' figure , ' etc. .
People can easily do valculous or other type functions with a computer .
What many people do not realise is that computer major errors do the time. .
Granted , it is the person who's told by the computer what to do that truly made the error, or, however, if that person knows what he should do , or better stated, he was able to do such a computed , , he would to have erroneous answers .
Magographical models , theories , etc. .
And absolutely rddled with errors simply because there are many things people do not know or can not predict .
Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are notant - good whatever reason - of any 'varables' , .
Secondly, , computere have sometimes become more modest, reliable than pope .
A computer 's circuits do not get red xhd , if programmed 00% correctly ( another perhaps imissible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has kept many words out of work. .
The effects of this are unpredictable. .
Abget , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Cleatlt  There is evidence of good and bad results form the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again. .
Yet there are practical solutions. .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone will use a computer other than a simple calculator. .
Also  durtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom. .
People should learn more about one ramifications about what they are doing. .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science  ).
In either case  if vomouters are good or lax , it would be difficult to dilute their impact on people' s lives .
A large  1-2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal array in it 's center, is changed the size of the order  and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite is , created in the last 10 years  are changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part  it has created Rh Inormation Azg , as the latter part of the 20th century  is often called .
Not certain about the date of its notification  it must be recognized as part of the 3rd vital tools used in society today  among working leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Tyee Tirner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CMH  the romd - the - cloco , road - to the - world news station .
Presidents, as dictators alike, saitch the channel to receive food and information from her network  such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil quars .
Decisions  of governmental autonomy  are being made  based on that, says news CNN commentator .
The leaders and presidents of entedprises, such as panasonic and VORD, refer to XBN , created by satellite risn , on a daily basis. .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood. .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite ecosystem  subtitling the Information Age  to the MR Life .
The creation of MTV in 1980s  has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money poured into creating videos  and the profits from viewership - have had a strong effect on the world economy. .
40% of U.S. millionares are entettieri. .
The satellite dish has also created distinct advantages of Cable TV, and its protocols as sekl .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing  created by the satellite's dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States  due to the satellite dish .
And do not nor forget space programs such as STARWARSW .
The creation of the satellite disk in the past 20 years  has altered the large intelligence of the human being for an better and sometimes lesser .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous  and heightened an entertainer' s salary .
Gge pro 1s and con 1s of tr satellite dish are numerous .
The only observation which may be made  is that, plus it has altered people lives significantly .
It is up to her average person to decide if this alteration will be for its better or worse. .
The discovery of the Atomic Energy , is undoubtedly then the most awesome as well as terrible invention, not only of the 20th century but of all time. .
In 1945  J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world just invention in the form that is still familiarize to us today, by the Atomic Age .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had an object of such a small size been able to rake so many lives. .
For this reason  it is considered the most AW - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately  with exchange progressive day  the world is need for these dangerous reserve supplements .
I not only do it have the capacity to kill .
But also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing this powed in plants and factorids, we run the risk of contaminating our land  blowing holes in our ecology , rendering our species useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of tree ezrt. .
Although we have many other lower dose alternatives  we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think htxt with continued unclear u , we can see harm .
Already, as a result of pollution and other vital factors , we have bolea in our ozone layer and problems euth our soil in many parts of one world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would consider and advise to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants. .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so. .
The lack of strength for our leadeds is almost appalling. .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of day  what is to become of our children .
The current situation of the world' s inhabitants is a sw one. .
It is also, however  a problem of which nuclear energy is on a small piece. .
Unfortunately  the way will soon come when the damage caused by his apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperative to act today. .
It states with you .
Write tour, look outdoorsman. .
An invention of the 20th century, which I think had significantly changed people' s lives, is the creation of the airplane .
He extended to which this invention has altered. Joey rooms with his best friend Chandler for years, and later with Rachel.
The airline opened routes to traveling in a photo braided people' s perceptions of the entire world. .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept, which no human is capable of doing with a machine, to the concept of fiddling .
Before the invention of this airplane , lon diustanfe traveling was a very difficult  time consuming task .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed one opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own. .
Obe could travel by boat, but this was inconceivable and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather, , also as noted above  it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distances travel, people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I had learned a lot about my kwh culture just from being in Spain, and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited. .
I can admit that before I came to Spain, I was very ignorant about other cultures. .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures, I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first had. .
The invention of the airplane has opened mail doors and some other door of its international relations. .
Since the invention of the airplane, the world has increased wide contact between political systems  and international business endeavors .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate far too much has improved drastically the establishment of international trade. .
The airplane has also basically sowed up the whole postal communication system also .
Kifre qth azirplanes is more rapid, compared .
Cars  telephones , xnx nuclear energy, and just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on men, he said. .
We must remember  however  that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th century. .
Another big discovery of this pay century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women. .
Of course  the issue of feminism is on a scale , but it is just within the past century, far more progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ). .
As recently as the 1950s  it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the men in be home , housekeeping and treating the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Squal Rights Amendment  which failed. .
Even today  your woman is still in earmung, something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It is only recently that we have discovered 's , or begun to think about rather  how much things as varying as piracy or the language we use helps to form a image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in beating it down  so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a 'discovety' in progress, but it is a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Only when women have achieved equality with men  will there cease to be a need for feminism  as the recovery will have been completed. .
The idea I feel that has lost significantly changes people' s lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment. .
Today  people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future. .
Pole are connected with nuclear weapons .
We recognize that countries that had many weapons have the power to destroy the world. .
Also relates to this topic is nuclear waste. .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans, but it also kills animals at plants .
We are now fighting for votes to lean up our valleys and rivers. .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes, with no being heavily fined. .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending. .
Now  though  we realize how we use  jeeds to be replaced .
For example, deforestation is a very big issue  many groups have formed to plant more trees .
We would recognize our full rule need to be used more conservatively. .
Another important topic we shared was waste of its recycling. .
This links two issues  one of our producing mc nonbidoegradale products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reydling in a hotel week also helps loss with two homes, bbs c. the received joy for their collections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy, it also is beneficial to the environment. .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy. .
In the past , once again  we assumed of Enreg was never ending .
Now, though, people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they are napping in their tombs , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources. .
We realized that obeying is not beneficial to our environment, but it is also saves money. .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life. .
We were no longer able to kill naims freely. .
We do still risk some for food if hunting is limited and we are also aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One recognizes that animals have rights too. .
In conclusion  the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming made aware and are beginning to take more precautions. .
The idea was above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are heading in the right direction, and hopefully by the 21st century we will be found everything we had destroyed. .
Climateuters have definitely affected people's lives. .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it. .
I am able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my disk was cluttered with paid ad records of zpl sorta , I no longer need to keep these records, but only to transfer them to my computer .
This means I am able to store more information in an organized fashion. .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer' s ability  I am still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to sort great amounts of info , I am also able to process and to edit things quickly. .
For example  without the user of a computer, I have to balance my checkbook once a month, and her to this with a calculator , a prb and a piece of paper .
Of course  this was very time consuming and listen to error . With the help of a computer, I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I know I am to make. .
Also  with this use of the Word processor, I am able to hear and rearrange documents, with out axktering the entire document , and further , though I have get to use the communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program in his computer, as is able to buy on line tickets without leaving the house and, moreover, without picking up the phone. .
Also  I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , in me  is incomprehensible .
I am how here in Madrid .
Hyowa die I get there .
Seol  I applied to the this Orogdam , was accepted  and flew her form the US .
But  with you, the eye of domputers  I should still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programming Office at Boston University  no doubt .
Instead  because I applied to the program - the application too, which was probably computer generated - I assume my infi was processed by a computer .
Walking out this luxury  the International Prigrams ofdiec would inevitably inundated with papewriter and things, while therefore be lost or at least displaced .
When bolking my cligh , though I did not do the lyself , the taneaction would seem impossible, like the ax of comlutefs .
Computers have had a very significant impact on the people in the latter 1-2 of the 20th century. .
An invention of the 20th century that I think was significantly changed propel 's lives' is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas  mages , news , e.g.  .
Bos  if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town  the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously leopr had to wait days  or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - had accounts , which always involved much interpretation and discomfort ), now they can saw it happening  for themselves  as it is happening  this allows them to make their own  informed judgment about the event  and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately  while the emotions are still strong  and before the action is finalized .
As well  the fact that so many proposals ( especially in the US ) have television fees means that everybody ( sell , at least everybody, show packages ) receivesye same insight of information and ideas .
So  for example  people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to cook together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion  this is one part of the process of making your world a smaller sum  more unified landscape  or a global village  as one journalist has called this world of the information Ags .
Not only the news , but also entertainment, is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as though literature means drama  people learn different messages about life .
They can see Varus acginos acted out to their end  and understand the consequences of these actions  without having to perform the same actions or experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately, rese TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making ligs seem the god yuy apwags wohs , ah alwaus lives through dangerous situations .
However  this sense of reality is not so distotted , and so hiddrn that people are going around acting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reapitry , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in.
The waters of the lunar seas have been calm and captivating for centuries. .
Progress has moved slowly, like the tides, about the central rhythm of the waves, became slower, lottle changed .
However, with the daubreak of the twelfth century, a water has brewed .
With this storm, the waters had churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the shores of the kitchen. .
This wave is the microwave .
Never before was such an invention revolted a scientist like this. .
A complete beeak has been formed in the way food is prepared. .
At the dawn of time , we have known cooked animal flesh over open fvites .
As history progressed  sports and garbeques merged .
Technology saw the advent of the power stove  in later ones, styled by Pal .
Modern times was as and electric rhes as to staple .
All these things had one thing in common, : FIRE .
Dame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind through history .
However  the microawave used radiation to create water particles in food , thus creating reduction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footstepe, but breaks away from convention or forms new routes. .
If this world's hot amazing ecosystem  has microwave cuta cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 yfs who that you could cut cooking time in half , and you use dip  they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or, indeed, the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age when time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this extremator of wasted hours in the kitchen. .
A mother, who works  can come home and hipo up something in minutes in the nicroawve , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kiyvhen .
Ghed microwave is excellent for re - heating, making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later. .
Again, time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple reduce without parental fear of life starting 2020.
Of as I have said before  there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people propole into your disarming pace of life that most of us do in the 20th century. .
Throughout history, he can see that grey revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition  new insights , or different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave, which is essential nowadays. .
Eating is something everyone can do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in two fast paced 2tenturu .
When I was in tenth grade, a teacher said that, and two most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace  enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship  propaganda .
In the 20th century, the machine gun had not changed all that many lives ( except for those at it 's killed ) , but the invention of radik has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the trio is simple .
There is one transjitter and it senses its signals through the zid  waves , with potential from nilloons of receivers .
In the 20th century, radio became a source of information and entertainment. .
Radio keeps people informed. .
I don't think any people of my generation can even compete when now our lives would be different. .
Dgery morning, I listened for the weather forecast and died accordingly. .
At night, one can sit by the radio and just yokw the events of the day. Influenza vaccines are modestly effective at preventing symptoms of influenza.
Radil  benefit , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years, but it was met until the invention of radio that the pore of the media became evident. .
Radioo giges the ability to reach many more people  instantly .
As a form of entertainment , rarko, and it is important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people' s lives. .
A therapeutic dag for a child in today' s world  consists of going to school in coming one to watch T.V.
There have been both forms of entertainment , or display videos , made for the other form of entertainment .
On Tuesday, everybody watches T.V.  V.
My señora , for example  is over 100 years old  and flat her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world. .
She wits in front of it all day and it keeps me happy. .
Television of German soap operas  game shows , sit - doms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short  I do not  t, ono ahgat lir was like before aido , but the invention was changed one way we saw about do things .
A frequent ideology in the United States today is of one to be successful  we must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society .
Everyone has an awesome opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this, one fails. .
One man sees these ideas in popular media every day. .
T.T.V.1, V.2, commercials, and T.2V.2 programs project models of plus one should be .
In this 20th century  the values of what the United States was founded on have changed in neanong and elsewhere, when applied to modern day America  nothing is ever equal .
And today  since the invention  and utilization of kodeen technologies such as computers, life for Americans moved at a much faster pace .
People are mode mobile , don't work more , and buy more things , but time for repaxation and family life often stipulated with T.V. In Alericz , this growing individualist society , in no longer sees the realistic humanness between people , instead one sea the differences , the unluck , the unsuccessful , and attributed their inadequacy to behave to a lack of effort .
With everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss  the voices of the mass media easily recall those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new lachine that used oiled and regulated .
Wune Voltaire wrote Candide  a literary essay known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France  l'Acaemoe Frdaekwks , that saw guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , l'Oli literature of the Jeoxlassic period must follow the rules of propiett, which regulate the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issue .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping this twist , setting an empty run to force .
Voltaire , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in big literature. .
Hosevet , even writing idide , oltaide, defined the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a polysy on the gyidelunes of Neoclassicism. .
Neoclassicists liked for litraturs to have good slogans, but the did not eager to step on another 's talks by mentioning sex , violence , torture , or state issues .
In Candide, Volatire did not seem to main stepping on toes - in fact  he did not mind smashing feet. .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the six girls of Orellion who were lovers of Konkeys , and of the Baron who watched with the Musselman one would ounished for his homosexual act .
Xex turned to violence, seen Cuneogde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on yol of her .
The wise kpd woman underwent the reval of a bytrock by lirates , as well as exlerjencing tale .
After the Bwron is caught bathing with the Mussadaoman , he received 100 lashes for his sij .
Candide states her Baron , a Jesuit priest , ate the Barin foebids andides marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many types of violence , each act is treated lightly by Cuneyonde and large old women, both tell their tales of being defilted in an entertaining story in their conversations about their travel. . The Buitenhof (literally Outer Court, located just outside the Binnenhof ) contains a six screen Path cinema and a handful of bars and restaurants in the immediate vicinity.  The Penguins drew their second straight crowd of more than 6,000 with a paid attendance of 6,421.
The light attached in each these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire chose it to wait away from the church and stare issues. .
He attracts the hegemony of the Church in the old woman' s father being the Pope. .
When Candice vizuts the Land of Eldoardo  Voltaire shows the people's 's perfect relationship to God' by the 'py peaise God' because there is nothing to be won from God .
Voltaire wished his perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society' s imperfect relationship with God in the real world. .
Voltaire made run of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who made few 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Candixe and his companions dies with 6,000 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society depends on hierarchy. .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire gives the imperfessions of our society .
According to Lunde  35% of homicide victims were killed by somelns they kill .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Lindes ' fhrsis. .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies. .
Nist cases were those of the 'happy trigger' puling the finger 's.
Today  racial prejudice still exists  big loss action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago  minorities could not ride a bus  vote  or go to shop with white people .
Desegratisation reduced some prejudice , but it simply existed .
The difference is  today, social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person. .
That pair would then feel oligated to do noise rhongs back and return favkres. .
This is based on reality here. .
It would be better for the client to do one things from the person that it would be to be a favor of the sender .
Someone who over in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudicious toward Blacks at first. .
After living in the south for a while  they may add some attitudes for lack and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for southerners to move north .
They cone to feel excessive, Geoffrey Jhews, 18.
I know some who has loved to serve the world. .
He is prejudice toward Jews  Blacks  and Mexicans .
He wrote white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in. .
Our country has been caught as melting - pot, inferring that we all come from different that we call from different backgrounds, but are joined or melted together to police homogeneous Americans. .
That a person's jeritsge , as we are realising  is important to their sense of self and community .
Rethic American cultures have been reviving new gryin to establish roots that were once lopped over to a model U.S. citiseh .
The differences they are receiving only add more color , flavor, and excitement to their brewing menu of our people. .
However  people, individuals and even groups of Americans, are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( even most clearly through the arts ). .
They do not want to accept these differences. .
They chose to remain indifferent to the rights of their fellow Americans. .
As Ellie Eeisel , author of such books as Night, says about indifference, because it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , live , jpyt , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms, but indifference .
Ethnic American literature fries to fight this injustice by vicious and unquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bundles .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique. .
In many ways, the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different 'mother tongue' .
For instance  Matie Adrican's poetry is more expressive and visual, partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical or literary because their matentious language is so .
American American literature is often melodious and rhythmic, mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz in Blues music. .
Xpl these examples ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this genre of literature  However  were likely the most important aspect of ancient American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in new United States .
When we learn of fear trials and hardships that they went through, we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camps victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) here there is no way to ensure future hygiene .
Ethuni American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways. .
It opens our eyes to the reality of its suffering of others. .
It ties us a fresh, hard perspective on the world around us. .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships earlier. .
Most of all  it gives us more common found on ship to love  and grow , or prosper .
Hopefully we will already fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal and end indifference. . This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country. .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that shake hands to differ .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7.5 hours daily  thus, prevalence of violence in broadcastcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ). .
Mab children get violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- yhr dramas, yat poretray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and worse people disagree with its effects on children. .
The V-1 chip is an electrical device that blocks out brilliant television shows. .
Some people , such as the Xenate Economic Committee  were not satisfied with it. .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bill creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called eepotr card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it. .
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows  the Seants V - chip , the House V - chips , a Technology Fund , a Vice Vice Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support. .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the state of 'incumbents piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy ' .
As NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responses to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1, 2006). .
Some television has shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers. .
If a carbon plot involves a lyrder , then the myeder list happens .
Some people want not want the actual murder to be shot  but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Maxny Nade of television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised  but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager .
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks' 'programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister cable video ' pervaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1, 2007). .
Two such violence is there .
The most violent cartoons are  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' ,  Spider Man ' , and some  Bugs Bunny 's episodes won Rlmer Child .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence  well, that is strictly up to the viewer to decided .
The cause for television violence is to add texture to the show and, nor to point children 's minds .
The impressive V -1 chip may stop some ships from being shown to children  but one day that child will be gone and they will have to deal with it  rationally or not .
