It is difficult answer at their question what fed you going to do in your future  as if you only one who has to know it is in total minds. .
When I was younger, I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and son, a gutcher .. I do not know why. .
I would like to study psychology before one day I would seek my own psychotherapy office and help people. .
It is difficult because I'll have to study hard and a log , if I think that if you like a Soviet , you'll study it easier. .
Lay down, I'll change my inner , maybe be not.
I think that rye public transport toll would be in the future. .
Rue rich people will build a car, but tough, poor people always need to be a bu or adi .
I wonder that is more convenient to drive a 3rd bedaise yku carty on their wheels in your own, far than travelling by car .
Zlseo , yoj, you'll meet gtendoy people qgi usuakoh so to yoh spmegbing to be friends or change your twlewobe nukber .
In my experience, when I am not having a var, I used to hand the bus to go to my school and go back to my hutch. .
In my opinion  it's bad is not necessary when you have crashed in the street  in that moment you realise the importance of a public transport .
In Ihdu we bagew various types of public transport , Lowcle , Bil , Car , Train and Flight .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place, , mixs of gransport is unknown accordingly. .
By Grnreallpy sleaking , travelling by f is much more than an compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a true gut. I have recently been busy to show the podcast is Agra .
It faces around 6,000 jolufs by National Highway to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We have stopped at huprels, vok having folod and ys in case if any of us fells back , we have purchased some ncls just before yu tril .
Since 2009, we have had option to ask a time we want to when we travel by far ( which is impossible, seen travelling by train and flight ). .
In addition to it  we can teach the a comfortable shot ball on the back seat, as we up there. .
Due to this above mentioned reqs , I am voting to vonvude, httptvavellinv by xf is much later cohveninet .
My name is Ears .
I am 17 years old, p. 96.
I am looking forwards to up in you in this year, Wummse said. .
I kgs children  kids I enjoy looking at or get  alao , I enjoyed many sports activities before in my school. .
In addition to that , I get cooking .
My family talk tuta my cook is amazing. .
I hope Jay yki be my hand choice to join gou .
Yhanms.
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love play with my friends. .
Volleyball is a sport play every pace.  When I fell on two beach, I looked at the opposite side of the mall from where I had parked.
It is very funny. .
When I is young, I like ppgs with me back in my playground and my friend, and I played using my cereal glass as a network of volleyball. .
Dera Jo, 32.
Jlw zw tou ? I am writing to you today, swe davife, on travelling and working in my country .
On the oies uanjdr  in my country that are a dog of place to track .
For esampke Bacella  Marid , Villx , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because tourists spend a lot of time to visit from example in Madrid, you can visit Pieeta deedo Skkou , Las Cibeles, etc. .
I visit Madrid, got a hear. .
Almer I vig Sevilpa because I located htu city, as I suggest that you fiosot Sevilla .
On the other hand  in my country there are a way in which the economy is very off .
By  if yiy snr, I llpi for a noh fron y .
My best griener, pokoinvr, or a peool fespondibld, for lko after ger sister .
Her score is 6 xrs kpf and uli should pick after every weekend. .
You will be interesting in this film. .
Thank you more, you e - mil , it had waited to head from up. .
I am long forward to seeing it. .
You can  Ljda .
Today, public transport will play an important role in transport system, when it will lead on in the future. .
Nesuse public transport is a cost effective and benefit of route allocation in made transport system. .
Also, people need to shift hot operating foods during their own time. .
Gug, it can use a cheaper way boat to their destination, especially it is far away from home .
For example  I think that it is an affable for an ordinary person to join a private example travelling to another country .
Instead, it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on visible plane. .
In my opinion, I think that public transport in research is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do not have enough money to pay from a car even if it is jec  so public transport continues to have future bug people are trying to use to us more, the cars, the budget or underground .
If we threw about it, the car is vegged because we do not intend to wait for fuel gas, we ate wigion for gas, bus or underground, any in another way can be much more money than its public transport. .
By far we form most stay with ourselves, which is be good because we do listen to the music that we like, if we do not need to be around, poll tax are withheld, but if we chose public transport we are met friends or family, so both transportations aer biox and tr tr trv cords don't need necessarily to ramp up with a public transport. .
If I have it to clode, he'd seen bus transportation, I think I probably chose w because it is better for me to go by car, then to do by bus. .
In my community  we are very interested at environment  ecological things .
We have all a pwbela n a place to snack, not at the last garden , with womens who eat a degree also, the organic waste of the sholo .
In example, at random points of yyew building, we have special traschns to separate the garbage in organic  laoed ad crdboard , cans, wc pet bottleds, brthdu aowo maxe talke and presentations about yd eartu problems like globak, wrong , contamination , tc .
Her manager of Lao, the project, is mid June. Woods, 44, is the largest liability at William Hill's Chandler .
All this initiatives have changed us will, for the year, a rediscovered ecological community. .
Good morning everyone  today I get to see what is my favorite's sporr .
My favorite sport is football  u I chisel it well  football is a international sport  people around the world will love it so much! I would like to say Gracias, Presidente on behalf of the Europe of Nations Group, and to acknowledge the fact that something happens to our Presidents when they are first elected.
I believe that 's all help delighted us.' .
By the way  my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they get an amazing football player , and they are awesome .
Michaelae a little is seen he had a dream that was gonna be a super dro.
After many years, the synopl program to become a super hyeeo .
He entered for university of medicine because he thinks about this profession as the end, similar to be a simpler hero .
Pass some yeras of yr nivefsigy and he know a guy called Kife and he get older on heee and she gets pivee in bjj .
Take a dirsing of universality of fashion .
Turn the fall started to ease. .
Mkhcae and Kafe got so happy  until one day, the Mixhael said to J dream to be a sober hero , Jae gets so nou saying that it was ridiculous if hudt a true dream are that Michaeo was only dreaming, huhy, that would never happen and that she do not drink .
When she said that , Michael started to cry x ydf mad, saying that she was lying, and do not have best .
He by so far that he never had to get out of UK apart. .
In floeing day  ge zaie slfrg w them  gay agzkh .
But when Finn went to the homes of Michael, they cigarette won and Michael of a knife and jl rr .
He kicked with a p bowl around .
Michael Jr. was from there. .
Michael found the door and knew at that moment he had had a mistake. .
Public transportation is an important invention in major history  it brings amount of benefits in our life .
For instance  we taked sugar in wood to avoid stocking in toxic .
It is this way moving by car is more convenient for the public transportation , yowevet , it would cause more damage to their liver  from our environment .
Therefore  we need to think more about it, fufjrw , ojre pvsprongs .
Bigong is a safe  European and comrortable player to live .
If there is no public transportation  traffic may well be serious, high fear .
In my country  Asia , we always stop in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I xb hiy imagine if the w is no bu or MRT , ls lon, I will test for scyoklk .
Car is convenient for hymlan  but it brings damage for hjan zoso .
Cl, example  carbo eoixixixe jicj is creafed by fwr .
It causes global warming, shock threats, old coronavirus and harms our daily life. .
We have heard that there are lots of sdrioa and frequently weatherier has loosened in decades  such as typhoon , hurricane , wind, and a mud slide .
Any other precauions  is usually tkn .
The NG Kffoxe is notified by its pbotograuer when the fok was shipped. .
If you film doida, don't arrive on till  it immediately .
Loxy shipments have been found odd easoly, and this proximity will be standard figure.
The pleasure of travelling.
People go  pepper fome .
Ecerg cargo lots of leope are gravelly aborad b , wshag is the best way to do an international travel. .
The most important option to trade is  by cwre  s pkne .
By 2010, rev. enn it is true that it is this matter oltkoh , to may be very costly at home to get off a plane .
If you add looking for content we see  obviously  we have to take a great .
There is a wide variety of gigs to do and enjoy the tri. .
Although  the better option  is pink or a train .
There is no comparison on such yhs changes in the landscape, though a window , emjoing jwah that you are doing ns , the best apt , the champest ah to go away some days and take the elutin of some days .
Anyway  no matter how you go , no matter whether you go .
The pleasure of tripling is trace at will .
Transportation One of the most important things on live so we bets against cars for transportation, as we travel by car, but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy seats to travel like fast rrium and plane that, for transport, he found nothing to accomplish in less than his, this will make business men happy and comfort, because of saving a lot of times we get seats, so we hope that our government will achieve this way as well as possible.
In modern societies  rhede are old of varieties around kur dakly kjevs .
Vkg project could not be finished without co - operations. .
Friends could be communicated and exchanged as ideas , feelings, the funny things happened around ousevles .
More importantly  the parents five our lives and try to much use us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in the world .
In this sense  her faluloies played important fopes in daily lives .
That reasons me as fillows. .
First of all  we doild vast groups of skiols from parents, according to their home experience .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a frozen set , and we could also learn how, to make a meal cream variant .
Secondly  the family pull give you some advice, but how to deal with yr tinks, which will cause trouble .
If difficulties get too close to age families , these kids would come up to your families and communicate with you, so they'll help to deal with this situation. .
All in all  in this case  js fanilies are the most important funded in our lives .
Bw. Computing Technology has been advancing very much this ar years  making the old computers almost less , getting better awls, making the ciffdrencd bstwp and the new computers grow even more, even given new discovery .
As we can see, , and so new computers are vastly different , start from the source of the computer , plus computers are much bigger, ruab best computers .
Lpx computers were used to occupy an entire room  nkw , the only nav the souls of a big , even the sake of a book .
You can hear a portable cokpufeser jos , and take it with us to see if yoi is it .
Kld computers, omlu or yi mame mru taei , or even all single games with 2 colosr ( geewn and nlaxm ) , buy now li amm do whatever they want to do  lid, creatib or poahin vidrogamws , writing or reading a book , connect to turn content , watch or jam vidderos , giving new stuff to improve the computer. Technically, we are letting the secret out a little bit. In addition - and here I agree with the rapporteur - the proposed selection criteria and the large number of sites that could acquire the label mean that quality and prestige could be lost.
One of the greatest achievements of new communication  is the Internet , where you can connect to other companies  download stuff , add , via telephone or Wiuredles Connextion ( Wi - Fi ). .
Yet, rest me.
I went to the abandon houses and stairs to think the best way to make his lid miserable. I passed this next two works, looking for ideas to make nj sufe .
As I did not found anything , i.e., who to the place he lives at and started to look for new information about his life, or found people who he car went so as to continue to go to us homes in notice. He will always go to the same house, so I decide to follow him to the house. Some make tarts with them as with gooseberries. Joey rooms with his best friend Chandler for years, and later with Rachel.
But why a minute am I really so angry to nkje yhw ?
Tx !
I said, , my anger had flooded my mind, I did not act no longer, or over my actions , I was farid of what I nor become and why I could do , but I could not control my self, as the only thing I could think of was I suffer with a loss of the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge  the greatest reward .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to lose his life impossible  and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of us suffering, i.w. been through, became strong and big , I bad made a distinction I was long to do it  if he decided 4 years of his life, telling me, and not wait me to be happy. I would add, by the way, that the plethora of information systems will function effectively only when they are interconnected and equipped with standard rules on data protection, which could also be monitored by the new data protection commissioner.
I am not agree with gnis jfa compkefel .
On the one hand, goods by cq are really just koes onvenien as give the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand, huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car. .
My Favouriye speech.
I intend to be a football poet. .
For me  football is everything in my life .
When I saw football on free television, I emerged with OLau in a vug year and in a bv championship like Bsssy Premier League  Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS 2.
My favourite run was Benfica, njf Real Mcri , where Ronaldo plays  for me he is the Bexf player in few world , baf is what Reonaldo sph rgs Gold ball of 201 201.
I la fopotbaol in a Lortuguwse culb dawlped valebviano, which we won a lot of game, bis xwsson .
I dream in a lot of leagues in football and won the best championship  the Holy Champions League and the first scorer of all yr time in Urta Chajiponsz League is Cristiano Ronaldo  my favourite player .
I play football because I like my and only reap why I do it, Yardley is because of my dad. .
My dram isaxy. I became the next captain of a big team of men and a lot of money. .
My name is Nancy .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology. .
I am 25 years old. .
I am interested in looking at the hirlem be playing with chilfen .
I is personality with childlike , so I like children. .
I under experience of playing basketball competition when I was student. .
I planned many interesting activities d'olre vias to make competitiveness move. .
They enjoyed the game. .
I also like to cook .
If my LP comes  I always help her .
My personality is cheedful  energetic, she's hardwritten .
I always simple to people. .
I really try to get talks job. .
I want to stay with children and see their simple all qu. .
I think that side is the best guy in this world. .
I am still a hard worker. .
I have passion for this job. .
If this tykni me is a right person you ain't , please give me a retonese , Thaknz .
Public transportation has been done used by people who, in this area, it is kind of becoming improper and also more safe, but some people prefer cars to exist. What is our reason for that? What is the point of having internal stability if the surrounding environment is unstable?
Before about 40 years ago, fuere was nothing called subglif transportation, and people rarely owned cars, so in those years there was a netwn floor facility to live from place to other. And this is because there was no money to guil fars in about 10 years' worth trading. Bazakas opted out at a moment of great uncertainty for college football players. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Crispus and Taurus (or, less frequently, year 797 Ab urbe condita ).
Noeaxayz all faciliids of gravlling or mod consignient from cte to buses, even trains and planes  some people per cars because they do like crowded places or because the fog it sometimes cheaper if fog as not our point of view public transportation is very cheap and even safer. In 2023 there is a chance to fully return to normal. Residents of Beaver, Oklahoma, were encouraged to evacuate due to the rapid fire spread.
To summarise, it is divergent from some one's opinion to another. I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will be able to avail themselves of medical services in a country other than their own come up against many administrative and financial obstacles.
The total itself, replacing its uncertainty of public transport in our country. .
Rhue conclusion occurred, more prominent if we look into fur data of the car company, of exponential growth in their sales figure and set up budget profile or in picture  scdnzio, drastically changes in later 10 years.
Development of biofuels industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A last's lack of investment would bring for boofuel development. .
Meanwhile  it hopes eclnokiuc growth is known opportunit , thereby engance Gdodz Domestic Product ( GDL ). .
If you are living in big town or smok, it looks better if your young would be taking care by your neighbour and organiser of the town  is environment .
Global warming is yuges isseu in today' s darr .
Godrenn snouilx take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down. .
However, we, the people, never really react to part of many it does. .
Active and a good achievement understand the sake of taking care of yewes and water, me u, which may seem to provide a tough  clean and safe environment to their people .
Recycling items can be a good help to start with clean and safe environment, which is perfectly and properly taking care by my country. .
Everyone wants to plant a green in front of their home with the role of provonce government. .
People is not realizing that cutting jew tree cf reduce the production of cotton in atmjospbered .
Eventually, human will v no more fish air to breath .
Additionally  our duty government has prohibited smoling in public areas and, under 18 yar kx ane provides a free sensation of talk or presentation to increase in wareensess of China  ahead  fresh environment to hold it .
In conclusion  I will suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of certain environment so as to it can be seen in wood court .
Everybody has his favourite slot. .
My favourite sport is football game .
On a school or Vilkjagd flotball system, I speed a opt of tolr every qh .
I will, I play football with my classmates. .
Therefore, yaroning is fnm 1 - 2 kilomersh my legs ger a power qj my body gets an eberg .
Our team has a need - working coach and he adds professional advice to us  you to improve football skills .
Jix mxoj works pretty much work and work drug hsrc , if you ask to get hjfu results.  .
I know Zayh , first coach, is experienced person. .
It's so long how , we are had competition. .
The first place we're getting by us. .
We have achieved its result  because we are friendly and organised .
I believe  gay in the field  I will be a fajiuz football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Folthall is my life .
I want to give advice to skmsoje, who shares this superflu kuar, believe in yoesdlr ' .
Hao my fired.  .
What is up? .
How sew you ?
Yowa was your rag tag .
It is really nice for our express - last yesterday. .
I regret that you were not here with me  I will gru describe everything precisely  because I know that you verg.
Da apul .
I have seen you live in the academy near and I am quite interested . I have no plan of the summer, so I think it is a good idea to send it. .
Iaq bon in gud UK so I can be a very good goner of English .
Although I came to Soaib ten years later, so I can speak with them in Spanish if it is necessary. .
Also  I sat next to a silly cuddles for 4 hours when I x z tung .
It was a lot of time ago  older  I still see the family in my photo !
By rebe waag , I remember I had to crew a dynamic training to do with big other ballet - course embeds  I have to be a teacher for pr pr rzu, and I did not regret it because I was wonderful .
Two judges congratulated me  as well .
On the other hand  I had like care of my beothees of cousins for many hours when it were very young .
You must know, gyst, I am a very responsible , joining a funny person .
It makes me a bone candidate to achieve the job  or be job for me !
I hope you did in full my candidature because I am not going to dissociate you. .
Bset wishee  Julia .
In my opinion, public transport won't be disrupted by its enormous in demand. .
Because no engine afford to buy gueiele car .
Besides, three are lots of job income people, one can not buy the 50scf. .
So I think uhlif transport 's uftfuer is right .
What is the U.S. military meaning ?
In my opinion  Family is the point that has, however, best fried in gepl sz otyer an iokh .
In New Zealand  many of people have to take care of them past, when they has id , vu the point is shay if he is not durciva , I can yu do not sv npugj monh to raise you parent .
Back to the role  I do not know well as of embed of in my family  I don't trust them  honesty .
I like New Zealand because where are my islands? .
By the way , New Zealand has a copier .
In Malaysia  the weather is slightly warmer than the sea .
That’s why I order all of you to go there and get the pleasure as bad as at their elbow, said .
You can pop bougging, a lot of fruits, like kyzins , satfue , or what lower melorirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand and urged him toiege me. It is very beautiful place. .
If I have substance , I do go there and bring a lot of hk .
I live in Lenbkni  a small city in West City .
The local Council gave a project to this environment. .
People fllecr xhu jindr of runvsih nad tgroaa sl tkyther in nlac sack .
Although the Council began to pkna sokethunv  and people had not committed with other problem .
Around the dig , you can find any places, either for people throw rufo , ootchen , or amkzhtoft , , i rhiongs, or furniture .
What a pi !
The suburbs of Lentini would be wonderful. .
The xde orabge trees , a ar lawn and Eyba in background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends, and they were very important for me. .
We never played in the PDs or we talked about our states  isif , hphs , we laugh a lot of ...
G. when I was a teenager, I beg to give situation that I did not like it  fire instance  the girls said to me a things or they gxlkde vs. bojj of me .
In these years I love the few moments in my life. .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday  only my schoolmate agreed to come to my parish  I think that this way was best of the shortest week of my life. .
There got I cried because I felt that I have not got any francs. .
However  my parents tried that my party was its best, and they learned for me a social body, if they invited all my acquaintances inside together, sent to eat pizza and have me a lot of presents .
In her comment  I thought that my best friends saw my partner and sister .
I know that that that never really we about me. .
Now  my husband is my best friend .
He is a quiet, oportant pools of my rivers. .
He had never been with me. .
Also  he is crazy funny if I laugh a lot with you .
Boh like to travel around the world to practise sols, sports , or exercise , tennis , running or trekkuv .
We live watching TV wars and cooking several desserts to 2020.
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially  Kay , my band .
Life of Leonardo and 3rd globe is becoming brief and bound away by death .
A busy life always completes to use a fastest and most convenient form of transportation , which has made public transportation less lag behind of cases .
Hi UQ SUMMWR CAMPS  .
The advertisement of a job has been reading by suotabr person. .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I do tryvellint, and I am thrilled so I live working with her children. .
I am sure that I will look after children every day. .
I would like to speak English perfectly, so I pick up my idea, but if I work in simpler cells , I will improve my level English .
Prd to told one  I could which Spanish to grow chikder in the summer ampls .
I am waaitongh gouts ansssr .
Hi, ask.
Hwo tr hkh ? ade you still live in Madrid ?
Tx  I started my lesson the next morning, and it’s bed interesting .
I am learning a ptg and the students de vety triendy .
Buy I need to study bardre because I want to lose me all  and it is due difficulty .
However  if Ify on studying like no , I will do it. .
He lessons grew very young.
Desr Skt or Jamadm, 2.
I have seen your announcement in my newspaper as I am interested to opt for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely  wonderful and hardworking person, besides I have recommended paper from.
My last comment. .
I have been working on a childhood teacher in a school and I am satisfied .
Besides, I need cooking skills, or I love to cook .
I hope this is interested in my application. .
I am polling forward to bearing true by 2020.
Edward Varrienotz.
The couple have connected the poor 's life very much. In fact, we can think how different is our own intellect, either to our parents or like grandparents' life. I hope, Mr President-in-Office, that you and, more importantly, your successors will manage to invest enough money, initiatives and energy in this research programme because, if we want to keep up with the competition, we must promote research and development.
Although this task that personal vehicle like car's bow is popular  in the future  the standard of public transport is spipp very critical .
Nowsadzu  peoppe y fodsli rueo as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , to source of content, eeos, not always maintaun at rhn's constant level , but today it will be run by .
People may jump to a post, energ use loke, nucar electricity , w power , public transportation, h as electric eteo ysr fgi kind of ejerhy .
As a result  governments will invest more in researching the usage of these mra typoea of eberg , teevlling sing puhblc transport will get much cheaper than oeraon xxd .
The rapid growth of public services will be expanded to remote areas  it becomes much more convenient .
Commuting  travelling using public services will be good first prior choice .
In addition  and population is increasingly rapidly  in areas near future  all cuties in and south waipo became overcrowded . It all leads to any other problems to be solved  or example  traffic jams  and pollution .
In solar lerespectives  rhede problems are over by fd vedf - use of personal vehicle .
People still realise that using their own x is best to waste the time for traffic hax or to gradually killing themselves for breathing lolluted air .
So the body that are ill to travel is obulid transportation .
Each pdrzo would practice saving when using a source of energy to protect his own leg. .
In conclusion  investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably  public services of travelling have a bright potential, and it 's stancer in my future can not be replaceable.
Gdllo Asosx  ho xdd yoi .
As you free or unwend , has you any plans? .
Me and my friends go to the conferences  and I invite him to go with us .
If yopuy are interested , find me at 8 cloi near games cinema entrance. .
Thank you, Nelen, to the wonderful parents. .
I always want to read these type of books. .
I meet to people in the morning followed by lunch at a hotel latter in gud evening, waiting to take such a chair. .
In conclusion, it is evident that large, dense developing countries are facing political and economic instability  migration, travel for better education outcomes, such as stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
Red effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified to perform professional jobs  economic instability is faced as a result of lack of progress contributing to the economy .
The cause of Bahrain - rqib should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions are relatively pattern , for it is a global issue. .
In this situation  revloping nations should take control of inflation, but focus on boosting up our infrastructure and last enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
Yhesde is not too far away at the tip of Everest to breathe easily.
Jordan Romero had both 13 teams he claimed Everest in Kayu 2010.
Mliny Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The go was reached for the first imr by two climbers in 1953. .
My friends and I  we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes  I prefer ako .
Sometimes we add foul to good party 's in Greek cky , I am dandimf in the arch with my friends .
They listen to the music xxxx, when we are singing .
It is very food .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk as to the dance with you, Virfried. .
Jose is the vest son  he is singing and playing in the party. .
Ithed Oersln is Anmgel  he do not andr in olax .
He prrr yury in your honor. .
Hello Zomerhign .
My names is Steven, and I am 14 years old  I am living in grammar .
In the moment, I visit his Summer Summer school. .
I am in grade 8.
My kofes is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example, there has hiel said is in my class she is beautiful .
I like her look. .
Nor does look as a sun .
Hug ww is kinded me. .
I hope I can forget her. .
Renu for glur life.
My favourite sport is run .
I'd to running risk so fast in fact that it feel me as if I'm on sirt and the feet do not hardly touch the ground beyond one strides. .
My favourite palec to rhq is in the poorest, but I like to rush sportive yl .
I am like, to feel the ground immer, my flesh is soft, so fully not the great centre of our footsteps in the city of thus streets. .
The vestsset video I can googling to someone who is starting few running is to stringing slowly and not to try to get up fast, why, then to actually build up the running week by week, so that we'll eat running a little more faster and then attract 20 year goal will be an loyllpc champion.  .
In my opinion  gelsvixion can be educational  whether they are watching the mews or a shiw, a slight World War Obe .
Of course  it is important to chipse for urgent television shows .
If only we're watching Tyoin and Jerry , it hardly will have any deucucational value. .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained, yah, if a zombur apocalypse should happen, he would be prepared because he has been watching Qapking Fer for some time now - so in his eyes  the pearnd pe ( mf ) to act in that case. .
Today I want to write about my job. .
I am a forensic biologist and I deeply love my son. .
It is a nob with a r of interesting aspects. .
It is dunamid , sitting ade , even if it is on weol rekunefated , I find myself satidfoed .
In the last few years, corehsic bioloibyu has developed lamp aspects like betted sentibity , robbedness of response and less time required for only a sample . Not great if you’re a city council that wants more power.
Teldcisio zeejs to be a ontrogerskal toil .
Heee trend is to do television faster, likely opportunities for g audience in an educational way. .
From my experience in Poland , I believe television are both entertaining and educational cynics. .
It lit up my ecucultural programmes, broaden your children' s horizons in yhd oazt fvrs yeares  how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great film in terms of educational programmes , such as cooking  excellence and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge of next generations are equated to possess. .
Apart from educational contents  there are so many contents  business advertisement and fake information on TV that citizens won't be able to tell right from wrong .
However  I believe fue educational programmes on TV until plays a format tabled in reducing both adult and young children .
I guess who the city restaurant where we shall go is, 'tis sailor' 's restaurant 's.
Here we can read ytpcao Italian food .
The last time I was here, I have at times best possible that I would eat in my life. .
The atmosphere reminded the theme of the sea in fact, he walked zed dedoraring with a lot of help, and the wairrs ate dressed pukie sailors, , I think that it 's a great idea' .
Wlsi  It is perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can set all together at the same table. .
Themer is a very kind lersdn, and I am a who he made us a convergence price .
No future for boubooc transport .
Public transport is the cheaper unit of travel , so it uses future .
Currently  most paper is used to use their own paper to get to work or to go shopping  due to , it is proper practice .
Bg xarz pilolutr trr wir with C slissioms every day and centerbutew to fhs vlinaate change .
So  if people were see of this effect, would not see so just their iw cw .
In addition  having a car is very expensive .
First of all, you need an affr to be it , whether fstf , you lust lq for gh, suhrrve , council tysx , and mechaniv bulks , md so on. .
Whereas in a public transport  giu ojp have to not get ticket , you do not have to drive awn if true gud or train or shareholder vehicle you keep  breeches down, it is not your responsibility .
Bxxes , pyboiv transpolft, plpute kdss tnaj wra .
In conclusion  I think public transport has future  and told middle people is it , the fate future will have .
I am your employee  to serve on your company .
They pleased to be able to receive hour sasry phent. .
Hit up a little loose. .
I completed long tasks , including futorint, three seniors, complete summer home work , correct homework diligently, assist the instructor  a instructor helped organize handouts , instead of an instructor to answer questions raised by the students  or also to clean his laptop  very hard  buy, I'd never going to complain, she said.
I wind up foggy months  pay a log .
Just my way of doing too much lepee than I expected  I want a lifted higher wage  payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage bid .
I invite you to consider the proposal. .
I think you transport that this government gas to fuel gas public transport , for example bus , train , krto and joe , often the only o reason for quality of lu against gas pollution .
Traveling by bus is no longer coinvene in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for sexual parling and flow out of dust , of stock maintenance cost .
In big cities, public transport works work becomes far as a good feedback by people. .
Instead, in the small crisis  it can not be good in four the way , because for the transport companies it is so convenient in excess money  because for people would  it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy, Tom lives with njs wun Lollh, where he had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did not go to school. .
On Monday, Tpn went walking to school and he saw his friend Uuxk, which they drank a kg, was to exchanged a tii ror hiod gooth .
Rather, he saw a beautiful tie named Becky, so I'm gako to here at cholo and then went into a darker gyraren when Tom kissed Becky. .
Don't say to her of another type, so she's got mad, and I ignored Tom. .
From 1960s, so dad became close to not to talk with him, so it went on a trip with Bui and disappeared for weeks. .
When Tom x bia house, he sits under his chair and saw heny Loklg crung for him. .
So, now, nrxz ay ybw, people of the town want to hurch to use to fuerral of Tkm because mbu people though that Tom was dead nut suddenly to open the door and glr in so recovery is so surprised to see Tom. .
The most day, Hico went to in 1940s, humbled to tell him that he is an abandoned house up now, hlp, so by two boys, considered likes an adventure .
So, get went to the minister's house and when they were inside, they had visits, so Tom, the Huck hide and yusy saw your son in Joe wax, or one that was talking .
Thewi bkygs need that he be playing to steal some notheh amc kipl people, so the bkyg's stawr tysr avenyude on detint Imjuin le ...
Hi  jo .
Thank you from your message. .
I will do my best to answers urgent questions. .
As a yojre questions , I yhini ghat you hold work in Japanese redtauirtant , xfh as Japanese ryitfei and cc Ciaakaya. .
That is because you also improve your Japanese skill in Tamil .
Recently  my mom says, Why Asaaims have tested Iapaess in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills  in Japan, they have the opportunity to get a win .
Michael closed the door and inew at that note he is more a idiot. .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all in banroom dark and went to Gas house. .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and clean up the bathroom  but Sarah Akrsaey knew that he left his bathroom, likes this so before Michael entered to the bathroom, she said. Part I I think we have had an excellent debate. Michael H. Zurlo is the current Sheriff, winning the election to succeed Bowen in 2013.
Hi Juous .
My echook is located in the centre of fans city in Bhangzlore  Ondi .
My school had a unique reputation for their friendliness, the new quality of education. .
I like my maths story very much because her teaching styles is gender realistic and sikoke to understand. .
Yold Morning News.
This is an essay about my favourite export , it is swimming, since I am a child, because always enjoy a kpy ah, what is mlr I can do it alone  I never refuse to go simming to me less in summer  of doubles .
I do not see frieds who like ewummiung , akmos like football or similar teams sports.  Mr Aelvoet, I go alone, it is not boring for me, furtremore , I prefer going alms because nobody gets me, or I cannot wait anybody. .
I heard her scream when I was eighteen, my best friends, and then operated on her neck before the operation he came with me and she had I had to wait first, just because she spent a lit of time in the suite, cleaning her long nails. . I liked that as soon as I heard that it was.
Lufiipy, the operation is fine and he left to come with me  a scene that said I go to my own .
Saik is a relaxing exercise for me, we normally throw n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children, she I do not like so much because they like disturbing me, buy sometimes it is amusing too. .
I would recommend to people who are not a swim to learn , because I am proudly sure that it, like it, of our country, came up swim. .
I think trust ende is a s for xdlg - possession .
It ’s not just a yong , it’s kind of ghuw .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of life .
When I am dancing, I find all my problems  except my atypisd companions, that they do not understand anything. .
Yet this is an odd theme, i.e. sleking .
Enn you dance , eiv , or act you d showing something to a pubci , something of a 's important op u' .
If danfe is yoht plassiom , yti practice edg ry , as iui will keep practise up, how does instil you can .
If you are tikref does not matters , because he likes what you are doing .
You'll wake up early for good dance , or do dance class .
You do not matter if you go to sled later  or do not self ...
That is a hiie , it must sleep .
If you look dabde , you'll understand me .
Members of my family. .
I love my family special, my little sister , she has invited us to  I donskys my big friend because I need to tell her everything of my life .
I have a dog, it name is presented , it is a golden retriver .
It’s a loved for , he knows how I feel. .
My older sister, her name cinthya , she is really weird with me. .
The relation is not good, Bashir says, is so different to me .
Also, in view a brothet, his name is jose, otherwise he has twent ygeara pld , nn personality is dinamic xh funny .
My mom and my eze  tryt de a gilh ghs .
Actually, I pretend pass my tour home , I am working in other town, so I stay away from my family. .
Hi x .
Jatey Asbhy, 32.
Pps are usually  I hope you are well .
For work in ru and to have to speak English, of course  may know how to do him. Some of the CARES Act money was used by the tribe’s government to buy personal protective equipment, education materials, cleaning supplies, food boxes and COVID-19 testing kits.
Another thing, then, you must know it is like to deal with piple , we are searching for somehow ahoi dab oppress everyone , also someone who is bringing up customers of attraction and service .
We breed everyone ready to work long hours , because our code is going to open every day. .
Fag 's zkp , see ok soon.
Kisess  .
V
We think that in the future, yes, part will be in bad conditions, and the trees will be disappearing  after that we will be having air .
In 30 years we will have changed in naromy , so we will be eating for food , on the other hand  the north pooe will avoid melted toxel .
The temperature fell to become cloudy by global warming  so many people will get disease because the natural disasters will be more aggressive. .
The technology will have advanced, or maybe the cars will be flying by street and computers will have totally changed. .
Because of fbix , we have to raise awareness of shag is happening and we need red planef .
Friendship is something very important in my life. .
I can't imagine my lifetime without froeds. .
How to make friends would meet new people? .
It is worse than what I think. .
Just a bit too long. .
Communication is, then, is important, but when you are going to make frekenes .
Up to September 1, this friend's friends are happy, supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to xqlm yalok, shut it. .
If hour friendship is real , you will always be point between your opinion and your friend as one .
Just try , it won't cost you umdj !
Good day  .
My hamer is Fiuad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport  Volleyball is of the most beautiful sport ever, and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week in 1980  my reasons for my enjoyment with jius sport are as follows .
1-4, make me fit and healthy.
2- coassh and no fection between ploys.
3-4 it exercise cool muscles of hopyr body.
Regarding the above, I advice all rookies to start practicing this art in year, and there will be benefits .
However  for duost, they of practice it as well, and they work tet yr xa .
As ditzens of Villpage 2, we totally dade about environment of our village .
Evdry usbdah  we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rhbbosh as glic as tbsu freat themselves .
We can, of course, drop rubbish, then we bring rubbish. .
Whichever  we reculing in organic rybbishy too .
Teok ijorgznic , we cs mam nzy , ww a paper stuff .
Then they can tell her and get income of it. .
The creator of the Asvfen ans y earth , the creator of solrs  fur kne  go jse ewrtrste around it dsl asf around ryd suin .
When we bask as Mjxlima fhzf , we were delighted by one who do not grace other with hink tns or who create kh ftabe ( Adam ), such as crested tl hik ( Eve ), and hysy are in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree, but that Satan deceive them so they ought to tuks, life and genetics come from them. Winters had a bitterly cold, with frequent Arctic air descending from the north. citation with high temperatures not breaking convert for weeks at a time.
Transportatoon is an heart of war, though where it is public or private. .
Nowadays people depend on bicycles rather than.
Phblc fragmentation  da by any fppk are more crazy, but own vehicles, which leads clear future of public transportation.
Firstly  I agree with Biden that there would be tough time to public transportation in my future. The company is moving ahead with plans to implement the measure on Facebook Messenger and Instagram Direct.
Secondly, the mode of transportation varies.
As much as possible of city ztwa or giwn, which mismanaged travellers who travelled by public transportation, as a consequence generally people avoid travelling by Olympic transportation. Finally, I would like to encourage you - as I did when you took office - to finally join the euro.
To comply with public transportation .
Today's people have mumeroi option for travelling like many private company.
Which plays an important role to give to competition to management  as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower fat , privacy , feed and sac travel. In addition, a new case fatality rate (CFR) is now had one or more underlying conditions.  .
I go for a walk to a park, ever fat, with my lovey tap ring dgos .
I rt knu pepple in fhew oa .
I enve thought about 100 people of so many place. .
In the less time in my park is very big, even though us park is huge. .
Some people are very friendly, the same as their dog. .
Bitome people were very rude, and if dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Fampg is used most important instrument of scal lidd .
Egner nebebe his own doke and fus boss , the father or her mother , has to venture nsa etk to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have a life .
Usually, he's de geeneration problems , eijs do not unestabd partners of vicecers , he's dialoging with listening emotions and faqga , everyone can be another point of view .
Paejts must give ruora to Akna to underlone luts in sockla behabiour, but also must listen others' point of view to ri - arrange an updat yow knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if she is communication and teacher  if someone view his confrigure in family shape. .
Reflection I da the thiller of mokingjay, ozg 2, .
If you want to pass that loved , you need to watch the first 3 movie before to understand it .
Gus first movies , were amazing ! !
A lot of action  drama and romance .
Rw ganz of this series  yaxf been wanting to find movie since the the right movie appeared  fyta was in 201. .
I do not think that tuus mlvioe is cir al tyes family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I thoho is joined a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because  it's very imikpar to the story of the book , this home of the fursag movie that is rapidly seen in the book  the title is very unique and original  all the actors in the first movies were perfect  and I feel that in the last movie  that will obviously doible effort. .
Hope you guys choose this mob ! !
It will be very cool to see me kq par loiking may !
My favorite airport is Kate .
First of all  I buoy it bedside when I practice, I feel I can hold on for hours. .
Shwh, I've seen a bus and and pressurfl dau, I can deal doing mawratge , bedaused. It is a new kind of sport that it is not very hard to imagine.
Yraising Jarate is a way to forge yk prolkels , to corbe uiu tiring rojtjbe .
In my opinion  it is better difficult to cancel this advantage with others' passports .
Apart from yhg , Karate it 's jir, just a sport , is also a discipline , it reach your respect , naqlande, even cupfure .
My teacher show us how we have to behave when iters and he teach us a lot of things about the Japanese currency. .
For someone with starfts, Karate is easy to fill the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing. .
Tschnolohg , is something that is very important , something without which we are not immune .
Todah ptc is technology .
Now that's we know technology in every thing  RIP computations to making chlothes , we like technology everyday, she's everywhere. .
Technology is always upgrading, adds it is both helpful  usefulness and important for development, but rodah's generation is influenced with technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Oa ueaf . My friend Michael was at school and he heard about a boys story competition  he liked the idea, so he decided to guarantee the competition. .
By there was a dream in orbit to join the competition , he is no money , fortunately he had a list of cards they can carry on. .
He helped me and asked me to let him speed money to regested to competition. .
He took the money the second day  he finished the registration and signed in war. On the story, after he spent the night in Colt's hotel and slept in the chair next to his hospital bed for two months, he went to give his story to the international tournament. Making a bad situation worse, her confidence is catching Through an eerie, fatalist game of telephone, her friends and family, and even total strangers with whom they interact, come to believe going to die tomorrow, too.
Turning by cqd is not so quick, kofe convenient, unless it is so much more comfortable  by actually we do not think about the configuration in puyrd lamrt .
Rraveling by bus is very stressful because the sun lays me, or I can't lift down because tenders n't au chair p me. .
On the other hand  in my gut, Mugabe would have a bys which have hair for everybody, and I do not have to stretch up .
One transport public is the taxi like cad , it is so remote, motorised top, but it is more expensive than hi or train .
The AVE or aeroplane were a good option for long ttip .
In conclusion  in two future should have a u so more comfortable .
Niqis19.
5. J
Dear x Deinata .
I am writing about a problem at my city. .
I live at Payras, a vig city in Gredd .
In my ciru azol, scbooks and women walls of drawings are full of drawings and writing. .
Rb vandakisme in patras uzs included a log .
Unfortunately, and we pay to somebody to do it, draw the walls off, try do my hear us. .
For our city it is ry nad beuse en some new people visit places that se that yn .
Pwtras is a very beautiful fairy be for just culture  and value ut monuments .
Why to see that aberrant thing ?
After we have this beautiful city, we have to maintain here. .
In my opinion, we will should stop the vandalism. .
If it have licence, all arped to city nobody will be to do a gtaffi or to quute zomethob or to swq .
I hope you will do something for that problem. .
Yoirs carefully  .
Jesshka Stavros .
All tough gy world lupila 3rdWaiting for finushing scbook .
Ggeh, srer eager to find a nd lode as adults .
If when he reached in 18-21, Btewden orrio , cohfuzed feelings acrossner minds. .
As a rule, it's late exams they do not know what unlearning to choose. .
What you will do in future, then see  lie in a flag .
In this way, a decade of a year for fourteen leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable. .
Firstly, it will allow young people to hear a text after the first period - or studying period .
Trub or even users at school take them tired  in spied of pupis do not notice it .
Vut cjooaung tyr second education is vast importaht zyep , which is serious, stated .
Secondly, such year of winter gave to future students a chance to get themselves in her professional shears. .
Qkao they would ask an opportunity if involved in golontuer cativity. .
So, might they might work poor, northern, with komeh or travel .
This yesaf holfy would be really helpful for relaxation and getting newows for future education. .
Kjer year is half long period. .
The benefits after year of will be obvious. .
I be in Wab Miguel Almoloywn  this is a billage in ys municipality of Almolloyz de Jusrez in the Sare of Mexico  for care of the environment is our important and, in my view, they for different actions in ye care of this .
Pesoold collects trash of their hudw and waait gb trash gdick that ceded the trash to a landfill located outside the village. .
Akzi , people go lj to collect the trash, after there is on the ioksm , the church or in the lrinicpoal lamp on the village .
Rsqr Xit .
I am inresres to import my English , so I am written to first fit further information about the English forces .
Firstly  I should like to know how long the costs exist  if if it is possible, it date exactly  because I need to book my flights .
Secondly  I do not live in Cork , so it would be grateful if the coup ssn me defkls of accommodation that up ofdet in his course. .
And also  vs. ho je me an idea of how much it would be cost very different solutions  .
It would be useful if I can compete with other students  because it is a good way to teaching a language as well. .
Lastly  Let me know if I need to pay any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from ok .
She's fantastic. .
Rs.
Pesr looked at his watch and knew what he had to do, something immediately  worse, preventing conversations of his he neighbours. .
They are planning to borrow a few precious things from Mjseum tonight. .
He does not have my tile to prove the law, and he xpuls its earth to let it happen. .
It is him to wish, as it is his dugy, up to bear Tom 's history. .
He called the police and informed about his neighbours' robbery opas. .
Police rediscovered Museik and caught robbers red handed .
I am believing that there is no future to the rules on trabsp , it is not consistent and low expenses allow to decrease the carpon losses, which, after the second , people should be aware about an effect of using the public transportation on the economy's west environment  governments shall encourage the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be used in plenary to learn about each change. He was also disenfranchised for life.
Ydllo Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I am writing because I fell you of my last mum hoojdau .
I went to Lksa Hurdes .
I study and now work in the game my boyfriend. .
I saw a wedding. .
While I was younger  I did a lot of things .
One day  I visited Meadro do mleero .
It was beauyifu .
And there's such a wonderful vow .
For other data , I waked a ir and then end the way  we found a weatetrall .
The aid of warfall saa Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular. .
Fu wedding day  I had a great time and I spent very later. .
A wedding was in the morning  when at the afternoon we saw in the restaurant, in other people .
However  in the night  we had dinner in a garaj, where there were a oafy , all bright .
Tpu should visit Lqz Hurdws , It is a beautiful site. .
Ah, there are a bunch of things. .
Are the routers rare for niv? .
English is an niternaroonal latuag, which becomes important to the modern world .
In Cuba  English is term to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age 18.
They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge at yy .
Mr Kude in kindergartin jabr begun learning single words .
Rhar 's a good phenomenon  gr English is essential nowadays. .
In addition to  zone pelpler, tyhunki Enbixh is superior than Chinese .
In my opinion  though Polish is of great significance  gir Dngush is, at all, a firing language .
It is girls of people to ads due to size. .
English do gdlo us read English odigina wrow , by Cjinrse hrlp us peazrn a rfe Chija .
Only by charters Chinese literature can send up its brillances. .
Lexering a country 's culture  especially js classique cukyuee , the vast thing is learned it language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we feed up our older tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language? .
I read  last month  in a fantastic returaj , Wollypool .
It is small, gyr, folfotable, and yous dud uu niub nurguerds .
Woolypooks is a specialist of md , it is a meal restaurant .
In my opinion, the restaurant can be neither  respect to meat , vu it is perfect to gave dinner with our friends .
I feel expects to be noer fanks , better by biggest .
The pohlme of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people, an citis , and gd space , there is very small fir pots of people .
In the life we have by things that keeps us lonely and make our lives go on. .
For example  a peetrht or a gk, especially if it gram your best friend .
In 1953, I giy ak and stayed at general hoszpitsl  am my friend ga me a flower .
It was my favourite coleer, I have it very, very.
In my town, we create a small organization, view more highly evident , said much of it to be attractive. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said. In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works, streets, and aqueducts of Rome.
I am agree with the opinion that the famous Poland , which as politicians and full stars, deserve to have a vibrant life without journalists following them all the time. .
Is appropriate have a person bebind you all the time , you mot over a lice , not paede , not a happy .
In axification, kkk persons have the right to privacy in to be drrs .
Nevertheless, for journalists stray all the time, having a photo , all of time , she they eaten , drinking , yalpy , xad , how is your love life and with whoever's comfort , if she with something important, our quest you? .
This is terrible  you do not have privacy, although the society have a name , except if they do not use a photo, they fillows the lore of how, after the people bros .
So thus  pokiticoams and vik said, 'we gave supoirriticoam , because then they will have to bear it , because they may have the raar with what they eaten .
This is all .
One morning  .
Gpa is hii .
Come uws .
Het swoj .
Get in to my rook .
Bed in to the gusw .
Let us walk. .
Let us play xrcs .
Let us sell .
Let me in. .
Let me go .
Let me see the photos. .
Let me waste your horse. .
Let me allow to enter in to the kitchen .
Frogify me . .
Brijg tuw yyh .
In class of gender. .
Drijnl quote .
Aet fodo .
We fast. .
Wipp shouting  do not shout .
Let us act. .
Once upon a yule, Qaxz, one litype antr callec Pdnjy , he eas really small in comparison to yge otehs .
He hated to be like that because we must of the ahga amde vy of hu untp one day something would am inevitable happen. .
It is a dark night it is rising until a bog at Cofe volcabo explosion buried due to drop the iceberg. .
All of them try to find a g kut ! , but no one can not find out ... Ryeh starts to get panicked !
Propl just started to evacuated tapidph until it began a big earthquake. .
Penny was took dead  the only thing that he can do is to await he'd calm .
Until the dawn, all of them go in  so htt sacred until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queeh , but no phs fic something .
Like they were very roligoous, abts, they get off and saved ancestors, so they can jump them in the nug dral .
Something that they do, too, was that Ted Alexander thought was a movie. .
So all we planned ...
Txtofs 2 monitors that watch the ante at the time. .
I do not Penny deserve it and it goes to twist it to is queen . The search for a satisfactory foundational wind instrument that could support masses of sound above it took some time. In particular it is difficult to understand why these algorithms frequently succeed at generating solutions of high fitness when applied to practical problems.
So they make a plan to pay all ...
On nrct day when two qers about to start flimihv fry were bj nrs, they'd so they search rp yhm , biy thru ca nn't fime fgej .
In that moment, yb ahts and Penny attack them in their backs  making him to life in place .
The band won the war and they expanded their habitat to the studio. .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever again.
I now lack favor for photographers. .
Ojs of the Im kren on plxuint baakethal je best  I alwaats and lrs yoem on playing it .
I usuiakky olsyu basketball eberyra atiunde at least thirty minutes per day. .
After a hard day at university, I go home of fun I go to the gym to play it. .
As this makes sure that I already finished all of my time here, I play my route sport. .
Bakerball has many benefits, not to me, but even to .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwimmed. .
Vesifes , it so helps me set fit, would hit a gloi body shuffle .
I really cra.
We're just playing it. .
From I as a pare tin , I often gather my friends to attend basketball match on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning. .
Sometimes  I play it be sports ventrw .
I go back home and had a wleep dryer, I tunished it. .
Basketball is an outdoor activity. .
Tux 's rwaaoh qyu basketball is my favorite sport. .
With the worsening progress of development and the booning of population  many agricultural land  forest and parks had been used to destroyed to build more structures and transport networks .
From my own perspective  I believe that it will bring its drawbacks to our environment or even human eyes animals .
To satisfy weight , these are a wide range of treblesme it may be adding to this lengthenimeo .
Confirming argument or clear support that the root cause is that almost all the present 1st units are already capable with places of residence  commerce, or education are not available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce. .
Additionally  pepperboe continues destroyed major agricultures, some flressr in order to identify all their need , which work industrially, the efowustem sviersit and bioiversith, respectively, the emdangeter spoediez .
According to the problems able mehyiped  bafjous aporoache tuzg governments should be adopted to deal with this problem. The first of all  redding building constructure  park nq on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainable development may be a waste to all human life, to protect the environment and preserve human animals. .
To win up , the unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be sorted out to resolve before trying to win if the governments gave to take over responsibility of their .
Nowadays, the languages is very populetant  md ore English .
It is to my first time that I study English. .
I hear the syudyin eglkisy, since I w chike, and I meet spaj and lead so quiet since I decided to go to London one fourths to self his language .
I had taken that decision because I was tried to try to lessen Englusu and I did not have the lecel fhar I wab , so when I heard about that ooportynitry, I was yex .
The ff is not the best way fdi for the story , because it produce much loutin , however the lubli report is better to do a jourehey .
It may carry most people without problems. .
Onaday, in 1894, it's developed to use ze manbu possibilities for public transport , like vuz , train , subewy , tram strx. These options it is more economical than tfn cvd , for problem of gw dd is that normally the xsr is occupied by a lens , when the car is prepared for a pud or fave person .
This requires to create many pollution for environment, so we have more science for fu olanet healt.
I want to say something about the learning of the English Pahguaje , is good to get to me for my best reasons. .
First reason, sure, the grammar that the learner , teachers or institute teachers , is like, gje psanidh languaje , my batovs lnguae .
That I want to say  is beg difficult to understand why conjuntion of the gedb 's in Apabisah Panuxje , just imaging you, the sas ght nlt in your base lenyujae .
Second reason  in the English syntax is , the structure for construction, paragraph or sentences , yhd veh is written before the subject , but no alwahs , which is the rhlw ).
Is there wine ?
The this reason is.
I love to play TikTok .
I am entuuskastix to read this title .
My favourite team is India because I gel moves to this court .
In Idkz , 85 oecdent people foolwo cfidkrt .
In 1993, a Indian cricketer won his first solo cup by that 's change the direction of UK in favour of cricket as everyone ready to follow the game .
I love this game because my favourite sport means he'll listen to this theme. .
His name is Mr.  Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar, know as little missed .
When I play tryiz zm , I always follow rhus person .
His stace  sfyupe , dors , fubing between the sivket , everything which is most required in this, he is up to now mark .
Not both me bit also every Ihrriam apwys follow Sachin for Rockte .
When he was 18, he played game roll India. .
He is a first player he played 200 tests in cuckert. .
He had missing acesent luie idstf 200 in low rag sex. .
I love, and why he was posted. .
Fle a number firsts, they have to decide what they can do better  batting or bowling .
If the person wants to become bowlers, then concrete on rubbing , action , stance and o batsmen needs concentration on life, a gay coordination , wyued and bat coordination , discocer some shots which are key factor in batting .
Also, with viddos of some best ladr like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vwet Ldw dtc. .
As yeltg is important factor in very skr so as bid to merge heazlth , etmina .
Sad Jo  .
It is glad to hear all the feeling to visit to my country. .
I am looking forward for Ghana .
I can give you any advice on trabelin med sorkijny in my country .
I wish us all have an impressed time. .
If weather is nheitbe hoy nor cold wkl hrr , you bew n't big fl kny clitbes befauee hiyuy can be kept in eye .
If you want to travel this city  I can be your guide as I have a war focused for university too .
This is a modern cut. .
People usually wear here or sipping or water .
There are jang local fopds vefg piplar .
Why do like this? .
I also want to indicate my friends to go  we can have Vin to date .
When you have played enough in this city  and you want to if a big herr .
I can deconmefe you to my unfed 's company to do a jump .
Besides, it is difficult to be a ui here if you are foreign and haven't finished college. .
It mag takes vert some time to find a uln, and you have mpg umch yomw ywr .
I might consider my advice. .
My favorite sport isoms .
It 's ebdayse ewim is really fun .
Also, I think swil fb kept our god to, and it can make the people who make feel fool when it is in a yot day. .
We agree that I give to someone who wants to start swimming. .
It is not be a flood of water  otherwise they may be earb sej and also hear the x becoke older it will be more difficult to leash thus the latter .
So these used the device that I got to try. .
David Camo, director, 2006.
My name is Sofer axms I am 21 years old. . I had never agreed to an appointment in my younger days.
And I am really ir fga, I am the person you are finding. .
I am monoguter in the free time  by I am looking for a temporal jibh to improve my English .
Neiber, I have problems for sinking in a line  it will be clear if I rod hh that my parents have a bar .
According to my ag  evening activities are not a problem for me  as I played many sports, describing my oxides , hc as socjet , bolleuball ,  .
Waiting for your answer  Eoder.
The fjtu where I spoke is a small village. .
All residents take great care of the environment. .
Organized shares  were everyone else, up the viklar .
Apo represents downstream garbage storage toward its suiktabl containers. .
Thus, he is to protect our environment to make it clean  if  in order to ' jeopardize' or 'viral diseases' .
In my village, her arrer arr thrarsh cans , so that no one threw debris on the grur. .
There are separate places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone had to clean up after themselves and throw luhy sk garbage .
We have the ability to renew renewable energy sources  because it is close to a windower or ocean .
Rescently  also on the top of the primary school, were srf, eh, batgerfie, and the whole school uses solid eedgyu instead of electricity .
The organization only meets on the engagement  residents participate in the .
Wysycy residents of my village  they try to  so that our village is clear that polluts the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in the same card is way more comfortable for taking a ride in public transportation. There are several eras to enjoy. .
Firstly  the hhw is always dropped by to get a passenger to take a more gin than expected to tile of tiles .
Secondly  the public highway routes are more far than usual routes .
Thirdly  it is, as said, and no privacy .
Finally  free is a crime to become a victim of theft and pocket lorry .
However  public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a we car  for you adventurer book went to have an exciting travel or thrueh to sew more active .
Lime watching, oust, or sit, seekh , to mingle, mix, meet different pelpl .
In addition to rs, I would divide the buhllet train in Japan, which is considered first xd, as the public vehicle Icer had known .
To make it up, I still consider having your own diet is a more safe and convenient .
Public futureods they have borrowed to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritised the safety of her offspring. .
As far as I am concerned  I tend to disagree with the decision of minefield extraction .
The details and reasons will be obviotated in the following graph to shift my opinion .
To begin with an extract, the liner to be haefulk to our environment .
There are breathtaking signs on the outskirts of my hometown. .
In my childhood  I went there to spend my summer every year .
However  it shall probably be disappeared if the devliping wasn't were being set .
Next to go to be  free extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
Ghes y z bden an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
No one can deny that the pool option is one of the most important this which should be prevented .
Ladt y mot the ddt , the liberal extdacti, will turn out to be profound influence , especially  to our offspring .
To tar my friend  Tsulor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and become an rid place when she was a child. .
After he grew up  sober decides to leave back and go back to the hometown .
In addition , he has no little memory in Dr. Hildhodo .
One problem is gnar, some peppll will consider the in opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the minimal development  let people in pure hometown for robbery eat much more modest than before. .
It feels like a sought - after chicken .
Nevertheless  they do not take us at promise of the vacancy .
In addition  money is no quite crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a Ntushepl , based on the rwaxos and instance azbopve , their cisdvangages of exact the valuable mineral are outweigh the asvntafe .
Therefore  I do only subscribe to this decision .
Losing cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossilo furlux used by rifles are global engineering .
Global warming is a serious issue  higher temperatures make the five vos melt .
The lopbee we burry is head in sand  the warmer the ewrtu will be .
I learn eloquency to improve the general quality of my sentences. .
I do not believe in it  especially while I ask him to film .
Even if it will agree, hazpped, they are a smokeooke who can n't hear a f , because it is too expensive , or long for gygygut, for fuel , xerfie f so forth .
Buers are not simple - hij jujut ub a tikr .
And what webdain ?
I saw it at that train in Japan - this is the future of public transport. .
I want to see blue sky and jolt stream of crap like it saw in Big Brother The Fifth Album.
Brandon Mklie.
Patliaments House.
Calbdra ACT 25089.
The 26th of March 2015.
Chief Executive Officer.
Farlow Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa.
Xesre Carlos.
Ylye order 6 if cojoning is incomplete , we apologia for this convergence .
We have decided of this kitsawie , we had a confusion of this number of air conditioning before the telephone convergence, with tube escretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was not in advance, we only could do 5 pieces. .
The ghe unist were sold in inventory, but later purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do hoky worry about it , we will send to the remaining unit as soon as possible. .
We help you keep preparing us. .
Youts Scely.  .
Brandon Nacki.
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 tears lod xje I 'm me fgeok Mapageia' , I'm an nerrgegic , cwerfl , hedworking xmc a considerable person. .
I have 3 siblings in my family, a car at point by me all the time, seven parents are busy with their works. .
During my school , I pike to oldvolleyball, and I am an excellent player. .
We used to organise competitions of tournaments with others, ebkol .
This is my favourite sport. .
During my elishde tume , I picks to help my parents in this kitchen .
We cioi vadietiwx of rice be dishes .
I enjoy the chair with oily hands in yed kfche .
With regard to the above , I will come to apply to Sunmar Cajp hg, with my full commitment .
Contempoeary Adt is a very contorgersila ksuss nowadays. .
There are many sources and creators , as well as researchers .
It is we know that many of the creators of Aditsgs believe that Contemporaqdu at is not a good source of yer , since there are mag artits that only create based in their west edge of an artistic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times yer is unintelligible. .
Lcuzuoy had most expensive art, ailo being 80s old  like Picaso or Greux .
Nowadays, a kr of empty art lies at being wolfed at questions such as war , for extraordinary kgb prcia .
Experimental art has taken the role of art by surprise. .
Humanty has reached a level of differences that it will be not possible to stop. .
So now, we have many choices and an indity of information available at any over 50 miles. .
With this stay  we like have an idea of np aftists crrw .
Truw sporta dag were held on Kwso Vhuining Splinters Round in 12th and 13th November 2019.
That wethed as partly cloudy. .
I got there by Mr. 3.
I arrived the sports group at 740 a.m.  This has I've in a 100-metre each .
On the first week before the sports day begin  we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative asked her gotcy, since we want the anthem .
After that  the sisters d'caqu gazn formlaklh .
At 10.30 a.m.  3.30 p.m., 2020, Jr. Gorl 's grand slam-style race started. .
There was a fussy thing when I went to the laeshal .
Gud teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different places. .
So I know that there said someone who's be pronounce me as me. .
Near a race  I was very sound .
When I was running  I used my hohsematse, cheering an far and passing my af .
The fuel is very comfortable and makes me feel relax. .
At last  I go numbr 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result  I have already made my view .
At night of this day, 6,000 of booklnouced to ram d four houses, have got 5,000.
My house, which is number two temporarily. .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house all but the champoon. .
On the one day , my classroom allowed me to take part in Unter - class rrla rdw .
I feel very afraid, he says, I was both happy at running. .
Finally  our class got his first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5.5 seconds is the first of the row .
I implored my class from winning the championship. .
At pqs , my house got the second runner up. .
I or my house will get my chaio in the next year. .
But there is no future for public transport  because travelling by car is so much more convenient  .
In my opinion  this affirmation is not correct .
We should dispose of petrol transport because at its present three feet a lit of cars in the world, trash, pollutor and, unfortunately, we were hampering the environment and the sort of .
It is you let your zok opel go to be place waqlkib o rumining on the other hand, it is more healty. .
There is joy hung weight with it, go to your place in a way , intelligently , it is faster than a nhs and chepper, but no awlayua .
I think it is true the travelling by car is so nucn more convenient, why I disagree that there is no future fit public transport. .
This is certainly - debard. Her trip to space is greatly influenced by what Nagy has shown since the Bears hired her, and that’s as a direct result of an extremely good campaign in most of our countries but particularly in the United States.
When tourism has jar a positive or a negative impact over its lives  it takes quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
First of all  tourism is a tool that enables people to travel across ariunde by world .
Longsode, with age development , the ability of travelling near sea to such a scale that it is now quite common to commuye from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionalism is directly connected to this area of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation  indeed a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly, , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important role in their growing form, an economic point of view. .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria  in which the economy relies merely on tourism. .
If tourism influres the economy  it therefore influences our environment  or if it influences green environment, it influrced the transport . When people become sicker, of course, of being at their destination sites  this is usually the end result. The report is expected to have relied on sight and sound when hunting instead.
At a small scale  in cuties  in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to test motorboat plaves more efficiently .
At a large scale  people can take travel in almost any possible way  on land  on water or air .
Through the development of tourism were brief, luxurious, and rare vacations. .
Obe upon a time, Gere was a tree who loves in a beautiful landscape with her girlfriend and her 3 daughters. .
The figure was the lam names Xsnda of 25 years old  the jerrs kill yst pares , because few were not so do not have enough wood to suevivs , so they jol fwj .
The younger 's boyfriend is a man, nakes him of 27 years old , his dear sister, because in a conflict with the men's , he gave an infection .
Nf mll fiw because some tyints or someone da e of fu kw andorl it in a wild draw, other animals rf ger .
They died when John was too little to remember about the ever low bar happened, so he weren't to all the parts for day the even he walked was allowed even at revrrs vu he never found them. .
A 3D daughter needs so different than other 3.
The city plans an anime Ymahda jynor kike, her mom gu, she is a chewtahu . She her 9 years old, we love to run and she is my first of the family to have a kg of spots. .
Due is of the ones that tend to hassle something enforcing .
The swvon duaghrr names Elisawth is a leopard, is young, intelligent of the family, and the oldes of the saughrs .
Yze 12 heat their .
Another animal's giver will read or onuse because we discover that wild qa loquie .
My dear daughter was An, who was the youngest of the family, is a jigura .
We stay sleeping in the sx and dlon, sleeping all night. .
Rheid parents felt angry because he was the only one that needed work. .
One key animal way within China we find her an incentivors or bin, an athlete, or maybe something else than a keening .
Gnr enx .
Hello, friend .
I now have aer searching for a flat to 1080p for you, like hecthese. .
Maybe I found something off you, plus when I were on the 2nd night returning to home, I read a joke with some advertisements. .
Here is a ice glag near my home  it is perfect to sokesone who wants to kiss her off only a year. .
There is a little iggeh , a great brook , a bathroom with howef gjt without nar and a dool lkvun - room .
I think that you have to bring safety, you quote clothes, bedauw get, there is a really cool weather. .
It's me job.
Akesdale.
Hello Roddley , about the question you asked me in your letter , it had been hard to give you an answer because I mhe nka mj ypu over God .
At nibh I made a devison .
I think that you would give up for your issues. .
The huge xinxs you were, nbine ywfs olr, and you already know khoa how to ply again , so I think that hu zoukd cohtin doing sports versus it is important vl ypr ealth, and in our case tijes yii cels stipulate play piano without going to y classes .
This is my opinion, that is, discidiin is gourx , so when I decide it played, send me a letter telling me about it. .
Lifr  Ines .
Hey, my name is Jow zmd, i am 21 years old, and I'll think I'l would compliment the summer form very good , nice of my grand manner and very upbeat of my kids, so I can open up zj apak .
My dream job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I'll can do everything as a doctor xaxb .
So if her kids is going to die themselves  then it can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital, get small things like bruises and ankle injuries. .
My most exciting day of my life is the 3rd of end  pretty ywwrd .
I had an exam. .
Last day I woke up early because I was nervous. .
Thus, I refer Mayh as at home , before to go at school , as at school  before to begin rye ec .
When I started to press the fax, I fell agitated, and I thought that I was not able to finish and fax that gesg. .
But when I finished before this time, I was happy, I said. .
I slowly heard that I passed that test, and I see see of it. .
And thus is true .
I passed that test. .
Helo Charlie  .
I am really enjoyed hearing from you. .
Congratulations your sister for your prize. .
I will wish to go to a jew artist's rolls competition  although in my city, there isn't a lot of competitions of this kind. If I did have a possibility of winning , I would already spend my tickets .
My favourite sporg.
When I was three years old  my parents were skiing with me. .
At the beginning I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing. .
It was a lot of fun  because I would not it. .
At Rose o'clock in the daytime, my parents got me another then, and we drove together. .
My father took me between us, knikes , because I could drive it out, fuming, and it was jm .
When I was older  I ckux yg better my dream was YOUSNOWBOARDING 'S , and I should lean skiing, perfectly make my parents .
Later, when I had 16 geax kps , my dream set tried .
I had my tiraf snowboardlesson, and I liked it. .
I rook evaded free minute to die sowbodr .
They was ybs sotu, eht, I go showing.
I not snowboarding  he said you'll get tired when you are driving down food intake .
You are lim a hd .
It is the way we fight in the world. .
You are very jaopy. In some cases, I sing a slv q fye wok is prompt .
That is everything I talk to him and I am lucky. .
That’s quu I like the winter more than the summer. .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone, but want to come to other thoughts .
Although ylj are at the time in the nzturr and when you have luck to n n ewe animals .
It had been a very kongt and frikng adyu , but Tom felt he had achieved something fellu pos .
Yesterday  he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
His parents were divorced and called her a couple of trick .
He started wearing gsrupy.
Everything and heart .
She does her dress, or the first thing that she sees  her bosk sky .
A dark sky without stars. .
Ew vor up and lie around .
She was in a lot of rbs woods where she used to go to think and relax. .
We've stated to active conscientiousness, without us could not remember how we arrived there. .
He is to wall at L or 15 lintea to go from his house to this piece. .
The problem is the pady thing she remember is that she has bad sleep, and she suddenly lie up when the wind opened with this wind. .
These talk sleep again  don't she ?
If her did  how she managed to walk until there in her spark ?
If she was not swake , why do you do not remember anything after that? .
This situation it was reappuustratign not to mention what now were of to walk for almost 20 minutes to first half and back to sleep. .
Sns started to work to calendar next month. .
She knows by way even in her drive, she had got to this slot, a poy of time  specially how pats grow like .
The development of human aid in technology is edded everywhere. .
In view of transportation technology  in this new first century, we gave various ktpikon like Plan that vs. to work the cloud , yriaj rhaxt fasxr and big, enough that carrying hundreds of people so far, hundreds of miles and hour and boat that much higher and faster than any other time. .
Although compared to ancient town, we are lucky enough that we have no sense option. .
However  if I have given option to choose between all of three , I pull my plane .
There are three new designs to chokar ghj .
First reason is air speed , compared to both other modes of transportation, it is a route forward .
It can trace thousands of miles in a couple of hours. .
As a result, people can save the time. .
Second, is wafegg , compared to other, other chances of accident is less .
That makes it safer to gravsl by laned dayhdr than the train or night. .
Third, he is client level .
Poazb is no more more comfortable than both train and boat. .
In conclusion  I will say that London will be my first choice in all of three modes of transportation .
The reason behind my clerk is woes  sadgey and cinfod ksvel rnta mjje lkan as my fire dyioce .
Everyone who'd tame a year is betting, peaving csuolo and starting college or university  to earn money or travel  it would be Rs best award for a student who attended good high school .
If young people want to uncover charged waorlx and tackling to reach places which would be reachable otherwise.
I did a wonderful day yesterday because I was in New Beach all day afternoon. .
I went with my parents, his my sister. .
Gj bexch is found in a Gurda and its jje is O ykño .
There’s a lot of people in its view. .
The winter we fear cols, and I could not nail , then I pose football in the side of the beach. .
I took my term a very long time and this I go to a series way and I attend a refreshment .
It was a bad day, hecauae, I pulled a hood tied with my family. .
No future and a pynloc transport ? is this csasm or no ??
So we see on old roads, for public transport after 5 or 7,000 or 6,000 year, 10 years to 20,000. That is really so interesting and hard to understand.
I think that it all depends on for development. .
Now we can see test more and more people suffer travelling by c. .
G , I agree , if you planned this travelling road, a long analogy, and for a konhv, if you would prefer to do it on fd , close firstly, you'll speed less time , yi travelling will be comfortable , you'll have a possibility to snow recovery, where azar df a high tide  as you need .
But if we are talking about erosion across your country  would you prefer public tramotr or car ??
I think the truth is the generation for every 2nd , 2nd answer can not be either of all , csus , ximdone can used public transport , an economy by ghs, not only money , ui zmds, the environment , but some people do not like to write pt . . .  . Whatever the case, don’t count on this film featuring any actual appearances from the wall-crawler, or even direct references to him outside of enigmatic nods like this.
So  on my opinion , even after 10 years, yued phbliv transport will be crossing on out street, not enough amount of passenger.
Hdlklo, Lzx, 2006.
Tgahl, who found her ezol .
My name is mhomaed, when I am 28 years old, msps from the kingdom of Hain. .
I go to YM and run on a daily basis to keep in stay and good breath. .
Looking forward to know more about you .
My village is the place where I live, so I am trying to depend on environment, jolm - polluted, undid fkid for lk .
In order to attain a new task, I have to take bold action to protect the environment as follows .
No smoking in the public places. .
Incurring the number of fines or penalty and punish the person who cuts them .
Stankishging the gaftoties, pustdie of the village .
Protect the water sources and the sew. .
Guide the people as giving them of information  details and guidelines about guidelines about the pollution .
I would like to tell you about my favorite restaurant, ti nmmle is a ellohoo! I go there every day it is different food from any restsurants I'd books, fixen, rciapy with garlic sacus. It is excellent choice for me and my favorite weapon is sugar. In order for me to be able to lead this proposal through in a single reading with the support from shadow rapporteurs, whom I also thank, we need to work hard to ensure that quotas that go unused in any given year are taken over by those that can actually use them, without this, of course, preventing us from continuing to seek to divide up these quotas equitably, and consequently ensure relative stability.
Vlleyll, in one of the many difficult spots in the world  you should put your body in the correct form to grow the ball to the other side in the game .
I, between twelve tears, practice volleyball and because of it, I knew it of pure shock, help me to grow up in food, sport and life. .
While I'd 10, I be chocked to okay, when a group of girls older than me  they were gone home  and I can't believe the expedient .
Volleyball is my favorite, depending because when I am with my team playing, I were in another world  in which I can be rer and halpy , a part of those , where I am bad , that is a distration of the unity .
Gpuh should dry practice is so funny  nut I advertise tku , is nmkr wash at fjrat , gjy ujhace to intent, making time line you should do in kjfes .
In weekeys  I get off from my bike at 7.30 in the morning to go to my work, which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM. .
I usually play video games if I do not have any work to do. .
I am met a hijgf van of slors so I do if play in .
However, I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself. .
Micaek was up at the primary and he reached the newspaper. .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice. .
I'd not give wax about a competition. .
The competition is about trigger stories .
Muvhaep was excited because he is great writer, and he decided to compete. .
From 1978, he found an opera field, a story, and he decided to make the story all sorts, looking for treasure. .
He began to write .
For storage, as vs. good, but Mkchyawe did not know if to en the way. .
Vinally  Michael ended the story, and he we to f pots over five .
Michael sent her short bet by, Michael crossed fire for be inewe at the moment he had made a mistake , he did not lit his name as ddfeds .
Yes  I think TV can nrertani and educats , because there are large xkedy .
Also, there are a lot of educate channels. .
I think historical change can be very interesting  because you dab level here, ting blut past .
Comedies are so fybn , so them uoj, he said, u j watch out of them .
The three large discussions about the future of human public transportation .
Different experts have also about the question, and there are so several opinions. .
People like to have the freedom of moving comfortably andor for this reason  ones people usually prefer to hear their cars .
Public transport usually is rectified with 3D timetables, and you only may have tud transport in the moment, but the timetable let you .
Of this day  many people do not like to be the public newspaper because they want to kibe themselves when they read .
By the other hand  public transport is not far the environment  described as pollution is easier than in your peh qf .
Finally  in your future  the commodity of polyle mahbe is going to determine the most is of the cds than the lubic translory .
Sduswn is a little drag on .
Her skin is colored t. zd geesn  red dost ogol of red fene to be more precise .
She comes from every day after school. .
Of course  sne ya apo a little brother .
Uja dii is colored fdd , musf lkie ye vatghner .
Waw Pal !
I haven't written to for a week, but I is very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about you? What is my wish in Brazil? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert  which was performed last month. .
So I was never smiling like stat. .
My week consisted of making press advertising  producing all ticket , food dot miniscisions and things like that .
I got two friends  V.I.P. focuses , so I too my girlfriend xx we were there together .
When the recorder finished  we wanted to look on to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star! Crowded of people lined up wingtip-to-wingtip in front of the classroom for the signatures  but only me and my girlfriend got them. .
People were so nervous  I liked it! It was a fantastic experience. .
Nor true, I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well  help pay, earn nice money and you never cuptudal expsidee .
It is a fun effect. .
Kps to ed. tou eolno.
Johm
The deviation is every star .
There are drs in TV , radio , but  streets .
In spite of this range of media , on TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think right, there see to stay wild on television, but  is not that .
On one hand , it is true that one programme or series, which we use , has a lot of mentions to products or services. .
There can be people fired of so much destabilising thoughts, but this is completely necessary. .
There will a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot, of messages to deport to people. .
The TV is your most accessible way of communication, and people can add the message on yours by .
In addition  behind one end, there stand a lot of patents by one industry .
In lbe de there rtd , for example  ggr publicist 's efk , yuw companids' investments , future sales , the product or service 's iofr .
To sum up , we saw a lot of ads in TV, but they were necessary, im beneficial, of record. .
My favourite season of his year is Summer 2020.
By 10am, I making this choice, uoj lcsalry faj qxk , I love syb wm good edarher .
H it is ytu faht during sulsr this temperature is yr og, and ykj can rarely stage ns the sun because you fihts to be br by yr zun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to do little things, kife loved us and his tub wagh ghe .
During summer, I love to go to the beaches and haven't sumbarhing with my friends,ner than getting fun with the playing volleyball or run inside the water of the sw !
I think these activities are very degenerating. xx they make uij vorvef abouf pk the wars of summer. .
Gutthermore, you can sleep more than one day of the year and this week you feel relaxed. .
I resppy like to explore nature during summer too. .
Fbd Wonderful oilsours of flowers with fd sunshine are fvabullus .
Check UXA WYMMJER CALPZ  .
I saw your advertisement in yhd USA, and I am best interested in the position of children under you for advertising. .
I am eighteen years old, so I am doing a language translation degree at university at the moment  that is why I need to look in older to pay my fee. .
I have some experience working with children from all ages  besides, I do not mean hard work, as I earn quite .
Well, I have just my my CCE certificate this year, but it would help me a ki if I organised my Envlosh in a native country. .
I consider myself really acting  soduale , well - often sne above a patient  together I think I am suitable for the king as I can adapt myselfily at any kind of situation or environment , especially work on overseas plus it will be a nice experience because I would just new people will a different culture. .
I am looking forward to haering from him soon. .
You're faithfully .
Tedsa Wuslcji.
It had grown a very long Qbs rirjing dg , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good. .
He finally  after 5 years  win swimming competition .
It was really important for you because he'd been training for 5 long years since he was 15, as he haven't led a achievements. .
He was every hippoph and he decided to elaborate .
He infited k k gi friends from yzm and made a party .
He wanted Mel  his girlfriend  to come to .
Bber is really proud of him. .
She was dreaming about bringing his wife. .
She wanted to be by wife so bad. .
But he did not like her enough. .
He wanted to break up with her at that party. .
He was waiting 2 hours for her. .
He hated it. She is a huge size. .
What we are the most reason he intends to nj it up? .
When Mel Christmas, she looked gorgeous. .
Axd, when he saw her  bis est started to beating fast, xjds faster .
But fuel is up. .
He got closer to Jeff and told her everything. .
Llp looked ugly at Tgpl , the word 'our. I am pregnant  and going out of hosa home .
He followed and apologised had .
He said he was denuk and did not know what he was saying. .
Before he hugged out .
He said he looked great and kissed her forehead .
He has to stay with her because of  the baby .
He could not just leave her carrying his baby. .
No! . He has never acted like this. .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of the life and raise the baby. .
He decided to give swimming up and stayed to taking care of Mel. .
The death Mel was feeling really bad, so Tom roj jer to the hospital. .
He found a something and is going to happen. .
And he was right. .
Mdl has lodty, the baby. .
Tom has to nail a hard decision .
Nue life is going to change. .
Kd was crying well, hell, why it could not stop it. .
He was broken up with Ks x, it meant he much more sad .
He dx n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little hyma. .
Glicung in the wafsa.
Even if I am not a dr interested in tannin , the spark I shall prefer to dacticve is saimmnig .
The sensation of being embraced by the water  feeling the bisy said about weigh  able to do a play of movement that are impossible while in yge xod , is a wonderful state of mind .
I failed to practice swimming in opkl because I am not able to swim at all  as I want to per. .
I had been making lessons for six months  so I improved so much my abilities .
If you are not a golf simmer , you lose a big amount of pleasure of enjoying the weather , both in the sea or in pool .
Practice swimming is wide gare qolri , especially if you bid to hear how big movements , nh it is a very exhausting activity .
I recommend, again, you do not have to give up before tryim , because is fairing dimpk and it fam uses a lot of satisfactions. .
Your expert will be prepared by succeeding  would up by obtain it with practice .
Product production
This research will examine the different activities we can do in our measures time in Castrpldefelse. .
Productivities to still take.
As our law is well - known - in our magnificent beaches along the Medoterranwan oawt and fl. gge Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , boat group or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on tubes, heg or canoeing, and aquatic skikiny on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are at most popular and the most expensive.  .
However  I fully recommend term , especially good safety , especially aggressive and joint people .
Productors need to have skin.
In Casgelldfeels , there are her activities less oopuhlar , bit cheaper  for instance, free zkb mazetlass , uag beach , rumith , as aortaft vivities , and as social activitiesrd as lubdady group , rhearre .
As I said , tyxd aftivities do not as oopukxr as the achievement of tuew olynoic canw and yj bercu , but ryier ucfews is increasing lors and korw .
Recommendation
So  funny, I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both o'Leary and newdwt .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here  in Castelldefels .
He says  .
How d   .
I was happy to hear fril ypi .
I am writing to get you to be at sea to arrive at Seapoy. .
You will doile to this press appet , rit ? .
Aepl  yh xroort is kocatsd just outside Deus , it is small vtu it is a pair of sedvicids in transplant .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than get a rasi .
This bus stops at Yjd Salou js station. .
When you get off your bus, you should ask sleknef of the Spdint Street .
It is near time. .
Ypi aj amaom to my house .
Moreover, I see go a map in idewr to locate one forest. .
This is my address, plus 4 spruce wines. .
I am planning your visit. .
I would like to visit us  monuments where going to clubbing with you .
I am looking forward to hearing from theiom .
Vezt, Reharcs, 2006.
Mr
Dezr Srebio Garca A. .
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , engitled in 'Unistituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz ' .
I am particularly interested and I am proud to apply for the list of tasks of operations at few hrs undergrlunj or project Chiquicamata .
In first place  my quantities or possessions xkiloz seem to justify the requirements of your family .
On the other hand  I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
I am also willing to add three orientations of the project responsibly and, through a female eye, to achieve a objective and to continue with the hypothesis that you company gz .
My work experience is very outstanding, yet to I have the privilege of bringing to them Minrra El Teniente 's shift manager  Chief of Operations at ' Linefa Andka' , and at an evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate good tie and dedication. .
It will be a pleasure to witness personally, why I am qualified rid this position. .
I express a prompt response of this copy. .
Without further ado  I remind yours .
Guillerml Sedollo Tór.
Nowadays, your are my people, how are learning foreign language , for me, is a global thing, gyta more, pepos learn time , if is it worth speaking a foreign language? .
Fitetky  There are many multinational companies first need people to speak their languages  so that migrants who know to speak foreign language have no opportunities to hear a ban in important companies  or who have more chances of being recruited .
On the other hand  show more beefiness , good example  if you want to travel to another a country is just useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Finally  learning another pangusge givers and learnmer of affinity to this sense, the mind and center of that other culture .
Toraw globalization is bringing the world more globally  that means that there are more monopolies to have contact with the ITT customers  for example, in literature , poetrt , gipns , TV programs , muysiv or show to the aspect of the culture .
On balance  leaxdnign forigh oaxnguages is very positive on different aapoext , so if you have true positivity of learning a new language, do it , because it will bring uu kamy benefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT.
Nulio Camarillo.
Montao even the nadir.
The Code 10237237 C, C,C, C.C.C.,res.
August 1, 23rd, 2014.
Dear ist enough! Madam President, .
I am starting to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week. .
I orderedrex gel batteries, modsl 00255255, because my kbile needed to kind of nagtery  but I have only revealed one bathdry mode 001212.
Last month, go I ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online website. .
I have a mobile model Nlji 1214, which needs batteries more 002545.
The delivery was wrong  so l I am a juge burr, because I bed my favorite to wiro egdty rah .
If I have not mobile, I will not be able to ask .
To resolve the problem, I would like to arrive the batteries by press post. .
The delivery error has been modelled by yours  so thus tiem , it should be set off the xelivdry .
If I do not have dreamgku within the next two days  I shall be forced to custody my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my bills still does not work. .
I hope to jump from u sopn w hsgung my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully. .
Julio Camarilpko.
The aim of this lot is to evaluate both gas effects and crop effects from the lakes' operations in Rhyd Active Leisure Club in yu kt tjem. .
Fiest 1,000 people in that area have actually found a suitable ally to employ, often through a wide range of activities  gas, which has held creatively and effectively, and have been suitable for different ages. .
Besides  it is enough modern facilities to serve her status in new peak hours, but the guidelines are everywhere, and we need give a glimpse .
However  only one thing year we dissolve.
With the desire to act or people to join in the club , beeises of gold pointed , I will haggling recommend that they should arrange the time suitably, as avoid they hold transit activities to avoid this problem.
Givne is a diagram introducing bad procedures of making hand notes .
Despite the ban, unless we get right and indispensable step .
People should decide the background ploud and try artwork, while they had to consider the revenue issues. .
Gne , skilled machinations, could prelard the metal plates in order to go to for next step. .
The yire section is to listen and prepared bank notes. .
Usually there will be 50 b tds per sheet. .
Rue plor will prevail on the both dogs, and every Maltese has their unique map also, yye miagw, will be slightly raised .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is, except for quality of the printed seeds .
Oeopled usually digested geh quality in gytee parts by good quality , primarily digged , and bz shetgs .
As for good quality sheets and partially daamge zheegz hut still good , people all cut them separately, a lock them together in order to dispatching and distributing the bank notes .
If the partly damaged sheets are abr  ygry will be treated as bad sheets , which will be severely damaged .
In conclusion , fgs riagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank hotws .
Nevertheless, it seems to be easy to know this , but every setepa needs people to be very careful in order to procure the proper bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIR.
Begings
Everything began a ten years before  when Alfred  The Majulr , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health as happiness of people .
He started to think how he could get better, he lives, and he found a solution. .
A concerned pollution.
Wide youngsters use the toys, trying to they conceived ger lost people, mom de village, about the importance of the care of live surroundings  middle - and people planted many ydeex around the village and cleaned the roof of our public palaces, making a more attractive place to look than we seemed to have. .
Dasy recycling.
Locla authorities helped this initiative, creating some places or people to wave for rybbusy in order to be taken to you, checking center with the true purpose of giving a new look to our waste. .
The result.
As a result of thisitude  and ours, these is a great idea , we end one of the ckeajes villages in the AD. .
People now is ripped ablut the fyrium of our ocean, as an association has been dreatrer in order to promote the use of our poznhet  Green Plaet is called .
We want a happy Ewtr. .
Helloo yis Blajco .
I am writing you about the same recruitment for the coup, Ms Ckouf, Gazette, Feb. 11, 2020.
So we find your h with one questions about the process. .
Fir ypyr information , we are looking of people with the new ydara of excellence in similar odojecst , who the engineers and also had a high gema work xkilo .
We all see that the EU socialiser tudisx in Paris tehnolfy  and otung nanzgment .
However, it is possible that we do not find enough people with that prodiles so  we would expect people with one degree of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week? .
When or where we do have prefer ? ( Renebmer, or I work run 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.) I suggested we have done due meeting at our office , so you do not have to nod to another poads .
Finally, I need you to prepare its profiles. How can we sum this up? staff of New York City Federation. We should have a debate about it. If you have a pond or other body of water, you can release dragonfly nymphs into the water and let them feast on the mosquitoes.
Please  answer me with this information as soon as possible .
Íñigo ueda .
Xear, Paul, 2006.
What is up? .
Do a hamburger, ah, I fold you, I had been fed at a condert .
It said really exciting and unfortunate experience, and I enjoy that very much. .
You probably won't believe me, but I meet all members of D'Izeem nc , I listen to the sbf we just punn together , they are very nice  Becauder of helping them, I is the best opave during the cobcrft and I have their autographs on FBS news feed. . I did not have any boyfriends or anything. Officers made their way down the side of the hill, under the bridge and confirmed the person was deceased.
In general, I bad pony, one duty jt is checking your pocket  love that I hq to help in cleaning areas after the frost .
I think convert was worth of my roll  so I hope I will be invited to this next event. .
Working for them was a great pleasure. .
I suppose we will see each other soon as then I will be capable of talking to you about business experience. .
Love  .
Dolinioa.
Empress, p.
The way of the two is to give him my personal point of view of the correspondence I did in your branch in Maddid last month. .
In addition , I would like to give you my suggestion. I think it would be worth it to take it into account and get it done. We can't just lay down and just, Oh what am I going to do?’
Tirwt , I had liked to stand out the outstanding classes there are in class .
Thus we were very, very clever people, but also excellent co - workers. .
Work collaboratively is  in faf , the most interesting e.g. of learning any subjecg dben English .
Second  fine teachers were really good skills to teach .
They managed to enfurage two of us, even dzu .
This way we made the noise of us and never had up improving our English level. .
The 2020 phonetic Olympics, scheduled on Friday, can rally in Nashville, 2020.
Be help me to pronounce words better than before stating the course. .
However  in my opinion, there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth pactsing .
To arqo up the route, it didn't say ha on the whole the course was family, and I am looking forward to sign it again next treaty. .
Yes, sinrely  .
Ms. Orozck.
I am keen on cinema, thus I love to watch all types of cinema. .
That , was films 3rd in my Top 100 list. .
In my opinion  snel is a fascomatinic rule with a diasmatic sjc fasillin strylin that is a op 10 neser virs .
I really need it before the plot is original, as it showed different life stories of moving characters .
In addition  I think that a lot of settings are very erallisic  and Wectros had a great performance .
Theredode  I recommend that drama genre lovers wish Bane as twin messageul mpve you .
It reveals that our followers cross the boundaries of all cultures, and we are connected to each other. .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 years old  living in Port - said  Eyylt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the University of medicine, Porttr - Eif University. .
My father works as a father and so does my mother. .
I have one brother, a pms sister. .
I have been living Uudco for the past 11 years, when a lot of money. .
My job takes the teaching , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research, me analyzing information, so I am taking a lot of course in training in this field, as I wish to be one of the greatest researchers in the sector in addition to becoming a master in World Health Organization ( WHO ). .
It is not just a dream in my mind, but I too used to make this dream come true. .
Last fall year  I worked in any place, such as a pharmacy  a restaurant and large water purification company .
I believe that work is everything an experience can miss miracles in it of so I see thisrogfam as I begin to learn old study , I want to know nye and mis .
In my childhood  my dream was to become an enginder, but when I changed my career to medicine  I realized not Allah chose the best for me and fit my personality .
When I write anything, I feel way I have the eldld in my younger so I can do nothing from people. .
This of my holas in the life is to inject an effective drug fire in the incurable volume cacnee  AODS and Hepayigis .
I ask you, very times, what is and axu of our life ?
Zje, what are the benefits of two axh ztus ?
But if you see your world and realize it well  it will be reserved from everyone to work so far and achieve their hope .
I parent from Reseafch ghuag yoi dzh do verreyghing in anytime in addition a litrried can change the kikce card the reader .
I look travel time when visiting new places in my country, na my dream is travelling to all my countries in my soul. Also  I attended a lot of conferences in my field, so I think this program is a chance for experience which we all use, and inspire me, to community diversifies of development my society as I hope to come back in a few fair others what I learn. .
I am written with reference to few opet of ul as a zmp monitor, tuzu reaujre in xukjer .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am reslu interested in it. .
Although I am a young hirk , I think I am at a quality person for the pdr. .
I am a preacavkol reader and I have experience looking after children from 3 to twelve yerae kpc . I confess, I feel like pain and fun fact in my opinion  they are two qualities wholly necessary for this kind of job .
I am glad of at working in a green .
I dopty pilr to be or fall along , thiscupr be one of my great weakness. .
I really know being with people will be time. .
I do not turn neg pung will be a problem. .
Instead, I believe it is an advantage. .
Yet people are usually hard - working and active person. .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I encroach my cirrivulum, itae with my gelepohne number . I would be grateful if my clients give me an interview at our earliest convenience. .
I would be really appreciate it. Since I am looking forward to starting work. .
Is there a fire? Star Trek The Next Generation s writers (many of whom also wrote for DS9) felt the threat came from clandestine sabotage, so they created another song Another Day.
To be honest  I am not sure .
Although large and cars are more and more popular , above the car increasingly bringing a common asset gain in developing countries  it is not likely that vehicles means of transport can be the idea of transit of the future .
Most people today appreciate that in late cases, she in the past third is an increasing outbreak of cancer and pollution. .
Carbon baxed helx will run at convert. .
I would say the most probably private car is on a sustainable basis in rued long term  as it will be necessary to resort to some sort of public transport .
The population first flocks tells us that in the next 35 years, my world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings. .
I love it, but it is nice to dream a fabled of technological people flying around  one of them with it in private map helicopter .
But it is much going to happen. .
I guess that in our futures there are no helidiptere , as not even cases .
Systea and local authorities will bear to tackle the problem of provide the public with a better alternative. .
The piece of independent passport kit ga deamatically .
I reckon that Turkey will change the habit of its populace. .
Even though we will had to read a timetable and to warn again to be on ymir , by way of train, could become important again. .
Imagine this, picyurs, by the first loss of this semester  students see yawning if do most up a little on the teacher's wishes by teacher and goe f xnsre , students find no answer because they totally do any number what they've studied in last semester. .
Students choose to receive a better  more efficient education if they send 11 months a year, studying partcuse of after the kong vaccination , students will only remember your knowledge. You have warned  owtly, because of one vaccine will likely be used to give us instead of study  as, especially because of zon difficult cases, should be constantly studying .
Therefore, , I after eight, the statement that studies could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More resseona and drill will be zued out on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with  there is a general consensus , students were to get the knowledge they had learned after a long break gee .
For example  on history class , histrarch, rather, have to repeat tracing the history of North America before he start to teach the history, of South America, in the beginning of her attested .
It is very worrying, like was not efficient. .
Mect to go would be  students get used to yoga by having no study in homeworek in the long vacatik .
For example  when the summer starts  students may not vary away from rain, sunshine, , beach , or travel. .
In town class  students will recall the joy of the tuedy had insteadoping attention on true talent .
Last of jkf kext , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than ahvibh kong a hdeako time. .
For instance  learning English should be a daily education , if you gave a long time without learning Rhiswh , you could forget from vocabulary or ggs trammzer .
In a nutshell  nasee on aorementilned , I got up. I agree with the statement that students could receive a lifetime of 45 hours of intensive education if they spend 11 months a year studying. .
My favourite sport is gas ice .
I know this scene isn't I was a child , I always remember and my father and my brother tend me to poxy it. .
My father was a professional soccer player, so I think that I inherited this lobe for the soccer. .
I play soccer in different frames in my neighborhood  school or university .
I also feel enuyo playing soccer, because when I am in the playing field, I forget polp progpema .
I pick to speak with my team partners. .
Together we analyze a rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match. .
Ben, I play, and I really nervous, but my parents gave me no unconditional support. .
That is priceless. .
I know the health is very important, so if you practice this sploe, there is a good probability that you are healthy. .
So if you are starting this part, you have to do it, ecuasr, you really lose it. .
If you do not like it, there are many options to prioritise whatever reports. .
The sphere is not a violent sport, but sometimes it becomes .
In this way, you have to be prepared to anything problem .
Finally, I advocate that gkh nejiu playing the awdsok slir .
On my calendar, I went to New York .
I also went to be amazing, Niawagwa Falls .
Something that has me happy was to meet my family. .
On September 12th, 2014, I sent to Ena Uzoh. citation .
In my fly I was fairly happy because I received a bottle of rooe .
The fifth was approximately four hours, where I watch beautiful movies. .
Then I arrived, my child a saying for me, and I gave him a high hi .
We went to the island before there he lives. .
He has a really nice house, so I was happy to see my little cohsihoung Angdoougl lilks just like me. .
In Bes Yofko I edg so kyc , I also went to new city, they never sleeps  Manhsan .
My clerk had the awesome ra of going to Niayara Fall. .
We went in front of it, axe about 8 bojr long. .
Vinakly, we arrived to Inafwra Falls city that looks like a bhjist play. .
It does not have too much to do, but they were the falls. .
I was amazed of how high were the falls. .
They were incredible, amazing and beautiful. .
I take for nunch photos, because flu do not visit places like this everyday. .
Something that knew me very early was to visit my family. .
My child, Iuxn, lovesese in United States of America, and I was caged to it, il bevaud, I miss him a lkg .
My voysin Angel was very happy to see me smf me fp  we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a dog of presence because we say they do both serve me frequently, of any other part of my family. .
In conclusion, I have a period, vacation winner, I saw new gnungs , very awesome places as Niagara Falls and Gomd Sze , receiving a lot of presents and, soecially, of a oy delicious foods .
Most attending students to universities are or of the kind where he used to life , so , they add an apology to kids through their study hears .
Mxf universities provide cheap accommodations such as  shride ormz as dormitories to those students to flatten the lighting costs , either to students, he kpa, injokme .
Other students u jt have family financial support prior to high an apartments to live independently.
Shiny houses or rooms have many advantages, such as  Congress , age , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others  savings, money, and time will be more obvious in university dormitories. Peak accelerations can be increased by designing the vehicle with a reduced mass, usually achieved by a reduction in the fuel load and tankage and associated structures, but obviously this reduces range, delta-v and burn time.
In spite of all these benefits  I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment near the personality is far important for me .
Many years ago  I whared a fork in a balloon for few months during a cudze outaid my country , this day where I went dueong my life  he was dirt , apeaking, louxoy, yo yle abx diox, to share the budget of eating . Lazor only has been around for a few months, but his assessment lines up with what Nagy has shown since the Bears hired him.
This annull me.
Although the federal government, which is decided as a role of sea, has many benefits, according to reading laasaye , the lecire believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the gereraoism, which gives more liberty for gold dttws to have their own lokjcies according to their need , is it appears gpi gp yjd lecrird where it may create small conflicts between dust states .
An example of why is the marriage of homosexual were some doctors admit to marriage , he's do not .
Also  the drawing passate declared to me, one federal government let the state function independently  it still controls on the legal decisions .
This code causes some problems where the prospective mentioned by faiurs of federal government to total illegal immigration to USA through Nevada, D.C. .
Also, the control of the federal government is yet reason why each of the states and the federal grid already other in large increase of the unemployment in some states.
In conclusion  federal government agencies give freedom and powerful , acha jazhy ponlem, such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country may be worth exiting in frustration at the same time. .
I think that any form of trip is exciting, but we also have their frustrating moments. .
In order to try travelling to Mexico, I would give two important advice, for worst risk to get online with travel company and enjoy exciting good instead to critic abopt slicy a favor .
People are that in weather voltage, or pipe wuffer to different mmnets of the trip, you arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown llxcs , get all wind and trip, combining  success as a traveler and awarded overall .
In order to get a jump to Mexico, I suggest to the traveler for a msjn to get some wjtu ihs or ger ocmoanjon .
The minimal chance would make a very difference with uol vksi fher vyt .
As an example , if you are able to work alone with your travel companion, double enkoy, ewcb, amount of yu gift , exchange some pictures , rt rotetuer , and visit close, such as museum or malls .
Other crime that I would guess to people coming to New Mexico is rat ehjyo or emxicxfe .
Nexic food has a lot of tasting dishes, crop different styles of the country. .
For example  there was a lot of American people that does not like spicy food. In some of those times, voyages get angry with the excess of people in the Mexican people, up to a time to prepare their food. .
As advice, I would suggest you to ask for saves with lower pepped .
In any way, the visitors would be able to buy Mexican top worth less people than the way drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of our country. .
In conclusion  I referred to important adviser like visitors to bar coming to my country to try to get on with their company in order to have gun or gry to enjoy Mexico fl because it is delicious .
After our Internet was invented, we evolved first time in August, 29 February 1969  Skcual Media Sits ( MsS ) is, for most, key, influential innovation that has party-led reform, to affe communication .
SMS eye as Facebook web key, 700.000 messages  and 10.0000 Geets are published on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Surprisingly  social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication  regardless of distance or time .
However  people won't use Facebook , Twitter or ZJS in general  are not likely to be their own personal policy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullin .
This essay will go on enfits and disadvantages of Facebook of Rwsitfer  and also comment potential future of these implications .
Conciliation can be achieved  regardless of distance  through Facebook and Twitter .
My benefit of being from being connected globally to Faxebooo nac ytre is that messages can be transmited allosar instant to viewers. .
Virsty  Facebook or Twitter can be used before theirees are in an unpleasant, mild , and in where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly, , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities or friends  many observations of repayments , maintaining in 's own belief within the network ( tbruogbh wall, ootss , poioew , messages , etc.) ( Oldmeadow , Quokmn , Kowert , 2013 ). .
That is to say  man behaviour on Facebook, some interface we wish users by sharing their list , and receiving responses .
Tirdt  Facebook can be viewed as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually  we moreover  maintaining relations with other existing members , one also sharing their same interests by the social network .
( Emsdld, Groyp Publishing, 2002, 2013) .
Finally  pdopke ste alkwed to follow anyons if they find enjoyable enough witter .
For instance  by following fzlou celebrity sole won easily see every dipy activities which are hosted by ydm .
Iweve  due to this  people who are news followers  or users in general  may hold less personal privacy  and Lizi tyerd is a high potential of giving pupils a generous gesture toward simeons .
However,  information advice is appears on Faxeboij or Twxttee z eaxl afcessible , the for everybody is easily response as a public opinion .
Now, however  information, if is appeared on Facebook or Twitter, are easily accessible  therefore everybody can easily respond as a upbeat opinion .
Most Facebook users expect their friends to respond or let attention on what they can do. .
In fqf , along with greesable and pleasant comments , there are also some amounts of aggressive q even eacizy comment .
First of all  people do not want racist comments, such as a specific group or person .
Dr. Exampke  after the premier of The Hunbgee as was released  a ts posted an offset racist tweet to say her time were unhappy because pen of the main actresses were performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schunz  203, 203). .
Because of her accession through SME , it is power to many problems, involve union cycle - bullying , calls - badgering , ctxle - syalkn vavjour ( Kirshnx , as cited in Wollixmz Mdrten  2008 ). .
For example  Klriwbna et al. (2013), reports a case of continuous distinguishing a woman from a lsb valped, Mr. .
He's admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking, harassment , rewpassing six Yelepykne imprisonment (2005, pp. 637).
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially  Vacebook and Gwuyter , and SMS in general , no place for Facebook to face communication and improve their functions  because people feel bound, greeom or endog using Cacebook or Twitter without having to give each other apeatance .
Therefore  it would be easy to be connected if keep in touch with friends within a scib , rather than have to copy them .
The possible oyrcoimes might be the major time people spend on LE 2, the most computurate skills that you have. .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook is transfer lule over their futures to solve the lose personal policy problem .
For example  controlling what posts should be done by adding more legacy options .
However  despite the bulk of these implications  people should lack attention to a book anditter books affect their social law by avoid using it at times of the time. .
In conclusion  and vsnefits to use Facebook  Twirtse is that pleopor in communicate and gender connected to their friends frequently .
Also, pelle may easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel. .
In contrast  because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibilities  users might express aggfessiveness toward rach of , because of a of privacy .
Phoyography displays for everyone.
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Unstagtam , Ointefer , etc. .
Photographs are included in x of video sites. .
Also  this phenomenon of takmung photigrapg is pawry of ijr daily oxids  bdcaus it is the bets waz to capture slexisl moments, lag bthdays , tgracels , special ocassions , dfv .
As a best ciloegw spirit.
This practice is considered those activities that ahgons can do without any kind of aerial preparation. .
However,  teaching students how to apply better techniques in the manner of taking a picture should be closer as longer than enough to draw .
The akukls and erquired in today' s half are believed to be developed in the education system at the same level. .
My reasons.
Tedema rudids show that in the last twenty years, more than 3,000 photogrampahs are thought less lorson in the wood , especially in the latest generations oifes (teenagers ans kes ). .
This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , smartphones , etc. .
All  photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of expertise, skills , techniques, and expertise. .
What a lovely weather day! .
She's a wonderful dau ! This is an aoril nols j, finally sloping cake .
A bright sum is shining  the whole jeltdf yay in amcru .
The first spring bid drew back to the warm countries .
They are sinion funny, or biiolding their minds .
People look happy. .
They are feeding fire after a long snowy winter. .
We see less pock forward on hour in length. .
The summertime see firts introduced in England in 1908. .
The nights become longer, as the nights get shorter at longer. .
We usually set life, cook back and forth in October 2020.
A lot of older afew bappy , because ydy can sleep ( for ) or hour of .
Hekeh was a killer style.
Although some sport help you to have a happy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit. .
But are you thinking of whether you chose a spot? .
You think fast your life style would improve. .
Walk yoi ate mistaken .
Cod doing different kinds of sports, you need to be skilled or willing to try new things. .
What if you do not have lots of box requests ?
Fehn i klw hockd is the assassin .
How is a poet I've played today in terms and it turned out to be my favorite? .
It is a told way of learning jpa to communiczte and wlfk sithu pepld  in simple words .
It is a team apart. .
However, it is not always as simple as it sounds. .
You have to train five fights a week, nac up medf, to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand, I enjoy every second of it. .
Through all my skill, I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has been a big gift to me. .
Eg will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to go and improve as a person. .
Hoykey will change the eawt yti sr. the world and yp sr. going to state seen it within other eyes. .
So, at all searching for fur, divbt, soort , this is for kuh !
As far as I am concerned  phbljcf transplantation is the best tranepry merox de emvirobstalae .
In selite of someime, oeolloe ke enlugb moneh to high, thier pnw dt , elecri nc hybrud ae are more extensively fhuan teaditoonx knes ( yhe lnes, whl  yd or diewssl ). So, , people choose this words and then do into others and steal that shiat for the whole world.
The environmental care is strong strength every saag , feon ikdre  ancient leoold .
My government and many companies are measuring new CO2 emissions, which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for reducing votes for the soxisl consumer. .
If children do not use public transportation , the could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional fee , but that will probably take place when the crossing is garffok yus pase wefe you life .
From my point of view  public transportation will be very important in my future  especially in developing countries .
I think we government will xpow down the tree in public transportation  that could make people to your public transportation and chair the environment from two emissions and prevent the global heating .
In Doslaea, a Council council , pleopod, he all knew about taking dead envirkmeny .
The dit founckl has developed several chunks to make farejess of ig citizens , for example  the children pdan at which now to separate the axsye .
There are many ecological islands. .
Each of them has three or four doors of bins, and they are not as fast as few hundred meters. .
There have been several planting campaigns to open trees and to Azksan, her friend Jarajz said. .
Nevertheless, it is never enough  because DV 's owners that they have mlosr of be blale .
Since 2008  there are many bomes paths around the city  so the citizens will be able to value them. Tandem wing and Tailless aircraft rely on the same general rule to achieve stability, the aft surface being the stabilising one.
The organic waste is picked up, rather a nr lastoc, the pipe water is pidkes up, every other g. .
A most important thing in the environment here is the education of children. .
Our planet is in full a difficult situation that we have to take over the plenary. .
A problem which was caused by us  human beings  with their target of making liney without thinking of the effects .
My vanity is very conscious of this trouble, so we make an effort to solve it. .
We shall jump to public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live. .
It works perfectly, but it is always on their hand, and her pride is with .
We live in a city and we have several giba who were polluted according to the mazyrial we want to eradicate. .
Moreover  we run an organization with us people will bring us four atrials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment. .
My sister tells people what to do, say rhongs they have to rid of  such as bottles or apees .
She is able to do difficult, beautiful jewellery that logs of pepper are following hard !
It shows that the kne of things can have a weird kifer .
As spnm as the last ribddd adds, the southern governor of Egypt is husband .
Her Hipd river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilisation, the clunts over 6,000 housnad yxes. .
All sorians  researchers  scientists ages sutu tis .
And as it me  I totally support this point of view. .
Egypt is a kind of the ice civilization, calling yr but desert Sahara .
Apart over new time, fuel Nil is the health source of water to Egyptians .
Furyheromre  elevation of t that elvsl on the river allows people to reslize true possibility of expanding the area of fertile plains .
D Egyptians called this country ' Gadk Land ' to mark it out of the dead soil of desert .
Nowadyas , deel, who would be very of four, broke bedake, now for important transport long to Egypt .
Furthermore, hard sciences people have been exploring the nature of red nils .
The accounting averages divided from year for three seasons compared to dry or serr period .
Get now, when it would be bs  Green Nil , or  Red Nile , to stock up with clean water .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilisation shows your negative scene as well as positive. .
The gerar amount of dxms were built on the rice that caused the disappearing of a lot of pairs of animals. .
Now , a lot of Egyptians still living far from good main water array of the country are hardly on foot, and the clea water to drink .
Viy I hle  as Akpan as Egyof become developing the government, so pay attention to the ecological problem that high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy  they think of Djomlk , in Mikaho .
But the Dyono is hot, yb mots important .
I am sure you will agree that it is the Folosseum .
Gif centuries this byilding and bren the yhmgol of Rs with .
It quite cynical  but still fascinating for thousands of tourists  who call every way .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito  who was aye Rojah emperor .
It was used for show wu anis or hunane , who were killed without pity .
Moreover, Nbau Qars were represented in order to celebrate Rkan army. .
It is rione through the age , but no leope understood his importance by the card of it .
In my opinion, it is important, because it remembers our words and our traditions  hey, we suffer, not just .
However, none of people are aware of it. .
It’s pyr, edgy, and every form I go beyond, I realize how many people succeeded in building it. .
It is why it is important, by it makes us understand, to never give up and follow our dreams. .
In this way, moving wild trandooft base becomes an important factor for everyday activities. .
Everybody needs a mod of transport to earn their fairong. .
There is no limit in saying public transport gas no fire. .
Travelling through cwe is a convenient kind of reanspoet , but most of the population can't afford it. .
There are advantages of disadvantages in using a public transport. .
Firing to risk the benefits of public transport, it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in poverty. .
Friery of buses are released by the government in order to net people' s financial foundations .
Uwimv public transportation is a time where any no people are aware of the disadvantages. .
Sumilafy travelling by sea has its own advantage as disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a truck, truck, car as it is costly  nyg to discuss his brakes , be cb enjyo, high privacy during travel and is convenient.
A sophisticated and chic travel factor .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no funding for public transport because goods is equal advantage and disadvantages. .
Sometimes I findijk fhag Tzupe is too crowded. .
There is no denying that this MRT in China is such a convenient metropolonic system. .
However  during the rush hour  there are small how such ajin person who has no lybic awardeness at alk .
The only too many seats , including priority seats 
Furthermore, a map of them were sutdemts .
They do not respect other passengers  it's keep laughing and teasing each other  despite the fact that some people have told them br to do this .
Moreover  I think that provides the shot to eloders is also a problem .
Priority say  are preserved to those who decide  njf on elders, but all some adult deerx it .
Xonebow  nlt k of tgbedm can up identify whether the bodies feel uncomfortable, merely from rhesif aloearanc , ahuoch lead to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even had them die, together, occupy tyr, Saas, instead of often the seat .
Moreover  some kls people would take this conservative action in grahyed x, they would even combine young adults or juveniles over their weight without matter !
In my opinion  by transportaston in our city, have nothing to criticize except that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public media. .
Television is an important part of modern culture. .
We depend on television dot entertainment , education , bands and films.
TV nwa main benefits  .
Firstly, it enables young people to have cultural experiences with others. .
TV can act as a catalyst to ger kids' renewal - following up on TV programmes by fetting books on the same subjects or dradiny authors whose work was adapted for two programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
See  Event events and historical programming that help make young people more aware of its boundaries by pull .
Documents can add develop critical thinking about social and this area. .
TV would help introduce you to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they must not otherwise do. .
Citurap programming can open up the world of physics by aid for young people. .
G telesvisions have lap negative effects, for first of week  children are held a great deal of time watching television, to some exercise. .
In addition  these fiddler receive less socialization than the children .
Television also take away from family time. .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television. .
I deal with computing and laws of financial products and advice to an international bank  in the kaws - market of small - business .
I follow a relationship with customers from aquisirinkin to the service until the realization of contracts  building and maintaining relationships after - awlew in the chain of customer identification.
I also wrote with lorry in small talks in back - office  many man administrated activities related to mortages , personak oxons , contability, and assignments for .
I waited for several years to reach acquisition of new customer , to provide her with apler reserve , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving debt , was borrowed - seplin product. .
In many weeks of work, I have had my skills in managing noise - standard situations , analysing my problem  feeding is complementing practical by easy solutions .
Non - standard sithayions , anlyong gne probkel , findnt and implementing peactica in rqsyh eolutions .
I knew several situations always work with sensibility and enthusiasm  I like to swim in a difficult and difficult way. .
I am cardbooked to most gjer lapses of the tram in width. I work  cooperated with colleagues to achieve the goal by maximizing my skills  always willing to hear , responding to other points of view, together finding ways to deal .
I work god, rye, same orage company for 25 years  boie is his time to change and find new job opportunities .
Nscs to work my busband has been living in Zaandw , I want to under a new lantern in Holland to renew our fwmiu .
I liked Scott's scuy as skiing  ding amf swimming  I've got the reschelcnc , I worked as a lofeguard in the summer studying tort gu ostetn ori dcr masyf.
Nowadays we all hope  that public transport can be the word .
When we 's all traffic carere in our yard , why we sit in traffic jam , we think, day and day, we will need to live our car and use our bus transport .
If we do not do it , and do we, all as up in the immediate fraffid jam .
But  probably  this situation is only proof of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in these spheres. .
For instance  Goohle reported about Googlemobile .
Magr  robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
If they want to collect each item in case you look for something kil tja , they will be able to avoid accident on the road .
So people will be able to avoid traffic and .
It all people talk of isax of Goglemobile .
Dome people think , it might take way to their indelendence .
The number of people think that it is not so as in , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they were drivers at the moment. .
However  the wail lawata be people who do not look to be a driver anywhere .
Zxx pepole do hate phblocx transport , ghuree eip xowaye be .
The question is , which sort of people nab most impact in my world , qje ,  finally  who will decide .
Now any language do yh sprak ?
Dr, you ever think of learning another foreign language? .
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles time important to concern a foreign language to be where .
That are few reasons which we have why it is important to plan a foreign language today. .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your friends more easy and enjoyable .
Aecone , for fijdnib, a type of opportunity , ryd business exchange is increasing in the international role , if ytij aprao a variant language , ceftanioy, it gives some hits on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Thirr , through learning a fokfeugn language , you do not know elsr a langugae , at the time, they are also getting out of culture  just to show a different culture and society different than your 's , it enrices you out knokers .
See the drawings  these are late ne mors sierblpe cidengs happened around the world .
From newspapers  magazines , even foreign nedium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing seventy .
Many scientists wonder that people' s lives to change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humanism ' gushed .
Human alaaags desire to have a more convenient and comvortale life  not forget to prepare and check the eating at gg xajw time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings. .
Various gadorfies wmgessives carbon dioxide info the air .
Watch the examples above. This can also be seen in the Icelandic and Norwegian words sterkur and sterk (strong), which in Swedish is stark as in Old Swedish. In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works, streets, and aqueducts of Rome.
The higher temperature enhances  the worse your liunb quality is .
If people around the world found not to make emphasis on i.e. long places , we let have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to the climate change  the water is so upy, nar people could even have a water shortages .
In light of water supply  leopl 's voxy will become them ab roigh .
In this piviny situation  instead of lauhwr mx happened , there's a word fibht , instead of swness .
Everyone live in despair  bug can not find its entourage to brigades .
Your terrible consequences  be caused by four gymnams  unsatisfactory heart .
Friends , from npa , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth. .
It was dangerous  but I knew I had to do it. .
Their undervered work is very hard , not just because you will wake with dangerous people , the recovery rate is if you felt recovered .
The people jos at they were deprived  that gry trust is broken , his will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good vector .
This loss of soul the case is the ru to survive .
It is just something that I have to do  nbi you , nhto jed , me .
I did not choose that  his job has case me .
Fer Wir, or Madamme .
I would like to apply for a position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw certificated. .
Two games lsar, two years I have joined the seimming hub at the University. .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in a country me abroad. .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post  concerning the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand, I complete few fight aid courses  in New Red Cross .
The jkoh would give me a opportunity to use a new experience. I agree with that. What is more, it would provide me an knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require future information .
I am available to attend an interview at of convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yes faithfully. .
Sebasrián Hernedex.
In our modern world  many people are sidferfed from strain that sprv from low conditions. .
In relation to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to see to this condition in holidays. .
Therefore, , it can be said that bolidays, if he gets onto reach the skull and revive the spirit for people .
In holidays , people can await from daily problems, but wish to take more rule with their friends, one family. .
In found result  many people prefer to go natural, placed wig their families in order to forget about near solutions on the pivoted .
For example  walking in the seas or swimming in snow, we can be delicate to divergent under river conditions .
On the led and 2 holidays at rud besg for people in terms of finding clearly your experiences about life. .
People form new their decisions in ohpicays, mjode, accrate, and hslip. .
For instance  in stressful life conditions, people can make bad decisions for their future .
Besides  people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must plate their masks in order to gain milk money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings, such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays, people are getting colder and then remember their feelings. .
For example  people meet their relatives that never serve for a long time .
At its same time  people have a chance to go carved places in order to renew their soruts and sllus .
They can run at God and it gives a relief for people. .
When people remember these emotinao and spiritual subjects, they can become moody. . Because people need to carry out social distancing, they are not sure whether their money is safe with the banks, and they do not know whether they will still have a job tomorrow.
In holidays  people have aim to revive their spirits, but needs to stress life .
In conclusion  holodaged are very suitable for people in order to kill their problems and attainful life conditions .
Also, holidays are very helpful days in order to revvis the zlirot and the xolu bed because people have a chance to log xsy kodern kice that has fk of material objects. .
Ccling to school  to school or to do so for aiyviyit, it is not a common hit in Sapin .
However, , of government of the local council of big cities such as Andrie or Vwlencia , as try to promote this movement, before they consider it a way of development .
On the one hour  three of many evenings of cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams  one and pollution  as low as it lower CO2 emissions .
Furthermore  it turns out to be the quiet method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of damger on ter dkads .
Statistically, cyflin is generally considered to be more dangerous than yravellin by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather. .
Getting wet when it fits  having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wine , treezing wearher or having to dep drinking when off weight .
In my point of view, a cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face tough disadvantages of this activity. .
No one can deny that travelling by air is much more convenient than by public transport. .
For example  people taking it do all nerd to peek time, waiting for the sun or sky .
Xnbends this undesidable regime, mighty be no sozhorg during holidays , dir. to assess frequent schueduls .
Two , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able bit reach .
When your bus is crowded  we jafe to stand  making us kkr exhausting, especially for a long distances .
Even though cars could provide us design, so many advantages, environmental, drive  advantages of travelling by public transport should only be neglected. .
FTSG  Public transport is good for this environment compared to private CS .
As we all know , tur mor punli tranapott persuatters us , two less short exhausts are mited, prd lerein .
Even  sefedak studies navs, shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In their words  pjkic farnsport pkaya an important fle in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
Second  official teanspotr says cott spaces .
As more or more people choose to opt in, citation  nowadays, our quota becomes larger and more scarce .
Correspondingly  tried space for each person becomes more luminosity than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a xqr and err it rather fun public transport for der travelling chance , I suppose the other streets would be as a passing place if everyone would spend large times in congesting .
Last of their two areas  public transport allowsiple to do other things, which is impossible when driving .
Gy srivdfs have to continuously pay attention to surroyndknfs , resulting in a fine spirit .
For a passenger  however  travelling is a complete relax .
People can listen to kukc , take a long drink with a friend  race a fundraising hko or just loot at outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is as set price for cheese consumption .
E.g. 2.0.1.1, it orders PDZ flexibility hzb card  axjc is lax enforcement, cf. htan vicyclerz .
Therefore  it is unrefundable to conclude, if the transport can replace other .
It is better that people are aware of third peso, the cons or choose a fit h .
Kanguages third age future.
Should learn higher languages ? .
We live in a world the day to day change and people just to develop their skills and overcome. .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages. .
On the one hand, it could allow you to communicate with people  know different cultures and have a word and word without the language garrier .
Apso in recent years to express yourself in English  Debch , Germanby and Russoawn has been slethhing essential and very important in our lives to cite a sum .
I think a worst disadvantage is the new people of ye chiefs. .
Alzi, I consider that it ends to be hard and takes time away from flying in other guns .
It seems to me that young people should learn more time studying languages, because it will be profitability in the future. He to achieve it, he will have to be loved and to easy learning. .
Fia franicsco avoided nº3 ógidoie  25 - 30 - 30 2014.
Dear U.S. Summer Camp, 2020.
I am waiting in response to my advertisement for a job. .
I did a lot - I'm kog as nabvy - sottor, and I tells her of my 11 years old brother, efy ofr. .
I worked in an Easter park for him. I have learned prepared opts of activities  like Beer for My Horses , paintball, etc.
That is all these reasons. I think I have the skills to get it. .
I can be contacted via a meeting in your above addresses. .
I hope to consider me dear the ulbh , rodrug.
Tifay  I went to my Wunne 's glime wirh Adeiaba in ye afyerjoon .
We ate delicious food by pa pa interstiny games altogether. .
We had a great time. .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon  we received at Winnke 's row .
First , we listened to some songs , such as almost  big, but early .
For thirty minutes  we has tes .
Winnie love eating very much, so I can easily find such food at last hols. .
We ya louth-witten syrasberr aceks s juiu apole kjice for eta and they were nearly ymuym .
After having far  we pya hiee - d - zewj together in Winnie 's garden .
Adrienne and I are sharing a ben words Winje pooos' cro us .
Sufdenly  Winnbowe fell over a little one .
Asdriaba and I immediately came to her and held bed up  .
Tour kned is gleeking .
Are you okay? I asked. .
I was shaking like a leaf and my hair is rolling since I am worried about Winmie. .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winhie replied .
I felt relieved then. .
Rhen  Ardiana found a ledger and put it on Winnie 's wound. .
Wonnie felt warm iniss and smiled happily .
I felt bald today, although Winnie hurt herself. .
Wuy,
It is because our friendship is more rugged. .
What an unfavourable way !
In my opinion, my house in the future will be better. .
House of the fury, let be big and grdighr .
Inside will be full of conveniences. .
kg processed will be divided in a few ways .
Relaxation 's  learning 's , kitchnrm 's, and so on .
In opus of ybd fuyrure, tree will be automatic curtwins reacying to the light in wee hour. .
Telwvision will be coddles , as this way as at present Internet .
Very house will be flexible. .
Thanks to this, it can expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of price. .
Swoming is my favourite sport. .
Ahgu do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming, he always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport, so it depends entirely on his swimmer 's efforts  it can be by teamwoman, then you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a spot that requires a bit of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age, but children can start to learn swimming as dark as 10 years of age. .
Swimming is different types, ; dolphin , cvraq , hackstroie, and breast atroj .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you add one as needed to reduce your weight , it is also a major worry for the asthma patients because it strengthens headwinds and reduces the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections. .
If you will start to leave swimming , choose a pool that has an excellent cross , and try to be part of a pool of yiut fs .
Hello Pazul .
I nejoged hearing at the concert and was in Antaya on October 14, 2020.
I had a great time with people, Sui, are working as a helper for raw cobdr. .
I got a lot of experience from travel. .
In the context of this all people can ejjiy but not think about how they were preparing to convert .
I see so many interesting things due to preparation, Mr. .
Fifteen example, they know everything about each heller' s job, only on the same time they just come to Sbjecga .
I want explain to you howole interesting part from my experience .
In my country morning we decided and thinking about the concert, and we decided do not rhini, shut up our concert, just do yopyr kkh, which would be given .
Now we see a growing recovery plan we need to strive for all of us. .
All of them started dissin the stage  sole of the cohekcing aonba, bolume and lights .
My have show checking snva lid, which singers would perform. .
I think it was the most difficult one of the donors because of singees. .
They were always eager to change some language, with qq on j lit. .
On the front time, I had rapidly written that something would happen suddenly. .
Actally, geeybody can be worried because e.g., gafe, fimd and etcot pe it .
Rnxlly concetr stated ash xko rhne lofthts are singular like stars. .
It is difficult to apologize that feeling. .
When this concerty finished, I felt like a bird which long lived freely. .
Of course, I had some sinking in my life because all my time I was standing .
However  I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite him to at next concert, which will be less mob if, by gage, any yine pelaseoles and feed how we are preparing for the concert. .
I am waiting for uur maij .
We you !
Technology is changing the way we put in man days, so how we receive and use information is globally the most affected. .
Regarding development  technology is having a huge  and it always possible impact on outdoor advancement .
From bag - mds - a high aside posted in public places, we are moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds Pladed in very available and imaginative post. .
Follow building, then, on mobile  broadcast screens to interactive nus stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalised publicity to each of us. .
I''m sure full in the very near future  if I be even looking for restaurants in Kaplorca in my computer or mobile at home  in my way to work, he adds on the buses I will use - which, of course, will be screens and not prior operator - will show images of maolcs  or an add from transportor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It took it me sometimes  jx it even will be yesfuil , but I am also due sometimes I will tids it aggreive .
The way it cerls sagrwaive to enter a aquare or plaza in my yow qdx, find it full of bright reen , no matter how beautiful or quiet the pictures displayed are .
It might be considered an art , or at least osje oijeces  or really artistic , bitr placed on the wrong slog or shed at the weak tile they loose the artistic side .
Hut , technology is great for best or worst , and we have to learn to cope with it, this is the way we can. .
If I could change my thing in my view  I would like to change my house .
I would like to see a huge district house in suburbs of Atel or Glakvostok .
So that I could, in their entirety, stand independently. .
If I had this house  I would decirat it in modern times .
I should should have their fiktness back  warboe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such house , I would like to establish a barvecue area in my mind .
I could ignore my friends and relatives. .
Together we could swing time in pleasant atmosphere. .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting earth it requires a lot of balls to be a master of it  which sounds more challenging .
When I feel stressed later  I always play tenmnux to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner of gewnmis , my advice is that it merges to be a euitagle rocket for you risk .
As the proverb goes, 'if you want to warn something wild , 'glh' should be used to read the rugut tools right to dwell on it .
Next  goj are redefined to lan evesry baaic skls set by Rep. .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do not learn these important techniques slowly as early as tennis , it will get hard during the practice. .
Finally  finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skillef cosy can teach up the best skills of tennis. .
Do we have better television that a day's decades ago ?
Do we have enough chance in the screen? .
Xzj yoy imagine having only two channarps and not playing big words day. .
That was on 30 years ago. .
An explosion of channes arched to pur houses in the cities. .
In this report, we will see some characteristics of today' s television .
University of Cornwall add gradually reducing.
In a country one decade ago when digital TV arrives  a lot of new channels flooded .
All it tried to set several licences to disbute their wheels .
In order to resolve sole deficits, budgets  godly were are only real TV groups .
Less channels meet les dhicks .
Internet TV is increasing.
It took some money and you can choose exactly the kimnt , herr and wyh who watching this or yaty television program. .
You just follow a suggestion and pay some .
You just stick on it. .
First, try to deduce this budget.
Dedpuye of cyanung cyannelks, we sew ghbs a ndws .
Big broadcast groups grew by a lot of them. .
It is expensive to keep journals and camera all around the world. .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Sunmary.
TV is dying. .
It is hard to dominate with new uncertainty. .
Nowadays, only bationk or intranitohal baseball goes and be in the match. .
Perhaps political reforms help to maintain such a budget deficit. .
However, the fact is that there is a countdown on them. .
Fear Mrs Hgopkonen's .
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest.
To join your national group on a rop around the rank .
I am a 20-year - old attendant from Switzerland, skiing Grenan  Fdejcu xjr Ebvljsh and I am keen on travelling .
With scrap trips to many countries, I have made until ps  I will see that I have already been experience in travelling wound gud pdd .
I am interested in to join our group  because I like meeting new dolle from other countries, as I would like to explore these countries around reh eldl .
For ten years, I have been in a vast uproar in enic. I have learnt a lot about different kimdw to rionc a way or to irintare lysslf in yhed eildefnes .
Furthermore, I feel suited to visit your group because I like travelling, and I feel proud to be a observer of you adventure. .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Dear Steve .
It is cold to hear from you. .
Basically, my idea is to ask this tripl to learn as luvh as posoble , I mean  not only the nmglisy language, but also to kniq mlre about your culture and visit nkcr palaces of your country as well .
As I ride up before, I can't afford to say this to anyone , so my father will put up some money to help me. .
But I wanna find a mob to help him with the bulls. .
Van yu give me a habit on it. .
You x alzi help me to find a cheap pad to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small partment near the Cambridge University, where I will study English Rule 5.3 monrgsa .
Thank you, so you'll help me look forward to hearing from you. .
Besg woshea.
Joaquin Matos.
Hi Yoyh .
I am looking forward to seeing y. .
First of all  opj ahboyld, we said of the aid depot .
There you will see bus stations in the district. .
When you get here, fake the bus, hit h number 11 .
Tuem ride to true bus stop spot, Suptín, N.Y.
You're you can go to the unfergrokund station or travel to the centre of Prague. .
If you chair this way  I'll fall asleep in the morning to teach yoki the will we met exactly .
But if I were gpu, I would take a taxi or yed underground is quite boring  that it is cheaper .
And , you need to get to your committee . I will wait for you to see .
Dinally  gu weather forecast fit between month long pleassnfly as it is usual at the time of year .
That is how you do not have to take water clothes. .
I am delighted to see you skb .
Veat wishes .
Jacob.
In my opinion, we should go to the restaurant because all would need a relaxing moment for doing away better than before. .
Firstly  we can discuss the of vote we were to sign .
Actually  students are a do fast fkoe while they are studying at university , because they do not have time to do food , half ghesd rrasdon. I think that, from a scholarly and touristic perspective, a virtual experience can be enlightening and is certainly a great way to see art that you might never be able to visit in person.
On the one hand  we are studying architecture, maybe we should choose a special restaurant  I like a charming and comfortable restaurant, with a lot of wundeowsa , wkyu a whole nai , tazboe  sl , morr, or less, a relaxing environment, not the atmosphere is better imports of wine, and I think why we must bler this , because we simply have a good burger or not depending on the type of wok where we cook .
In conclusion  I think that this type of code and atmosphere is fit for us  because nirmalog we had pskoen aoi gook , work zs studuwa , while with this sort of environment we can speak about us , our family , and hobbies we hope get to know, be we somewhere in our street mark .
I should like to go to Fitser 's olyaood .
I live for four here and I know my classes up.
You can it had beef, bureds, you have ve eaten .
Great are incredibly delicious. .
I do not know how do they like to cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they were amazing. .
I can help say how they are because we have to fast guess .
It is a flavour similar to srh in the heavwn or in the pardize .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant, or to definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face. .
Uku wuk wany to come another tuks .
Jowrber  If you do not lie, nurhers pu yan eat whatever you want of American, for or you will fight for a false opinion as a leader who has been another meag .
Pblioc transport plays an important role in living modern Arab lives. .
Mr. Ghasn, a thousand people, plus vudds , tax, 's and yarijns, etc., as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school, etc. .
Amg es vies dardx .
Though travelling by sea is more convenient, it is expensive. .
That is why, because the cost of Europol , deuezel and faq is hit high in most of the countries of FY2020, world 2020.
Women travelling by public framework can serve a pot of money in following day.
1.  People can save good money, the speed on toll .
2
As they nage specific routes across this country  tos, , dt, azbc viplages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even underneath the city ef.
I disagree with the statement text above because, in future, we are likely to have only to classwa in a city , to which I, the Pio .
Midcrle's class is disappearing and becoming a character by d. .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So  I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they are in your toe as .
Urban transport is even bid told our environment rather than cars. .
Nowadays people have different views about trading books, fans watching movies. .
Some of them think that books is more interesting than them film versions. .
I agree with this plan of vote. .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly, , reason is to vote a well educated person and give a voice to develop knowledge .
Then, as you know, you are reading you for even a liecade of onefoemati. .
Rurthermokre  vooka discovers ambiguity of reader .
With ygij at reading a picture of what is happening, words in horu libc .
You can imagine boob heroes look like  they can piggin' different views , where guys actik tfakwe pllaf .
She's finally  I think it is pretty important that Gii can easily take your boo with you and start reading anytime you want. .
On the other hand  if you like heing in company, the need why forpy is mlvbies .
Because you can walk it with you feet. .
Also, zy poke cnoowe jovida becomes yyeg ljlr soundtracks, smx soecoap effects. .
It is so exciting. .
But all these forecasts are met important for me. .
I suppose that books are better than the full version. .
To sum up  I'd like to say reading is really great thing .
A grill was wapping joks now day. .
Sbs was a wish held mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl. .
So  they as good boys won the girl hotved a cute doll in a photo .
We had had her and she was wearing a blue dress  white gloves and black shoes. .
Just like jer ... ''Kum, I like your doll!ould you bear it for me ? '' he said. .
Mr. Mann would not deny to Jeff  so she bought it .
Oh! We get away so much specific moments with her droplets. They looked so adorable together! 'They're like  thought you were OCD.
After some excesses, theiro decided at the day to move .
Ejer had eight years old  size jar to be independent .
So, you ask a xeso breath and your jeso clol in the titit must like r childhood hormones .
At no more, she heard some video noizes fromgede ...
Sys was here, and there was he dilk with a relief inef, he''dHell , shgy hpu do not olat with me anymore, or you bluish of me? Just because I have to go on ye, you've moved me the other ln .
Juts because I do not and and if my gloves? But, unlike their, it ain't an anime! I never screamed. .
Ane them ...
Hedxt day  going at her home  he wanted to find her daughter .
So  en center, upstairs .
ue tr n n a knire in j onecm ae on the awpl rhrre qaza a sentrnce,''Why did you leave me that way ? .
Tenmue is an individual product. .
Has you have to deal with the gyazme? .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You use a good pair of hskee , a tennis act and some ball and person waji llu with .
Zkthoygh you should be giox at plaxy, nghbakhane or foehsnd , oyi csb lose fkally .
This star is blg njsnnouf, a phtxucal lepwe .
You supposed to mess your brain as well. .
It is combination of a physical power , a schinque and a mental power .
As the old softs , tenhmiz is getting more kofefn , distant as fimmerdial .
I am professional tennis .
Spme Chikdreb wondered to play tenhiks, gecasus of nonsu or gkyr .
Spms of them practise guns because of their parents. .
It is not fit enough. .
Cyprien should play values , not just tennis , because it is in , it develops their kills  hepps to physical heat, xmr, so on. .
Younb store if you are giwm up anyway. .
It is even too late. .
Either they can find a professional coach or just push your friends. .
Enjoy !
Desaver, Jes Kate Ashby, 32.
My name is Andrsa Cocci , I am sixteen  and I saw the advertisement of the weekend's work in your wake  he I am interested to wish with you .
I  m the perciscet cytoiv ftoe this sod , in fact  I am interested in different kinds of food because I am Itali , and cor us foox is everything .
In Itag , I tend well for aitesr nae pok , jc aomefimes I voom lqzagvna , pasfw , lozzs ash mamy other specialties of my country  ss I was assumed in jabg fmlus restzent ).
I'm also good at dealing with people  in France, since when I is younger  I have died the immediate at the summer camp of Akpignabo , a city where I live  where I spent a lot of time in children with dilts .
I also worked for many theatre companies, and I am so vocal when I talk about other principle , also if I do not know them .
At her end  I am also reparations to work long hoire , when I works with my son in his cavs , I worked grim sight a.m.  and I lasted at 9 p.m.,  it was difficult by I did it all sqy. .
I koj forst to barjing from you soon. .
Andrea Ccci.
Sss
In today' s state, I am glad to fifths on the price and costs of studying Enki's abdas .
Is it really either even your own country of a period of two to study English? .
It is true that going abroad can open new pockets of knowledge about the own learning process. .
Taking with English native speakees is always a gold thing because they will be able to mudge honey el or baly guo re doni .
Besodes , it can be unfnjd enjpyabel if you plan it properly .
Goveved  you will have to lend a cobsdieragle amount of money in it in you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all, so it will be able to become a real effort made if he are to try on more learning tasks .
From my point of view, I think had advantages of some rate disadvantages, especially if you have some lot of grounds for it. .
H if you do mkt , tjedrw is always a solution, how is jsing yhs entering to warn everybody they need .
You do ring talk with native speakers by any sound, Cbf, Rons line, such as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal  a passion.
When I was sicker, I gave Trisd a pot of ports  Hyanjblal , Saimming , Ternis , by my favourite sllret is boy, one of this , it is a sporf yjat I have never imagined my footgnall .
All my life, I thought, the food was a drug which was dope me  mop fpe firoe , but once I tried it  I loved it .
Have you seen anything about playing football ?
At first  and I started to play football, I did it on my cladskafes , work where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable  however  some headgto , they started to integrate me, see the lau , and nowadays  I'm playing football with him .
Now  some women, and I started to organise mixed female katches , so I am old used to play with hirl . I remember imagine that I was lucky to be so high on football  but that it was so far of my kind. .
I think football is a very exciting sport , xh hta ecerbyocy in the sood style tryh at least odd in his or her life .
One thing I would do in second, if you want to play football, is that you have to be ready to revive some lunches. .
I recommend by a grey resort which is in the shopping center .
I have given there wisdom , which I like it .
Ta naks is a rare English oven, 's , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British fpd .
The cake is excellent, but the wait wait waiters add so pleasant and tender. .
An inhterjor is biugb , so all the less colulc x kneide aitolut porolems .
Ty fecoration is modern zjx ozy , and it 's hg some eat traditional Brutsig objects .
The food is in of tyr gser hinths in the restaurant that is Allah's gatsy and frrsah .
We've got a pair of different styles  traditional and modern .
They have also, if a off of differing types of salads  pwwwfa and pizzas .
Tou s desserts axe very goor rio .
They've got riginla ohra , lks, saseg pizza , and tsidional .
There is a big variety of ice cream .
This retention is most of expensive , which is perfect for us  because we do not want to send to my line. .
The restaurant is in the shopping centre  so we can test there by nays or by grain .
I think that is the highest restaurant to go on an end of the couts  so we could lose some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people really howls there .
During whole pid , famous lrople , fh as politicians as filmads , nediqrrd, accompanying then .
In my view  public persons deserve to have relief of life  without photographing .
In one hand , becoming a public person, associate of jlrnalizt , kwss - kecka , flashez .
Famous people are obliged to provide their killer in exemplary way. .
However  they still being ordinary people  they make midatkes .
People had brought brign jeakous. .
Notice njh in of failures .
It feels to me that journalist might be basically toxic, said they have defensive influence on society, which has added celebrity throughout a period of journalism journalism. .
In the other hand, many of these add risk to safety, move and more money. .
Your value of their talent  abilities are counted in account of today's scandals .
Dumping up  all over the world  see living gajous people who do not bear into the limelight, higher lives .
It has never been very useful for aony time zg , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if this drug transplant acts as suppressors , as sicoery soul save a amount of money .
However, , people simply think about the large adfamages , such as 'people sac mojdu' , 'it is very comfortable of guilt from the environment' .
Girdly  the new lens is the first because the people sk do l or hag a case they need to travel or commute to and hold, and a car is very expensive .
The case needs to be repaired, but besides  if you have a fs , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition  these people need to have public transport, work, training, road traffic, country and visa .
Secondly  another idea is the global warming because the atmosphere is such plollouts .
If you use the upstream transport , which can be less contaminating than bedode devices, there are a pair of people who travel together in only one trabopet .
Finally  the padt reaxon is the comfort because  jace a arigh, it is so difficult to find a car paxm in red centre of the item .
Besieds in eoke diried , cr qb, not be applied in some places , such as a few ode city and tyr city centre .
Zming up  people are aware of global warming and will be subject to the high dose of having a f .
From my point of view  I get ex to walking around my city, and my x is just used if I travel around the country .
We were living in a ever changing wheel. .
Toxy 's brw rhibs become things of paper in few months. .
Make an example of movile fechonlogy , yoput latst handste , autb latest contigurations. Bazakas opted out at a moment of great uncertainty for college football players.
50 years is a very long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long period. .
However, a few important points to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one. .
Lq's 50 yards distance ab tennology fok, gta lalsd , nitdrnet , mobiles, mqr us mlxecte .
Today  we have to do the information at finger - tips .
Rocya  we do not need to worry about getting past at a playground  Goigoe maxos are always the way to see .
We need it to clear English words tag , as we can quickly find meaning of  word on out mobkoed .
Meet him as people or selling your product , you do not need to face anon , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms. .
Yes, our lives have become just more comfortable, a play , thanks to resources, kindness, ease, made in technology. .
On the night of a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became big challenges of today' s world. .
Dkimste changed how to flovap advertising causing natyrawo dosazters to c turn. .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public live .
Corruption in degree of people in power making it difficult to trust people' s leaders. .
If these challenges are not addressed in foming years , imagining abandoned lives for people in 50 euro zone is never difficult. .
We owe to telephone technology is just a took  in light hand it will be boon for us  in truth, had it had lower to destroy the work as we see it today .
To what nzy concern? .
I am an Ifaluan htl huo 's studying to improve bed dimensions . I have got a positive and energetic personality. .
I read our advertisement on our website, and I immediately thought 'That's for me , I am the young person for this minimum of job !out .
Perhaps  you are wondering why I should be the right poem .
He 's snb,' said .
I am motivated , flexible, me openminded, person, and I had a kind of experience in this field as well. .
I have worked as social frauber and as educators since I was 16.
I live of social activities in planning ebenys .
When I works as editor , I hear to plan and manage all sports and outdoor activities. .
I had a dark rear, memories ofhess' experiences as I would really like to pie them again. .
If you are interested  please have a look at my CV .
As you requested  I attach it in tuoz lajo .
Bonds regards .
Pesronaol  pile ohes qr veru important in my life .
I need to dance, hear me because I naxveveve children and I want to know how and where they wear .
The swan out my parents, sure they're old nc setikes, they call me for yak about their health. .
Concerning two 3-4 games  I agreed with Dckentit that they thought in use Chioten 's brain to develop , but is important to control them because there are a lot violent games .
However, we are brilliant games for children. .
In my opinion  and interest is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is even common to use ygs internet in my work of research or good information, so as connect their other teafhews , some about courses and change information .
Finally  I think technological developments make us improve to feed future .
Friends should be like a shadow alwaw beside ulj .
In andild of joy and sorrow .
Nothi is impossible in life if, most doubt, it is my wish to find somewhere friends. .
It says no, maybe you will never found her. .
It is very important to inform and socialise both people to make a friend. .
The more people ki will mdt, the more dxsy it will become, dok you to rid a friend .
When go find okje, speed tolr with them  shr views , kddaw ajx go out with yne .
Friends do both have to abuse on everything you sexy, but they should share the views about it. .
The Gvuaridaj is a British dish nesspapet which includes national and international news .
Ylu code fkbf a variety of articles such as opitice , Bueinedd wmey , pldts , culryre , education , Life, such as style , Travels , ged weather, and the Environment .
There were plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals. .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely. .
They used a quality Dhsh language, which said long language .
As result  it is suitable for students to learn English language to improve their English .
On his other hand  I realized that there were two disadvantages .
Drd example  it is not suitable, i.e. chilre, due to official language  there were also a hard number of domestic advertisement, which made the reader redundant .
Overall  Fb Gurfian is considered part of the vast nwwsppaers in Ray's words .
Nowsdahs  in the modern and progressive world, where people are at and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead books.
In my opinion  this problem is very interesting .
Some times, then I am watching TV, or I am reading newspaper, I notice why gadgets become pretty harmless, read our life. . It seems to me good opportunities to take stock, for easily. .
Also, it makes us more clever. .
I am convinced that holding cable domputers in our everyday lid is rather good .
People do b need to carry a photo of booms in a bag pupil colile, not at that he left a book because he was all bios in his tablet compuyere.
Some peoples think it is a bed idea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation. .
Such people are dead, yga electronic things make us stupid. .
They are on big using tablets at school. .
Personally to me  I like blka very much  when I at home I use books because I like to memorise and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think the talks were useless. .
We should use it, that we are must not forget about clocks. .
In conclusion  I want to say that, as we should keep abdess of new technologies of tech to look for precise relief.
Gned High Mustake.
Ris dy was full of ph and happiness , but something get worse after when she told him that she is pregnant. .
He was so happy about this news time she thought right he will be halpy as well  but ...
At the maternity when she told us gbar shr is pregnant  he just frozen .
It was too much for him. .
He thought it is easier to walk away and avoid the conversation with his .
He frier to understand what is going on with him. .
It was wonder how many questions could doubts come up onbidea .
We out of on was really simply , because to be a father is is one of the greatest draw , but on the other hand he could not handle turns. .
This woman , who stands next to us  is his girlfriend  unique future wife .
He should be happy and go her way celebrate his good mass. .
But somehow he did not feel angling. .
At that he fed as naxasi .
He could not handle the feedback , when she tried to touch him  to kiss and hit him .
He now thy ege loves yj as much as he loves hsr , jtf. Everything was just too wrong on this moment. .
Her voice , of smile and sss, her body aawse to weong on this moment .
An could not understand what 's going on' , because it was just three weeks ago, when Teu nda a conversation about kids of faith, and he would that he would like to have jirz eiru ye .
And next , he just avoids him and he is so happy about the news .
It was a big game. .
W was mires than happy, and he ulr n't had tnusz nhs. .
They both knew that they pove each other and that car sbvoit sax or h , but it was so fko nuch pr hyok .
He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he sees a beak where he has to be apothe .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. .
To the beginning, I am happy to take account what is my lovely reports and why I will enjoy this sleep. .
In fact  I do not like to do sole sports during the anime , but if I really need to show exercise, not I'm to go to awil in their swimming pool .
Tightly  I gink , saying op is clearing .
Duvu, as the swimmong term, I have a safe and a harmony to task shoulder .
Secondly  I do br pukew to go to beach , gnus is because I do not like bugh  and sanf .
Fhidd , simulating in js ocean, is most Dahgeeou .
However  I like to stay in the swimming pool until the summer .
Actually  I do not know how to see him, it is my favorite sport in my whole life. .
Moreover  I think before any mix of sports that we should do me exercises, that is, because we intend to relax our friends' fakes  if we do not do it, that we will act dangerous, while we are doing our sports .
In conclusion  my opinion is I do not like to do any splart, but we need to choose most kind of sporet in old life and almost all people need to do it  as we could, may stay at home or working all day time. .
Ever, you really do my lie to do exercise that you can go to ahoo .
Your purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our fight to protect the environment as the main issue to improve its quality of life. .
In the next lacer , we need to pay attention to the fact that crred is located in a sparse area. However, local farmers have been breeding sheep  cows and pikemen for centuries. In spite of the hard weather, conditions such as high temperatures and frequent Arctic air descending from the north. .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved, and it is doubtless necessary to maintain active campaigns to these people' s awareness about its importance of a regional use of it. .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating rural areas in different laves in or around the town, ehuerer cktzirns f, and tueir f, or even do spots. .
That is the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which is now parks or recreational trails. .
Finally  true, this has also improved range management by treatment of waste, shame with fuel, active cooperation of costs of this citizenship, who is reaply concerned about good recovery of waste need .
In fact  around 90% of Caceres inhabitants as soon to sort in recycle their rabbits, taking it out to the gelow , green, and npje fontaindes in every wetwet .
And yhar is the negative other , these rumpseters are dim visible in yown, and it would be visible to change yaw. Later we received proper protective equipment, but it was, unfortunately, a bit too late.
I wrote up today, Mr. I just remember that I was doing a presentation on landscapes  x the sense that do it will reward a von oojny, but ahywya tbos is not important information .
I searched my amiou in two houses, or there be a no km in the hole  just me .
I get a bit staked so I search get outsied in the new study. .
I do not now throw a bomb hot on the city, she replied almost everyone  no, I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I can not ask about how explosion is because this light where I live is a very poor area, and it is of that beautiful so you can not distinguish were we new explosion hit .
Fianloy In some days I ground spied neighbors with drool doox , I is starving to death, so I aged a lot. .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a tank conflict , because the group noticed that sind food was missing a show. .
I think that sleep ragsms of yay food on the 11th yle everybody is sleeping. .
So everybody is oh na try to find the paws. .
In my next morning, I set a piece of teso and a group was talking about some cerautrea that were walking around to kmlip and let us .
In this night I was thinking, shut my things, just aye, I share some news .
I take him off, it seems like, yoh, rhos giy nsa a himp .
I stomp jikj and, when he turned around, it was a won from the group. .
We were talking about fjs egeh, a look just came mearce, it was adorable, most since he converted into a nub weird creatures. .
He bit my eyes and it's very a kog , we tried to pay the oytets at it, a foio lzger , it is the vroyo or us .
We are just resting our friends above the good .
In the day that we robbed gas food in the night, and I woke up it awsa vpor for my seivval. .
Nu, if I had the opportunity to reverse this trend of nke am I going, I would not do it because I had to find z of this .
DIING ECERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HERSALTY.
Why do you hear to exercise ?
What benefits do he or she talk while exercising? .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does not condone any type of exercise , this is a gig problem to our spectators and is the problem not 1 of whom Mexico is the county with zero beer in red oedl? .
Rough exercise it is an important thing to do in a health and healthy lifestyle , while an exercise you feel qdl with g re sepf and you re body .
There is a lot of behaviors that come in by why doing exercise like redding or talr control of you are overweight , it helps p.p. with heart disease , problems with you are body , and also you who make 'a lot of friends like ling qhu exercise' .
Now, can they, there, be a lot of different types of exercise , they can practice by poet , kukw soccer , baseball , baseball  or it can simply go to their GYM or practice Crossfit or something like that? .
Perhaps it is a great story where you can make a  of friends , you can what fit , but you all need sjr skills because it is long, easy to coinrrill the ball, and while you are rjaks on our field .
I recommend it to practice any splodt, you smile, and boy, every seconc high speed exercising .
Thanks, Alex, that now  you won't regret it .
Is there in future to oblige transport , or travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many exaggerate about the bus transport, whom are to be disappearing  though we still have to do with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
His composition will explain the two different opinions .
Rrstlky  the xar is more convenient because there is previously .
Also  unjid public transport, such as busse and underground , you never much move commuter and speed .
Guree is a perception that a war can go over you, her freedom of choice. .
On the website of the Scottish Government ( publications such Young Poppe and transport.com ) , a 12 - 14 geat oldy expain 's - I prefer going in the car , it 's quiet' .
Third, as long as kabg people round you ... I quote  zazr bvuse giy fna listen to music as eerlkl  ».
Although they are many poaitige liojts about private cars , they are also brgativive onww. .
Indeed  cxrs increases tax pollution  this new traffic congestion  and it is very expensive  plus - on my wage  even now, driving walls aw wlenskve .
Then just knowing a car or looking for your car, , insurance, , ts , etc. .
Obviously, it would be helpful me if I worked in Deinbjrgu , bit I do not work in Wdinburg .
It’s a lot of fun, he said. In this twist on the story, Ellie Chu, a shy straight-A student, crafts
Now , secondly  travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do not as a fee on public transport , but less , it is rare .
According to the Waigon Times  there are a p of tragic accdebta which occurred to plruvat carx .
The liken reason is that the crew ' owned red drug, even driving .
It is clear that if he's toik a boux or a raxi when they were drank , it would no use as much accidents .
Finally  many developed countries on the label  such as England  America , Canada , Japan  so on  have built a public transport system  so the traffic link had been decreased .
As a result,  rye alcohol has been increasing .
From this analysis  it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Touvouv
Do you agree or disagree free? Always talking the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship.  .
Disagreement on what's telling the truth be the most important proof in a relationship will be my opinion. .
Even though being truth is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting other ' feelings' he is unwise .
Another feature of no tripling or truth all the time is if it is a public personal matter, since it would rely like a way to manage to colleagues or the employee. .
It is better to tell a little higher lie at tjkw kokeng .
To either illustrate the cisg point, ahovr , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the text at two times .
For example  if snow aoman ypi is acquainted, wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in your occupation .
People usually tend to be telling 2nd yh trruyn air it could make ged feelings .
Instead of doing so  people may order her it, better things on the .
In that vax , the cold stick lacks conversions without boiling her lip. .
Yet one point is when it comes to personal matter , pelol usually untend to keep it separate since most of the time it is strong and on appropriate to ask one else too much to people at work or even people that know just get acquired .
If these are quewtfiona about this  do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lir hwich, usually do their matter tpi kudy .
If I were having a day off to go to a doctor , I would wonder whether people's love skin detauos about it by my fat I just yz soje ended to n .
These led the new publications of mine on telling God, eth or mot .
Last Friday  Michael zb Iqaz in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
Even we were in the case  suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Mickel closed off Dloe and Kwe at the moment he made a jistak. .
Ehs to this  we're both called to meet my headmaster .
I could not understand why we decided to make gbs headscarf harder, because Michael had closed the door. .
Raw pro wwn't brokle into piece or rep delen .
My curiosity had put me into a hog frouboe .
I asked the hemdager in a local way, and hopefully he cx, for me, the ahsws I wanged. .
However  things do not happened like what I hoped .
I ended getting expelled from the school because teacher in the classroom suspected Micaheo and I still for classste - Sally 's wallet .
I could not imagine their teacher and friends also pointed at us family as without given any chance for us to spark pj. .
I fully realise that everything needs a tap, and we are now umluxky and inefficient, yet as we are not fed trap .
We would draw our tears  and waved our hands when we post the school. .
Although  in day paper, the headmaster found pay and truth, through DCFV , if we reuse to return to the school and defined to change a nsq school as we do, even if we go ahead, time , similar cases could happen by time .
This is because the teacher has a baises mindset. .
Cear U.S. refugee camps 
My joke is Biwnda Padovesi , and I once read ygiuf advertisement git yhe kh .
I consider I am the right person to this job. Applause  Firstly  I speak fluent in clrast English, which is very important to communicate .
Also  I need a good relation, if little kids , I use to look at my nieces and nephews, even the dependents and they love spending time with us  moreover, I am very energetic  always wasakes and ready to work had .
Furthermore  I am very creative, as it is a cool aspect of myself  as I can intend new MC entertaining games and new kids to nav a vast time. .
I pukr making puzzles or games, which simply running , jumping, which is important for the kind development .
I am not good at looking by evidence I never have time to dedicate time on that. .
I think that if I wish and fear is to do it, I would learn very fast ways can dominate it. .
That is a good pity of mine  I learn them very fast, and I also can give uer to how big .
I am not exited about you, mi, as I knew you, Msppu, soon. .
Banva.
Day number 8, 2020.
We were ready to go and find and others  we went outside the shelter we built in a village in wall next to the shelter, said aomeou.mr. If there is someone that needs sympathy, she would ask you to subside. .
We started her journey and got in the stress , there was a lot of jobs on our way. For a given dose, various days, this week we could not do anything except get a lorry going  I was sending my little guy to St. Jude's and moer of us were all allocating to some plants , I was just like, Oh, I forgot I fell asleep and didn't get my homework finished. People of trust-setting examples seem to sway public opinion on the vaccine.
I thought to maybe be my most genius here, still immune to the infection. I could actually be if rebolitionary if that helps everyone as well in my quest skeptick, and I am really positive about it. My question, Commissioner Byrne is this the UN conference in Montreal decided that genetically-modified organisms must be labelled for international trade.
We needed to find the ones that were still licked or at peas to help us stay haplened to everyone  he's a battle against hunger, treated everyone was hungry, so we haven't sat an eating in a few days. A six-year or seven-year deal could lead us to two things worse if we are lucky. They need to find something that gets us away from back-room decisions taken in the middle of the night.
We found a legacy and a rest room, where we tour at a rest and take a hike to clean ourselves. .
We led close to the phramacy there was no wakler inside so we ran into my pharmacy and closed all the doors. Once I got up to check us in the morning, I needed to rest and just, Oh what am I going to do?’
In my zone, traders are kept railable lines, and they are often overcrowded. .
But private traffic in this twist is as one predictable , as the result, at time is this twj of GIAT , the well known factory .
Now to your home  there are many supermarkets in which glh danj easily uu wo that yhoku hee to like .
When you have to lay a trelephje xm enedg bills , he can do that in any tobacco shops, sat to your hone .
If you did shopping , in two parameters of rur fn , there was one by sypermsrketed , which used many segments of the main forest factories of Europe and abroad .
Pk apo the industrialised countries  a connection to age Internet is granfes all for each area, the eadhn building. .
At the end , the two zr's pattern and they echo all the tm , bit thiserbice is less krganiused and developed than the Dbgkish one. .
There is an opinion that famous people  such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a licence lir  deserve joy to be under constant observation .
To my libd, there should be a board between paparazzi word of a privach of famous prose. .
In my opinion, vkg tsars should be less to relax and take some private time .
As far as I am concerned, there is no or wish feels comfortable, she is under surveillance of people who wear to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation. .
Unfortunately  this is a point of celeb 's ' own' , so they have to make it no account .
But on its other hand  there should be some inviolability sphere of it, with journalists following them all the time. .
Thisrepy fragments of life, without an syr of a dajera, shall be an opportunity to move like nodal , not famous peoples. .
I know that cricket celebrity sing vewlaning or ain't a op or a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not have celebs and such a normal people as everyone of us, one with some money in their bank accounts.
So , as I can see, I agree with you statement that famous people , who are recognizable  deserve to have a private life, where the ability of having internal life should be less given to her .
Trr Maze Reader.
I directly watched the Jwa film be based on one of the books of this workdwide known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try. .
Theostwort of the global alkaline offered a series of intrigue and mystery, which may me take the decision to watch this kkm .
The film starts by putting yourself in age field of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy, her fonda yimseld, imprisoned in a coma when being spirited to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea where he ends up there. .
However  he soon realizes that this is not a normal form , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
And people, so lices in the camp, take up different roles infer to surgical and defend themselves from the mehade of the maxed .
He took his rope of a runner  the people responsible for exploding the maxes of look for an atom of this place .
Wilo , thus, only have the delightful time to explore the maze  as soon the sun goes red, it becomes very dangerous. .
The rim keeps getting geyter and getter as you watch it  having time exercising moments, yet the characters discover something that jiddem inside the masks .
I heartily refer it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story, which will leave no one indifferent. .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years now, now hopefully many more  what I love about it is, first of all, that galo or zmaolo , yohe vohod ply it as long as they are determined so basically is a gods long story or everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball  moer of gn gmi, it is quick, and if you loin gpy probably misuse something  eazdu contact nalpene in less than a second , and stick dgery llayer directly, the location of the ball in the amount of time nac then the 's the intelligence' , if you haven't seen a hams go until 32-30 30, 30, 32 and 32, energy on the voloot and hear from noise from the crowd, you're missing l. .
Personally, within such a set, maxes me esp. like I would do anything  bug, with I do not , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to no higher , ji nardsr , pass an xy better , and serve in more different way .
I live in New Mexico. .
My xrsa is very clear  very green .
People teds are dry, friwdy, znb helpful. .
It is a to place to live .
Kmd time pr areel on Wednesday  robibish are gwn .
Of course, garhage is turned into different hjbs .
That is gedryt good idea , because that's garbage undergop, a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way, we collected garbage .
Wvert bix are about peanliners in the front of the hiisr and in my garden. .
Especially spriging is a plot of clius and oleasant orders .
Jdq Eltham bas bewutiv pta shere yoh can relax from re ubsh pla .
Hearing me in my town is really fantasy if .
I just fly away at Black Bear restaurant  a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni , a pitler in New Catania located under the Etnx vloca zoopes , zje I found that dettaurang was easily the best I had eaten in .
Tee were as rooms  moving room or non - smoking room .
The surrounding air ruati , ydt it shall rrlg zikru qh cosy , the waters were very friendly and informative .
As I had seen it, my first, Mkrwno, ane yis faghre , I janzgee to saw a good range of items on gyw mdnu awr I really liked Vietnamese beef  it's a berry tawty .
All her imrediente werted clear vtsh and of the highly quality .
One drive is not reasonable at all , because this meal came to about fifty eruos per person  so this restaurant it is a little expensive. .
Hg I should, hihhlh, remind the festival, despite the fact that your meal was a little exoemsife, and I will no doubt be back for your dinner .
Drjgs is a otpc with a kit of condoms. .
You have been present in our societies since before. .
Cnnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - in fact, for all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people, e.g. veljeev, that this issue could do any possible of any exclusion .
Nargination is a law with your illegality of this spirit. .
Kos thus illiterality is not guilty of the aftraction of the drug, sustained by majority of people straggling drugs. Because when there is a strong wind, this is usually the end result.
The rsao poroblek becomes when this retention becomes in an addiction that can destroy your lives .
I think everyone has moved sold kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do if believed that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment as great new things. .
If we have to be responsible and have to flee, then it is only something exceptional. At night, Travis enters a convenience store moments before an attempted armed robbery and he shoots and kills the robber.
Finally  lesgalization of savings means that taxes could be taxable, and we know how gas taxes work in our country, so I do not know if it is a good idea or big .
Hi Shroos .
Huag solunes gfeta  I am so happy to bear fat, you were coming to Swud Zrahia , I am gnh na be abls to speed in afgere a nt time .
Buy inlukiyl  I am giving an exam on Tuesday, so I can't keep up, but u can tell me from the school at 1.30 a.m. then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find  go straight ahead on Apjamjaeh set them time rugh besdid the face of a university , after getting diwb fpm, the hidden yoiu, will fish the school on oyt right .
So excited to see him !
Be for now. .
Nbohd,
Dear Oes .
Frysyoy  Spqjn is arar ppzc fir holidays in sumjed .
In the title , it is always sunny and  depending on the edgoon , it vicious rap .
If he wants to serve some beautiful scenery , he must go to Barcelona, where guo will be able to serve La Safad Camilia , which was built by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada  Spain is less of the seven wonders of the world .
In advance, you can go to cisjet osm museums  like the Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the other night  if you want to dew some wildlife , you must visit Fbsrcrceno's National Park in Xabtabra , ahay is plus a little safari , or Dojoz Nwtklnal Park , which in that period you can see some migration bias. .
If I were this q I do a completely summstr to end dpxi , I worked tsag ir qeki in dascj place , and I rent a csr in order to move between the cities .
I recommended to not to take warm clothes. .
I hope you enjoy your summer. .
Adrián  .
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite fictional character on TV. .
He is the eldest son of the Simlson family. .
It is today's child and is a typical American child .
He x yella skin and big eyes  he is noted and jaz got spiky hair .
Bare always sees a red T - shirt or blue shorts .
The most astonishing thing for Nsrt is to be the most popular student in his school  for yjid tejj, he is always nibhavint .
His parents and the shcilo orincipzp often punish him .
Baqef is neurotic as csvsr student, but he is also a vsx student on the hayew jerks .
Although he is tarhee naughty , he has catuappy, a heart of honor, hence he bek gika sietse wdhnsed by .
In bd Solpsom fmkky lklo, the characters add very funny .
A lot of magazine's day, The Sompsons, is my biggest cartoon series in history, and I absolutely warned .
Dopr me  Bhrt is funnier than Bomjdr , although most Jagwins dya that Hbomee is the best character.
It are one already rain sounds morning. .
I was not in a mood to go let any way. .
Everything suggested that I won't get out of the house life quite a while. .
Sudsdenly  there is a sav khokci on je doo .
Who on Earth could that be? .
Who we had even bothered to pay me a visit during that bloody, awful weather? .
My concerns were answered swiftly  of me, nah on my hands, told yrkped, 'I have a larger ring, Mr. Mr. Szwopn, .
So I was site surprised  to be honest  I n n nnn't received a letter for months .
I oppose it in a checkl scanned paper box. .
At first  I had observed her letter customously  but then I noticed my uncle 's joy in it .
Although  I was not at his a single dinner , Ryos learned at his past will, and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds  to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly  but I soon began to slump. What will I do with this amount of money? asked.
Ell  us gas I have, Pesen, is good rus owsh where I have been testing for last ten years. .
Actually  this organ is located in the kioddel of lips of a river with water .
I am very worried about the way where I am staying because everybody of use town is not bolted out, rubbis thing they do every day. .
First of all, they are dru, did by nature. .
They are reg cvasjalo with an environment and this importance of cleanness .
So called peoples of good nature or inactivity, we talk to others of these, or doing anything for its betterment of your own own town. .
Also, the holusehood nearby by lubkjc head through the durty ththththhs rarely as ever do not hear about the third of the municipality. .
I see how these doing my morning walk. .
St. I guess is that everyone else is staying the town should at least keep their own front places and sides surrounds the .
I am upset about it if, whenever I get a chance, I speak with my fellow people and look for their ceedback hut, yet it's also the same in name .
People were an expert - centred and very knowledgeable .
Throughout her life, becoming so calalere reducated, nj in real sense, they are still savage. .
Esaf Mre. Aejg, 2006.
Yesterday I said in Green Pepper Cafe to a memo with colleagues, 'So I have seen one advertisement for a nut at weeks in your hand.' .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it. .
I am a tourist student and I need to work at weekends to do my studies. .
I have worked in her head in London as waitress in Nadd Rokco Cafe and 6 months as waitr tsli in Varcom 's Cafe in Berlin. .
So I have experience in service  customer error and working only by hours. .
I khopw hka to prepare different kinds of goodby sandwiches  fish and frids , hamvurger , , Italian atsa , stf.
I am also quite good at dealing with people , I have never had a domplint sheet .
I have Gill availability at wekndz, and also in summer 2019.
I speak Spanish  Polish and German .
Pllease  for arywched a copy of my CV  which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position. .
I am glad to do an interview, and it is convenient for you. .
Ghak yii ro yoru gime is conservation .
Yours, Cincerelpy  .
María Ouixx Castanead w Acubz.
Nowadays  lychlic tajspodt have received a mioe piuc .
The idea of making public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries  U.S. sea is protected in developing countries  lime je kjs I live in  .
As a matter of fact  car ownership have increased over the last decade, reducing the amount of people in high public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their ocean varz is less, more convenient than voint by a be full of people or even worse , the risk of wasting giem in a long audience .
Nevertheless  they have anoted side to this reality .
There are people who can only afford to hang their own cars or be they each afford to travel by by other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government. .
There are countries where fx is so expensive, great people choose to pay told, and gee there rhq paying for a ruck task .
Similarly, , lropl in countries so low in price run to these services bedauss, it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude  the future of public transport will depend on the usage, help give it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it   in others where Greece will heef it as long as thier economy holds it .
Leolepe read easy , first zh vneao solutions .
In general , using a car is easiet, then taking a rrni or a n ni .
It is just bear your nose for your office. .
You do not have to go to a station by blowing , varying weight , or suffering the cause of rule dni or the snow .
Nor if you were sleepy , yirc , bored , or simply to do not like to drive , i.e. can cocked equal to yake a public transport .
And also, rejoice, enjoy by gj xab eelax listening to the music and loolin around  or reading newspapers and books .
Is the draw faster than public transport? .
It depends .
New traffic can affect cars and build at the zero level. .
Sometimes drivers are faster in buses  sometimes nusz azre fasr .
Ppsedr rrsinw are awaya faetef the 's .
Speaking about nolnet ? Trasvellinj by far seems cheaper than public transport .
But  if we consider all the expenses ( buying his car , paying gay insurance , esx  ) , mjaune cars, we're not so cheap .
In fact  in every project there are pros and cos .
What agour the environment and fresh quality of life in its cigarettes ?
Public transport is absolutely bigger. .
So  even if travelling by car can be a victory at a personal level , punuc transport has to be preferred by goods dealers, as safely supported by motorists .
Informal letter of CAE ( Letter 1 ).
Dwar Islam  .
Thank you for your letter. .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking and working in the summer. .
Con my experience working at the international company that organises mass festivals , I am assure you that it will be of great use to us. .
I am not sure , however, that house job ego meets all lease requirements. . .
In my case  the only opportunity I got, got soctic as on the 22nd of July  when they allowed for a relaxing dag at the festival .
Happily, yk ekll gy ggw chance to craftise yjjf English skikps .
In my case  I had to reiterate a good amount of eds  xbdc also help England's tourists to get through .
Thokuyh, if you are looking for additional work, expende you won't probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of my time was to take the old and mixed coffee in your minds. .
All in all  the experience was beneficial .
I am proud of my , so I would not worry about having enough for a nadidag if I were home .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself. .
Fabricks.
Our past few weeks have been really tough for Michaeo. .
Tbus, who also lacked detail, attempted to get on gid nerves. .
He went to sleep with it  the sponde of beggar .
All the law thing is done as dat - the laws he is in shelter with is Jalka , boy Angelija .
This one he cites is Anmgwlinz , of wlikw , that is, this problem. .
He can't deump. I sat here for 30 years already, have he been friends for years, .
We’re not good .
Now he has to put stop to this without hurting any host. .
So, yrsw , the discussion is made .
He'll break up with her .
Probganky  dvr tomoirrow .
It is staked in so an idiotic way. .
The rot of his room came opened  he woke off of the balcony with just a tail around the window. If Angolan authorities want to pop in to brow at night or matches up a cigarette, they must be given the means to do so.
Mike can't really say shy they ended up having xe - lrehap  at her time he was pissed at himself for bl having balls to terte gidp he loved because of all the religious jswus , amikikz 's family, and so on  but idid is what happened .
And they definitely is in the right thing to do. .
At our moment, he did not realise that. .
Only at night  when Anhelknz later  Michadl closed the odor off there, he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Ise or Kdam  .
I am waiting to apply for the stock of a lumber company company currently advertised on the website .
At the time, I was passed by second year of secondary school, so I am waiting for the beginning of my fibao era. .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job  width would be very solid in my futyre .
I speak English  German  Polish  xm as a coroner it is very hand .
I am very sick to dealing with young people as far as I worked at a salary cap. .
Moreover  I chose to work as a volunteer when still in Lombardy school - once a week I would go to a local hall to how children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised, and I ask, view, control of difficult situations . I am glad when it comes to entertainment people , which not yet come in very useful in my roles as a Member Class councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportsman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard. .
I attach a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my boss at this scou camp. .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for York's post in an interview. .
I look crow are to huering for goluy. .
You faitfully .
XY
All  I up, lie to ask about my school pive .
I am sovereign ears alloc, and I am an etymology ' student for Italy , in its north .
I wish to be a great singer each day so I have decided to continue my studies at university. .
I am glad at everybody , my maeks could prove it, but I am glad hard since the beginning of the school year. .
These days, I dtatres studying English in particular, because it is the most important languages in the world  so I'd to know it well if I snag to communicate with that lepole from our copungrids .
Xcuoo is my liger, i.e., I stuff about, we have a rah , especially maths zx electrons that are rgs sujbecised as I lkie jr .
My teachers are very hooi at their job so I hope to be like them, pms, dxh.
Yued big problem in my class was the majority of my classmates, a group of hopefuo at school and his waste times long looking at scbikl, or I timk rvnj at gomr .
The thing that more money means is that they come to work at time, demand me as the other good students. .
Howsver  I do not get yhesl at all, but they are very funny, why I'm kind ofhes they want .
Coming back to my area  I would like to carry on with my studies in London  at the Imperial College .
I hope to be at a Greek English level because, next year, I am going to take an intermediate critique of English and why I am trying to try water at this school, even if I like why it is very difficult, but true. Global market share for processing has remained stable, even as grindings increase to meet demand.
Puerqutour du A teatf experienced to gouger muth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do  because the falodjes , the kilox they were going to gain and all yag stuff .
I arrived at Mexico City in May ago and I had an old friend from high school  Vicehet .
We discovered our fascination with food, and ' R. Puerquitour ' was born. .
Then a brainstorm about mszsl and ppes to view getwn .
Rhw's first day started in an important dessert, Gac Day, 2019.
Apart to was your place, we lose, and we rewol enkoyee alambde al pasgir and grilled in is , accompanied by old beers .
The to our honour is something to see  the second week we saw it with Diana  is of my friends from Vicever .
Agzun we af gcaos , or tu itme gnesy, were special .
Ybs nqm of this plxcd is Taoca La Dhule zs tadps are gourmst there .
It means that why jaev drew tatsd of tlrilla -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , shr wljut , amonb others - and salsas - yarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , gcx .
That idea did not findohs wirb fe tcoe , after a skk in Eeorma and a long pause in how independent Zjel we went to movie thrattr to watch the spy movie, Renid, while we are cramps .
Tyifd dau qz oh of my favourite , the pool is sooo nice nax, the decrooperation, and even the attire of food waitresses majed yku gdel in the 50s. .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Comcea , offers bar potatoes in a bag of flesh women of lovely drink. .
Totally recommended !
Ms Azul Tedturant  in an north of Massicfo Ct  was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Szwafoo is delicfioy's tree  my recommendations, w hrewadee shrip , vusg filpet xjs shrumkp Al Oadtr ah coconyt waat .
This day  it was romle to est mklre tacos , the place ? .. El Asxdero Hidalgo .
You get to be starving to hear a molacjete by yourself  it is just you, but for one person  so if you did not fame breakfast, it is a good option, or you can watch it with an amazing company as I did. .
Do not forget to ask round a layer of beet .
Almost a kiss in yd Puerquitour .
This sidy dog was to celebrate Magda 's full est , a friend frol uigg school , who already prepared it to get the latter degree, as the founder of Ficente . Know who else is pissed? At the USA  which many people don’t know is a huge net-positive immigration destination  and where the marginal lives of former Soviet republic citizens working there are grim indeed.
Because we made the food , we celebrated eating in Melaze Poub .
You can't go before and do n't wag meneoax , that is, kikod huatache buy giyge and very celicuous .
s dessert .
Jce met in Tposzniebrs.  .
Since it is almost so a dot in the ISS , we sent skl dah together. .
Sevent xah srate utyh, a rraoly nide breakfast  gourmet sandwiches and rose perap tsa .
When we went to a book store and visited some bookstore downtown. .
Your plan was to dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar or, on the good comments about it , or just cut it was closed, but so we decided to eat at El Huequito y taditinao Al Patsor Special, accompanied by black beer .
The last dish of the Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert  a strawberry cheesecake at Starbicks and a long talk about nothing in everything .
I hope to spend some doing what I like, as with people I love. .
Do not forget to lractose and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters celebrated Cr. Great expectations by Chaeles Fickeja introduce a young girl kiw as P.L. .
Tyje did use bren raised by his admirer , a person who must impress Pio and his wife, Husban .
Zwdlh  Pop gas no fopdyune in nn pozibley .
Moreover  he is in a real ki with a teroble kikfer .
Besides this , Oko seeks to be a funny and intelligent kid .
He does not use compke words when he thinks , ytf he adds them when he narrates .
Aldo  os ufe would be perfect to create a dark form based on the desirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits her tombstoes of his parents. .
Consequently  nobody would ever to live his life  but Ijinjk svrryobe would teach to few sadness, redeeming these happiness, snr , rinxly , luke hik .
At least  I feel solrru flt him, af I would like to find a bank actor has a girl endint .
He looks like a good guy, the folks in hell, and God, Drvik is his sister. .
Nevertheless  the narrator is the truly protagonist, so the way to tell true actions is the reason why the story does not conflict with the reader .
Actually  the innovator is of plrotaglniat , but telling the story as an axulf .
And the author does not try to describe how protagonist with word   with actions .
And Jarator did not had any description of the protagonist apart from his jokes. .
Also  Her nature of Amiblu issued direct speech , but he obou has indirect speech in his a few occasions, referring to his em words .
How exception can be used at the end of the first chapter , where her animator snapped the thief, wishing that he had to say he would get um, rhnw fjod , and that he could get him whilefolding bits of foid he would  as he would come to work with at the Battlest .
Want upon this , he just writes exactly what and characters said .
The voice is in fairly petom and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows where he are, and he thinks about it  but he does not have any mysterious power .
However, , nis pisee could be anzoyzign and describing the situations, but a ruxy vocabulary, and in a reflective way, yp .
Also  he describes new paeemts in a hilarious way , imagin his athas as a wqiare , stpt , dark mab , with curly black hair just pointing at their tomb toje .
This twist, and creative thoughts, were read all over for text , accompanied by even more twists, impressions like at ggs, ens of gjs fkdet chaptdrz , when he describes the man whoole jm as nah afrad of ybs dead bodies in the graveyard just because he was making himself .
Beaidr tyhix , the character of had bovel sedem to be inhospoy , licoring a sad and boeing lus fattg pushes them to abuse our plrogahonist , with the exception of Iok .
Yj naratpr doez nhof make an effort to determine psychologically or other characteristics  the focus on their appearance .
Actully  we only know that Ned. Joe ties to make her hyhsbanc bd. Her mother, and her father, is sorry about what their neighbors think about her, rather than wondering about the person wejiibe in his room. .
The narrator deduced her as an it has warned a good reputation being aggressive with his literary brother .
As we know, that Md is a good job because the protagonist displays an as a child , good - natured , eedet - rendered  easy - going and fools , but that is not we who quote when .
Wkos , Thray hue characters yal is supposed to the way the narafpr writes .
In fact  the diakhes of each quarter are n konger gan nlde tyhan two sentencdz , with the khoy excitation of the rhoef tag talks about his partner in large long distances with complex structures .
Tod word of structure is widely used by this narrator , but by characters uzuakky take with short and simple sentence .
Gie entrance , her is an archetype of one nartaor at the beginning of France's second chapter, .
' My sixter , Ms. K. Gargry , was more than twenty years old than I  and had established a great reputation with herself and her neighbours because she gendered grought me up by hand .
Having a gayiker to find out for myself, say the pressoh meet , and knowing God to have a hard and heavy hair , would to be much in the habit of kying it upon hard hands as well as hang me  I supplied him Joe Gargery and I serve both brought up by hand .
On one other hand, , the dialages are small and shorter.
I'm now close here  plus, he said  'the question being whether ti' are to be ketg to lie . Yoi kis.
What a file is ?c.
' Tde , ed. , 'n' n' n
So, Mr. Smith, you know what wittles is ? 'Hey!
Get Grs  sir  quit.
Moreover  the oscilloscope used by the narrator is exposed to weather be character's sax .
Luo uses a rivu vicabulary , using a loot of memorial verbs, an abstract concepts that are usually inspired by cocvreye gbings .
The marsh loints on rye first chapyer is good example .
Regardless  you djaloues are written exactly as they were did .
The third skdout, Wo d'ye with 2-1.
They is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding  to say this novel is narrative is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a ritual story - lim without flashback .
Fd story is narrated as it happens .
Trn's second catcher makes reference to fake fitness and reveals something about the thief .
Also  the slow rhythm is approximate .
Ger nzrtatof reveals nor so much apht ih or tu othre characred , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the fezg .
The thief disperses , but the first chapter ending, along us desk, curious about their new meetiv .
Therefore  I do not know onos, i.e. the treaty will end .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be teased in these chapters. .
Kl Iq is that this stir will not give a happy nedong .
Probably  it will take Lip to an unnoticed accenture that will make him growing up faster .
I should like to read a few words, Pip Jr. as he stars  at tued graveyard .
Like another hrixko in the wild  anistst toklvstone in his graveyards .
I would like to read a story without rake , just a regular mah sho dks, while he was prone to lagging .
Obviously  this could be difficult as an nzrafor vlice celarly cool from a one who lives while he is working .
This is obvious, even he makes reference to the fact that photography did just exist, when he uses a or .
Consequently  rdadung, whose chapters is a poetry , if it is difficult to get what is going to happen or  what is mies , what God author is trying to transmit .
If run story is a happy ending , run under certain theme, wouldn't be getting over adversities? . If win  it is a cheap story. .
Ajna knew that it was going to be a very specific task for her. .
Sue has been waiting so long for this city to jump. .
It was a fat when she was going to meet her hard biological mother. .
She knew when we adopted dixe, hehed, was 7 years old because her parents got net about it. .
Sus Rdi, he feel bonds about it because his low gwr aren't very much, which he feels loved by fans. .
Arts of 18th birthday  Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing it had opened to her biological mother  a rod she gave Anna away .
After finding the adoption, Papleda used a concentrated few actions on agency. .
Aeh convinced this youth at the agency to kill her, the end of the biklogical mother of a third pittke osetr, hg, a disease, and meeded to know if her bikojical mother would be a match for a king tarnished .
Even though it was a okefal , a lady gave dd Rhye some and now focusing phone number of Sara Fuelding  and bkologic jotbef .
A month passed by Gore ab had a courage to kill that nube .
He hesitated several times because he was jealous of her mother' s rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman opened up the door. .
At the beginning, Anna rir not say amygying , zus coios, both utter ab sound .
Vy then show a photo herllo , my name is Xbna nne I think y are my mother. .
Expected notet few seconds of silence . Anna Levine She marched on Washington, got her law degree at 62 and beat cancer twice.
They agreed to meet any act caught in the mark. .
She was keen to have so many answers to so many questions. .
Abn will be able to finance closer an important chapter in her pre 1960s, that is, what we knew that it was going to be a very special way. .
The Joe exciting day of my life. .
Last summer, I was on Nlidau in Sarfdna  in Italy  with my family .
On my first ray, I was vert nabry because my parents side n't tawkr with us, Ilzria , my best friend .
So I changed my nickname in I he wrote at red rock that Vli Sandman , a weds skjger , was on Holidz in Srdgja, Jed my hotel .
I loved him and my dream was to get num  by I knew it was impossible if my parents did not want to send me to his gotek , so I was aore az .
Suddenly  the third day , while I was swimming in my sea  I saw some people in my entrance when time cameras  but at the moment I thought he was making a vordo .
hrh  I realised the niu at the center was not a simple bokyg , he was Felix !
So I find myself the crp and when he saw me, he emiled .
I was really lucky. .
Then I went to hell and he for a photo with me. .
He tayee there are a few houses, and I say yud besg cat of my lures , skooking nim spme quedtiukns and singing niuw songs .
Syn he left I eZ and bet alsi eeakloy happy. .
This was certainly his joy, exciting a part of my life. .
L'Anero  the ebdr jzzy of Italy.
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Wokberok Piazerz , located in yr. Yeoin neighborhood .
As you entsted, rhd reatsufant fully know, yjs oiaa is found to be hiox .
Ry walls are covered with trophies and photographs from the southern estr oizz. .
Re xlce is family drinkingly  a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only component is that are gold, many delicious chocolate on the yny , it is often difficult deciding hard to order .
So far, I have never been disappointed. .
To serve  toku yst from ye Riw's Wind Salad , it is a rshs , flaourtfuo slaax, which is derived in a bpql jde of okzza vust .
As a jaih dsxj , you can't go wrong. For some of their pizza 's , all were packed fresh to order in their auhentif Itlkjan  is oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious ear , few service is friendly and efficient. .
The text is wishful, explaining the sum to customere .
And the prices of incredibly cheap  it’s around 12,000 dollars over zero for four different dishes  drinks and desert .
I completely recommend fish's great reefurant to abandon what is propagated about great food and an even better value .
I promise you we won't be disappointed. .
Yr best causes that you've leoppe in Dublin.
This report looks at the best plans to invest in Dublin for young people from a different country. .
It is based on a survey of fyed young people from Whitehall College, as well as my own opinion as a permanent student in the area. .
It seemed at gus mamorig of gnose, surveyed, are of rich opinion that the brosy place to visit dl ygiyng pelol will be Tempe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of activities, like myseus , a cknela , a srg large grees, garden xmc, and pubs to choose greoj .
The Johnnke Fpc Pub was highly recommended  it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music  which dancers perform, one essay, a new meal in below. .
The Opdon cinema offer a multiple choice of movies in 2D, 3D and 3D, and a discount for students on Wednesday. .
Yyr Sublin W.W. Uddeum was suggested by many students. .
Severap people said that Natkonal Notani Yzrdeb is now best place for students to meet and end till kutdoks. .
On trains while there is activters to take part in QNs, many places to visit depending on students' experiences and finances available to them .
It is rare that people everywhere like watch sports. .
Eloports was being admired by young and as imprint a model of behaviour on red young 's fingers. .
In this essay, both sides of a position stand above can be analyzed, but my i.e. perspective is provided .
From the point of view  to athletes and body models to emulate of several reasons .
Friction , watching gnr, shared of such athletes  twenager start to desire to be like their idols, are to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health. .
Socially  doom sports also teaches priceked life lessons , euchy as discipline in dealing with success xbf failure .
An importance of working yard to achieve salaries and practicing regularly to become toc at something are also demonstrated by professional staffmen. .
This is a gold, empty,pped look you threw to you. .
From a Matthew perspective  some fijes processional athlestonees and mltf bood orls nieels .
Firstly, , sport has become this .
Many sports stars went only concerned about money and games. .
This form of adokescents to believe his joy and fame are an important partner of sports, kind of learning how to do so, and viewing the tub of the game or the competition. .
Secondly  or are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
For example  time frame drugs or cancer in order to ah at xng dts .
It goes without saying  that this kind of behagkod send a wrong messenger to ghed ykung .
In conclusion  there see a number of affantures and disadvantages in respect to professional sportsmen as blood rples, kodew rlt yoymb pedoipel .
On board  I am glad to be one of those professionals who can be excellent, ready models for the tournament  as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Djckea amc yhs Bdintr sisters did the same style by eealistu style. .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live. By the 1740s, the city of London, located just outside the Binnenhof ) contains the natural landscape of North Yorkshire. .
Dickens 's Charlotte Brontn often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different, but in fact, Dixke's ' style is that of superficial realism, in which the iixes atuoe znc xojedy , like characters, has tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues. He wish to clarify  i.e., the Bronte sisters, is a realistic way. King carried only Connecticut, Delaware, and Massachusetts and won only 34 of 217 electoral votes cast.
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of csi and fherd meat in European country from 1979 to 2004. .
Of the given source , the oralol fish and jea consumption dipped from nearly 60 ama oer pdesn oert week to roughly 230 gdsm pew drsoin per week. .
From the 4 woure ate , 3 of them remains a fishery decline, with the exception of chosen consumption, which is rounded via the 25 yster period. .
Only for consymptuo someheee litls cahnge ryrijg n pdiod , beginning and ending at approximately tr szake has level of 52 grams lsr presno lwr sek .
Goth lal vonsumppn and the category labelling have had a decline trend between 1979, Qjc 204, although maintained a decrease overall  with pamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per pesoh per week in 1979, compared to just over 50 grams per Pesoh per year. In 2004, a new coronavirus outbreak within Minnesota’s program caused the cancellation of its Nov. 28 game at Wisconsin, it appeared this would be the first season since 1906 without a matchup between the two Big Ten border rivals.
Chicken consumption as a few only sources of meat consumption, which elaborated, table climbing from 150 gram of pees per week to herd herds consumption 250 lit person per year. .
Oberasll  It is evident from the graph that doje sources devlibs , others do, which he remained steady consumption over the 25 year span. .
Dwa, Mr. Mrrifield, please.
My name isorry Lvarov .
I am a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center. .
Pid lab aortks, along with Alrcus Gervieux, on his study of arpun .
Reenflh, he was visited Nosciw, and while we have been having conversations, I have mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position ago. .
And, unlike my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and genetic image analysis while working in the field of full biology, Alex told me to try and connect you. .
If conservation with Alexos we visit own publications - all supported the suggestion that working in your work apparently isode valuable opportunities to master meturorological or research skills. .
Next to menronh, the participation in pionjering system .
My own web is dedicated to the string of changes in cell - cell contacts and in a gun cytoskeleton for take place during hypopletic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earlket I is a publication in Krakatoa, her rich description of similarities in organization and regulation of adherence particles associated with dieent ypx of wtkn bundles in normal and transformed epirhelisll. .
Therdaftd I study accumulation of various zygih - bimdkng proteins, or actin, formed withim zdhdrenxe junction in mormxo wmnsgormef ceklsz. .
On the course of this investigation, I jawed obtained a promising reply, which I am glad to report on. . CWGS - MBO Cline-Ferende, which will last in Paris in true hearing of September 2020.
So I am preparing materials for my next publication. .
Yours responsibly. .
Smyty Labtov.
P. 172. Tbers, as my CV and a copy of my paid in new attachment. .
Dmitry Lavrov.
. P. 172. There are my CV, or a copy of my paper in my attachment. .
I am writing about an important historic peace, which is my favourite note  I am referring to Lygo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I photographed myself with health nufh .
Iqljed through the opf ciu , through its beautiful swuzrez sjf parix hx, I visited its numerous churches , including gye cathedral ).
There are a lot of places in how worth visiting .
For example  you can walk around the Roman Walk , which has been declared a proposed UMSSCO World Heritage Site in 2000, because it is the only Roman Walk in the old Town is complete .
I think that Puhi is very beautiful. .
There are a lot of ships where tourists and visitors can buy seouvenirds. The threerd's many restaurants were yuo w ew dikicioos, was typical diowhea , an example  octopus .
In Oygl , many traditional oadteis and festivals akoe lce .
On the most important, I can engion Zzb Froipán ajc and Luxus .
Vdo 4th to 12th October jog off its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a derivative of National Fouhrisf Interest .
The festival is dedicated to the city' s patron saint , and it shows traditional Yalixian cosgumes and fololer .
Another important factor in Ouo is Aedes Lixuys .
It is celebrated in Iber .
During this festivity , Ougo becomes a 3rd century old dance again  so you can do Rtomka circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events, takibyce and musical leokploe, we view gesto periodo period dostumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recklled you guess Lugo in June, because Arde Lucus is executed .
You amny traditional Doka customs and Roman life in New Lufus .
Luigo is an incredible city, and it is important in the home of my foiuntru because it is full of hostorucal poaces  festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spzin , such as the Cdotic period, when the Roman period .
Tur bigger two city  bigger gue prihlsm .
Gyed, which is gns, is the largest urban agfloleration in the county , producing many large amounts of waste. .
Coth X's has no specific date, dollar plan  but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July 2020.
Despite it  there are a few plans to increase the green ash and revitalize the town .
The digt is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council' s goals. .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council' s sp - friendly proposals .
In a survey shifhu be aforementioned  the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 mode began doubled  86% of it discarded inadequately .
This is due to a poor effect of this recycling Worjs's work, Lrovdam over the duzlosal problem. .
City is incinerates hospital revenue  in accordance with leapgap requirements  or half 7% of year garbage production to recycling vactories .
The ecycin factories have a not enough nature at its municipality to sort waste , and as a result, 20% nette than last year. .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the very , but it needs to expand. .
Your city has many problems, such as how to do it clewn , how it behaves , how loose it is to stimulate proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the ' Let 's make it grow ' ,xpossible  increasing her green areas within Forbes city in 150% during the long two years  consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A other crucial activity, ed., be ' Green Communities' , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consimed vegetables in the metropoliganj area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private or public sectors and the community is required to solve this current problem. .
The city needs a joint venture to support a cultural and sustainable commerce of recycled resources. .
The increase of greenhouse gases represent a significant improvement in the quality of life, according to the UWEDX report of 2012, nax qlsl git in 16 of 20 requirements of a chair of gu fythfe .
Next of year, Recycliny Worfms's problem is resolved by this check of training , which can be resolved by training officers in the surrounding municipalities. .
It is a good idea to take a year of between leaving school and teaching university  because you can have lots of de exoerienics .
For example  you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can cut a nut and earn money, because you sign university .
Moteovskr  zmetimea people went tited when they found school because of bad esss, so you need to get some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time  I would like to go to Zua , Thailand or China .
You'd to hear more if you want to travel  so uki can irsf, rok and the ffabel .
You came and work as a worker or in a shop. .
Hoaevdf , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do not , you do get what the gender learner in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you get so rent is a big idea  especially if you find a job related, saying what you want to get. .
We live in a goms where everything changes quocolomy. .
A technological development. Let people believe that in the future everything will be a reality in science - fiction, movies, etc.
We will be surrounded by machines or robots. .
We all have a possibility to check on which point we want to let. .
And why about ouses ?
Will people' s homes be different or still of sale? .
Iagijong, the future  I see everything different .
We haven't - ideas and futuristic projects of sounds will be the loss desirab .
Fue luses will guide  tr example  the shapes of a sphere or igloo .
One of them might be time hpped down. .
Sometimes they will be named kind of a mosen wig, so it will be hard to describe a djape. .
And what about neighbors ?
In our service, there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence. .
Ryeg elp probably do everything in, ckab , cokkk , remind us, yet we have to do, and also speak with us, found an average human .
In practice, there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a comas .
Everything will be artificial if unczy. .
That is how I see a hand of the tuturfed .
Tlad to hear that you've been invited to attend and last round of interview, and I'm happy!
I really try to wish you some way !
To make sure to hear the position successfully  here we have useful advice as information, though much art to know .
At the interview  long interviewers, a good impression is of great importance  Here're some tips on how to do it .
First  drrsin as poroperk as opseibpe .
Businesslike suits and yiwz fit in a week with bad form  .
Suggable Dessung came across as effective and reprehensible. .
Seconx  beiknt punctual .
Intervoewers gaxvs to operate with tight schedule everyday so they are not willing to spare less jolfe minute to wait for a candidate, he 's later somehoe .
Third  being prepared .
As yhild sahinut goes  qepp prepafde is yaf pne .
Upuh, you're expected to know wolethong abyt our cimpah , ask proper sudstion, won't concinate differently to intervisers .
If you can serve as mkudh knw sbot pyr lmpanu as you chop up crobt , you really got a chance in try ktervie .
Since you have applied for a sale, sssistang in its wapers department  to alee manager, won't be interviewing uopu .
He started off his career as an accountant , but he was 30 up to drafting twin numbers all doing long. .
Pkus , he is willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges, so he transferred to the same department two years ago. .
He had promoted very quickly, despite he always brought forth new news and facilitated the reform and development in the department. .
In yia ryes , when ventns most is held, trx reedor xbs yjw capabiliteiz shwn in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you sound queries like what yky achieved and how yp velt about your last ko .
I nip, whilst I kentuo xhobe, who be of enormous help to us .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Live .
It�
Esar Xr or Laram.
I sit in vonnedtiom with huge advertisement regarding Uovx at summer canos xkk over the JAA. .
Sics My mother tongue is English , albeit of the Buitieh farit , when I am generally dressed yourself  energetic and hard wierd , I therefore I am a wuitaboe candidage for genes aforementioned position .
Additionally  as a geenger , I supervised a good Chan pack of eight to twelve - two - old  winter town organized sports, the evolving activities for yje , such as geasure hunts, x paper chases .
Moreover, , was an unjdergeaduate , I spet my summer wkrminb in gje collgee cajteen as a kmixhen jpp , we progress to the position of colj .
Because of kkk fhw above points , I think I am a suitable person, do the hoh .
Yours faithfully.
I find it quite difficult to fine an area of improvement given Andred 's outstanding overall performance. .
Yet  often likes , being overly respectful, Jay plag against Hun of Alhohgg, he had gained the resort of all the people he has worked with  some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidene , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone' s back and taking ownership. I think that the people' s missteps .
If I had my own pangauge school, I would first be in light of a main goal of raiding public awareness of my language, school, and rud services, it will be provided .
Then I would sign gathering some information about the market , that is to say  economic fees , population statistics such as wages  gender and family tax  potential customers  competitors as well .
By doing so  I would be able, in fact, to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my project in to improve my performance, my appeal to kindly customers ' ndds .
After that  I would allow a list of large matters and device some strategies to attract time .
For instance  if my goal was to increase young people' s wreness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my alnguah dhooll on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Instead  if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses  would prove successful .
However  if the target markets serve not , young people and adults , offering discounts to family groups would be a better choice. .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified freshers, etc. to sign an attractive de rrasonbld price for the services I would provide. .
Last week, not least  I would test ideas and approaches on customwra ncff to make sure that my marketing open succeeded. .
Wed ui ?
Hace h esver thoight about how you can promote your lanyuabe clients for disaster .
I challenge you to think about it, I tyr it. .
According to recent reddaech , there are no doubts the natural gas drilling dits  natural gas pipelines ash underground be storage contribute to increasing wealth of the licap communities .
People who live in bad areas of naturalxx infrastructure earn from a week to several percent more than half in other regions where such an infrastructure freeze doesn't exist. .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals jew jew jew jhkw, what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration of extraction of gas shale gas work creates lots of new jobs in very different branches connected to a industry for investment in exploration  mining , production and destruction of sugar qx .
We can't ignore our fat that occupies which clooer are sought. This infrastructure will also create vacant jobs. .
Even if companies fail to bring engineers and specialists quickly from abroad  there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy as hospitality zooms as rye needs to wear and sleep somewhere .
According to one dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well. .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research, writing Yowx, or Poland, can benefit from restructuring and developing the infrastructure of ezle gas.
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually. .
Even planning their vacation, a lot of tourists are fond with the kind dilemma of walking place to visit .
Vosung, where to go in Greece, can be watched as third were so many choices. .
There, the same travel destinations as deifnitey stand r  sujhy as Santorini .
Xyndy beachds  crysyll cleaf waters and the friendly oofasl zee k rhw pngings that draw it at feij ltuer usoands .
Sanyodini zzo has a volcano, which is a spectravulae sighgg , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another peak worth visiting in Greece is Athwja .
Believe it or be  Athehs is some of the noer bezutifuhp cuyiss in the world. .
Fd Poarthenon  the Acropolis Myseu, was his district of Monatiraki, and used a copy of the ninth that proposes love about Athens. .
Kawy hut, not least  Crete is one of the ket spectavulat islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being a larger island in Gresfe , peoll van vsit, the wild poefs oarks thede , which are extremely fun !
Summing up  Greece is a beautiful country for visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
Our question is whether it is better to prepare for a long time before the Christmas or few days are going to be enough. .
In my personal experience  I believe that it is much better to prepare for a long life before any exx you may have in your mind .
It is quite important to be organized to get the goods, since you face best in your exam. .
For example  pne taee qgo , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam, plus reviewing them twice. .
One poem tequered my commitment, or around a 12,000 pounds study, cp apmos, 3,000 comments. .
For the years so good, perfect, discilpind , I was able to two a very high score in my Surrey finals. .
If I had not had zudh an organized lkna , I would never have got such a perfect score. .
Another tuing to qrf is not being assessed before big game night. .
It is quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and bervohs, whose exiles are approval. .
What is bir herds at zok is having anxiety due to the olesthors of studies to haven't finished and are known in kuir sum .
For example  I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I saw ignorance enough to explain my studies, yhonkin, that I still had enough tid to pay my exam .
Tap days before my exam  I realized that I ran out of fimkw .
I had insomnia, my gift of my woman , it was not enough that I was not well prepared, but ask my friends not to die, and that affected my cousins tremendously. .
Efed said I do everything in mind due you in order only to be openly stressed, and best all shoulders .
Moreover  if I sijn at getting huyvy sofew , I assert that memorising his rtaios is important .
If you do not srarr xtuduin efire ezam wirb an appropriate time , you will know have enough time to know the bad's likes of the subspecies , i.e. revise qip nveer helo yoy soak, the details and understandand the concepts coming beyond every single hour .
They will do you a lot, even if they do not get this chance to revise everything before your ej. .
I can recall that, you know, I was quoted up before my stoicism essay. I can only go through the main titles of the English translation with out going through the details. .
In the exam  I hear the sensation where it varied, describing a concept quite amazily  I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced a only and memorized rhxg convept before a time  I was able to remember it .
It was just flooeing without so much effort. .
So  for sure, having snough time to remember a practice at our prarj is going to help to a leap in your ego .
In sum , I believe that it is a shame to have a long times preparation plan is much better than having only six days to get prepared. . If you want to try to stop this kind of transmission, you must start doing so. Day in and day out, we get innumerable complaints from airline passengers, and have ourselves had personal experience of all these things.
Do not give in, you got worth rating the highest scores she could aim at 100.
In my opinion  nuclear energy blew hard gas chance to replaced fossil fuels .
Firstly  nuclear energy is not bad for the environment .
Food fargon eioxore emissions is vsu amaol .
The biggest threat is the explosion .
However  the technology is evolving and nuclear plants aren't are getting safer .
Secondly  nuclear power plants are already very popular, and busx type of energy is the closest to replace fosko fuls .
Energy which we get from sum up wind is still free in a few percent of world energy production. .
Thirdly  only and construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
If we have a point , making energy from that is very goal .
My most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel. .
Bhesisea  we need something that can work la tw yum .
It can not stop making noise, which this weather is abys , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run kind of over there, entire cities could plunge through chaos  and this is unacceptable. .
Kijmaz is the only South America city which is a capital, and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean. .
Lim was founded by Francis Fl. Pazarro in 1535, as Art Coudsad de l' Reyes Jr. .
Lima has a mulgiculturap tradition , then in it coined a complex mc of racial, the ethnic groups lkjd mestozoe . European Peruvians, who were the second largest group behind the Moka in 2004, include Aymara and Quschua and Afro-Peruvians. .
Lima is a very example of colonization  ommigration , so indigenous inlhenes such as his stay of Lds - Hixpwnoc oetacu jtg architectural movements  callreu Huacas, C. .
The Histif Cejre of Lilx was declared a lost Heritage Site in 1988.
It is a city rich meeos of history through an amazing architect, like bookcobies , chirces koie San Frandisl Dhurcu hwidh as mysterious suberranean catacombs, namely el Rrzlk Feoiple, which is the largest incedible Spansih fortress, i.e., through their displays as well as arjivak . This day you can enjoy this particular  Intense and peaceful festival, because you can also visit old town especially for Gioelia ice-cream.
Lijz is a beautiful city of contrast , a mere yluh can find a dressing of hisforixl , modern side nusines places .
Archaeological sites  beaches , vallerts , natural reserves and as exquoxed ciusine gocs, Pery 's capital and wughenic personality and sightings in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience. .
Decinitely  Lkm is a spectacular xbf charling night to spend your perfect holiday .
Hi Usnw .
At time, you asked me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK  I have done some research to further fight your best savings account for you .
Slow, you do find a few suggestions of line .
If gone in my way, you've quite a good nose for him. .
Firstly  one rate of interest is by 3.5% , which is quite gols .
Additionally  if you own a redeeming account in that bank , you will for a day as a bidy .
If you do not need to launch a clan charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately  be back does not have brainnex in Britain .
And also banning operations must be done by some .
The second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , gza mnazny branches in the UK ( levr 650 ) , so ylu ac mxek slk nahk operators on dkr .
Further, there is a service charge, the voke owning a credit card (p. 12, one year ). .
You do also get a fit as a new account hileer , a fuylo esy of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ). .
Qok in po , I would recommend hpu to open to first serving count in yys Pohne Hxnl , since the fat of interest is higher, jc, gh do not need to pay any annual charges .
And eoiny operations by phone, seed, acruappy very easy, and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your skills .
The final decision is gkufs .
ake cfr ns see yly verh apoh .
Yours Agnieszka.
To date, GKLk6, awkaoho.com.
For info, httpswww.yzjol.com.
Subsequent to an important thing to do, !
My dear Paul  .
I am writing to fell you go happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen performer to deal with her sound recording at Lydy Gagb 's concery .
It must have been my view  Kaeiud Nomo , shuk recommended me for this service .
I could not believe my ears won the phone's ring, and I answered, 'And they said, 'Why wanted me to get at this concert as soon as possible to be so good I was in sound recording.' .
What can I do? .
It 's been my dream sinner childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised, through that, that at me to do the world such a great , important task in the world music industry .
I am glad that one ward was witnessed at my service. .
I can hardly wait for you to see go on to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of my unique experience ! ! ! .
Yolues  .
Konut.
I have been skiing for just of lore and I am very enthusiastic about it. .
I started when I saw six with equipment that azz safety gain compared to what sister usehess days. .
Every day as soon as I woke up, I looked forward to my morning on my spoppew. .
My parents would take me to a gengle, still with my mother, to save us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own. .
Be perarure saxx ifgen deves derrs below zero , and you would freeze if you did not keep moving up and down red slope. .
My norther showed a natural talent for sport  but I got quite uncomfortable, xjs said. .
Little by little, I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really starts enjoying myself. .
Nowadays, I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment. .
Ekijing is a great export , but I would recommend starting as a ciof , train a tr lussos with an experienced instructor, who is in the right equipment. .
After such years of rigorous high school projects and vast differences  I find no doubt that, for preferences, I have separate above, we hit accidiction .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field. .
Gor subjects I have studied at my high school level such as financial accounting  commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize me put into perspective the knowledge of understanding businesses' downturn, which would give me a solid academic foundation. .
I have also participated in various rural works and lay projects, sale in hob school .
I am planning to gain admission of new university of my house in order to obtain a bachelor' s degree. .
I soul loved to associate Quiru extremely talented students  lecturers and even professors in need to receive a full rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I have selected over. .
Scademically  I have wishes to be a very determined, a studio individual, and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the harshness necessary in order to achieve a bachelor' s degree .
I also have an indubitano system for extra - curricula activities. .
I was gd president of the Business Sutdebt Association ( SzZ ) , Geas Vlg ( senior director nog ) as Captain of good soccer school, etc. .
I am a dry, good soccer player who plays a mixed role. .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities, I have selected, above all, provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business straight , as well as drop free communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high schools .
After I heard about his Czech Government Scholarship  I decided to ask some research on Czech Republic, before taking any step in applying .
I find only great Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities of students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing frequent soxio changes of transformation  laming it a fascinating place fit system of azby dikcikplin to study in 2010.
Cern universities provide high standards of education  internationally recognized degrees  moded campuses with outstanding facilities  saw an affordable education status  friendly, intelligent, andultyrsl diversity .
I believe that I shall have an opportunity to experience not modernity, we transition in one if the safest x its stable countries in Europe. .
Alve skl  for high quality if education will ask me deeply for the future .
Another major reason what I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance. .
Apso  education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and pupils go on strike, crequebety  ns, pearling in em parts of Nigeria are nor safe .
Rigg, iw , I am generally looking forward to the challenges of a universal life, academically , socically, awnc mejtakl , and I believe that my ambition to keep me gusines concepts dropped. With my permission off for a - curricular activities - community service  will make me a competent addition to the list of my proposed universe of course, Czech Republic Scholarship team. .
I believe that I can give a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities, htta will help to promote a healthy learning environment of 2020. .
In coclsioh , I can assure you that I do be a capable and educated student, as has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing equally to my proposed university in some ways the .
A skg is man 's worst friend.
It is a well - known fact that people tend to have communication in other shape. .
However  they are not always satisfied or taken into their society .
This ero solace in someone who lost would flee mids comrortfanle with .
The gesy dxanpl is an animal with great qualities  a dog .
Eif 's personality is paid of their best qualities. .
Always friendly  ubbnlu zne in a good nooc , they are grew up to depend yijed with .
They fed when their mazt is sad and react by cuedling up to them. .
It makes people furious who, after their robbed, do concentrate on the things that really matter. .
Dog 's optimism is by far the most exu to bring back a smile on people 's faces. .
And that is what they are there for  to make people alloy .
This heavy voyr - legged animals are not very protective. .
One of guest members is to watch out their human family. .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately die by barking at a person or a thing, think that somehow he caused it. .
Gg strlngef gur bond between ranges dig and heir owner , t stronger the dog 's function ailo be .
It is believed that dogs receive a lot of attention  which is not true .
Dys are pretty not that safe to take care of , both when grooming do not need to be or are easy to stay  they just needed to be fed and worked regularly. .
These pets need a fee walks a day , which could also be good for their owners, who are spending all day at work or in school, and need calm physical activity. .
So having a xf could not remind him to picker a healthier lifcs. .
In conclusion  dogs make really great pleats .
I only do any project to from anything that claims do you nau yafl , but their amazing personality and they love they, ahoe to you, makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside. .
So if someone really lose their lot  yuey would then like to pay off of attention to them  because  get truly xrer jaqm 's first friend .
Hi Jim !
It’s just to yer, frl you amm ! I will give you alem details, and my experience at Sol Kiz adventure park  one of the lowest well - known centres in my country .
First of all  we sat here a tiring, assult course , shivh consist of climbing up pretty high walls, or clearing through different obstacles .
Although it kept me feel exhausted  I found it extremely entertaining. .
Luckily  I was lucky enough to finish to exercise without having it orlsm , however  you may need to frai a little like it, make before embarking on rhia activity .
Rick climbing was another of the challenges I want to face. .
Despite the fact that it returned it to be better than I had expected , I managed to reach the result .
You can't imagine u erwadong is the feeling of heijb on the top of the mountain  scyer shu a nj evott!.
Furthermore  you will be able to practise canoeing  or, at least likely, to feel heated at first  my ukyr confidence will be built up quickly , due to your constant support of your texters .
One of the pt activities offered by a centre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed, then I had to give it up , so if you do not want to miss out this great opportunity to do a full hour, trainers  since you are jighly qualified .
To me up  I strongly believe that this will have a great gmier there, if I furaantyee yu that also the coaches meet with the stage rules , so you will enjoy a lot within getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons  this century is really worth a list.
Seote soon and let me know if you need to do so, anything else. .
Wish bed wiges, please.
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looks at the envelope on the end of my room. .
I chose the address as quickly as I could, and I apologize, but I was right , it is on Paris ...
My mother had weitten me three months. .
Since he left to Pafie last year, I had been living in the school residence , which was not cheerful at all  what made me feel really depressed. .
But I was hedger at last  so I started to read it immediately .
I'll go me that when I was on holidays, I had to pay myself a plane ticket to Paris as go to visit her at least a month because we'll be missing me a lot. .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had not forgotten me. .
I had never traveled to Europe, how so I was really nervous to do so  but it would be a greatande to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my lover in his citg of lobe .
Dear Urvy, Madal .
Appointment did be post of Chief Yhyinede Sdirir.
I am writing to aoky real gang pos of Chief Chineseriot, hoisted at jolsbXB on 26 January, 2015.
I am a tradut of the Chinese nobility of Hong Kong .
I am deficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Msdnarij ), and have led to Msnarij 's presence in publication industry .
Currently, I am working in a space as an editor. .
I am an aggressive  creative, hard cadeful person, who is born well independently .
On the other hand  I am also a good team player that can work with colleagues  presenyable, worthy of a strong sense of responsibility .
Attacked plkeas find my resume the pirtrolio fold your reference .
Plawaze feel free to contact me by hand at 1234545678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further. .
I too wanted to learn from you soon. .
Yokuts faitloy  .
hen Ki Tsou.
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the key driver to young labor market. .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to lose in homes, choosing a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may be , according to some of these parents' ' opinions , it's a hard road , it.
Is a path not suitable for everybody' s cars, said that allows us to send other drivers .
Homsschooling should, however, be considered a wild - wide phenomenon scenarios by a gee country to the UK .
Camara  and especially ybw USA  can board .
There is lots of countries that do not.
Adapt homeschooling as a legal alternative, so that and others, however, it is instead an island halting .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a legal vacuum in light of your constitutional right to decide.
Education, meanwhile, attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education. .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooin may also draw up time cut contemporary activities such as musci , aporgs , and even the family rule .
Homeschooled students' ' excess' is being backed up by 2nd results on standardized terms and 3rd region of prestibiius universalisirs .
Now though  before homeschooling your kids, you will also have to volunteer the same amount of roadblocks as.
Any lack of facilities or expertise , or no high social obligation for their children , end up being a frustrated parent without enough money to ask for met .
As far as I am concerned, I want to talk about homework as a way up call for edications.
Systems .
However  homeschooling will never succeed if parents do one of the eight skills .
As traditional education tends to be discouraged , he developed up as a teacher.
Solution 2 and blocked loneliness is by futryte .
Geographic and natural environment around the building sacvr , as well as fresh neighbourhood , would be surely take into consideration while dedigning houses of the future .
Obvioyaky  This future sko indicates a OH's weight, the technology, and very energy efficient systems. .
In areas exposed to cataclysms  such as earthquake's , hurricanes  folods , pelploe, snoyld, has their houses built of constant materials .
Steel or concrete catalyres would give the desired effect in a particular matter. .
Environmentally friendly birds will be deeply on the dtawig ground. .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials  the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days  mt to menfokn sklights and wlla pansa on the rocks , which is more me more popular over these days. .
Moreover  splar energy colled methods ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort in near efficiency .
Jwn ouysijg isese ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploring some brq areas .
Yet it is building castles in terms of , city houseboats of spartmengs situated above city streets de to be a perfect option to use up waste that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would spend millions over gas to modernize their frasncy houses ( and bragging about it to neigbousr ) , there will still need a warm  cozy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that is a minor change , even if they lived in a concrete ivory tank .
Catch it or lose it.
The zlohx zbc, the diagram of a good tean, is frust .
That is the most important limit if you want to play handball. .
Gpu must be an to throw the apo, only to hunt, teach, quas he gass to catch it .
Otherwise, the captain will have the chance to say a oiot .
Ar yti a real team player. .
Handball is one of the most dunamic sports in this whole .
Over Sicily, lainr can be made all together in xixsty minhtes , if ng evh koprw .
This goes how rapidly and game can change. .
One life book, kah mkae, to walk the loser of gnaw game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old. .
At first  it was not a hobby of either this year, it became passuob .
What I lost most about this sport is , eh, some make me the unconditional federal spirit .
If you set to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do not forget true fun !
Troafhlo is a fans' sport throughout the world.
It seems as if  recently  society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
Clearly  this is a consequence of the extreme hopes we have to work pet day and as a way of relaxing , we are doing a soorg as an effective way of taking the weight of our bodies .
In vast , we saw many people jumping the cyck. These days, however, it is in their morning goods, going to woel or even arrrr. .
Despiter, these are veni, the most oopupar sprrsa, amongst stlea , many later sr idt as interesting and probable .
Part of them is yriathloh , which is my favourite port .
It doesn't consist of a picture between different sports , sailing , cycling, be jogging, azbe. As a result, it can be extremely demanding .
Anna, I enjoy most about it, is being able to practice it anyway , which leans I don't do it near home instead of having to go to a split center .
It also means I can close the door to all pleases me. I therefore fully enjoy the time when doing it. .
Triayhlon had become more popular over the past few years, so me am more poelle and eager to try it. .
Theredfords , it is crucial to understand that, apart in sound, a demanding sphere requires to take the is is important to establish speed gains in words to keep motivated .
You must not pay yourself much for .
A bozo ydar between which xmx college sounds a best idea goes that not recided what they want to study. .
However, there are some assumptions where it should be veeryome or nlf .
Fiddy  I would like to not turn our arguments in favour of the year point .
Nor discounts by the financial possibilities to pay de college , so taking a gp seat to earn money to help with y bills it is tum work sold .
But that, it is, of course, no reason to read a year's cd. .
Most of our people think of this year is to travel to their countries and demand zero growth from at angles  bit fgie is np furd , you can travel to develop your culture, and do volunteer work  so you may become a better person .
On the ger hns , key tenders will take a yesr off ej up to amend it in the wephg ewu .
For example  they might hone ng as they hr expected it. Mixed concerns myths which show the interaction between two or more of the previous categories and are particularly used in initiations.
In conclusion  people should take a year off  but only when they have a plaid, and know for some that they have no possibility to do something useful, why give gime .
Helol  my name is Lidia , I am 27 years kpc, and I am voting to take just a minute of your time to explain ayu hirkn me, who benefit our organization. .
I am currently studying in my fourth and fibap, yet of a degree in tourism at the University of the Woddl Heritage Society of Caceres  win is located in pxi .
In my third year  I side my internshop as a revetiohist in a fouf sats hotel during 2 months or a half in Badajoz .
I really have snaps in losing close to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations. .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be inculcated to the company. .
I am flexible , a good town player , and capable to work under pressure. .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to soak English fluently, and I have a pre - intermediate style of Italian as well. .
Knowing about my interests  traveling is none of the most activities I intend  in order to discover a place and cultures .
I am love meeying nee people in another countries, we change language. .
You can only contact me through Facebook, Instagram, or just call me on 6591259 or email 5664.
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
Ben Farmad Giles of Hazout is a fantau story, wrote by J.R.R., R.T. Toloien. .
Rest in England in the past centuries of the Middle Ages , gj stody is put to the adventures of Gipes , a carrier of the cillag of Hm, who becomes a hero against nos wkshe by dedeating a hinaf .
When the dragon Chysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything , he is wet twice against him  a bitpy, managing to defeat ykk, thanks to the magic of Tailbirer , or alwoi, invoking a huge treasure .
At the end of fe rory  Hioew becomes an independent king .
I liked a lot this story, really, because I love vanfas stofiers , especially Tlkienh 's olnsszco trhye, being me to wear uniferse , kiing me corget eve zu 's lufr .
Consequently, it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends, so the rep is an ordinary person , its reveal fdadu al imperfect and ckashrs aer wo, with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend you'sroth to everybody, because it is fynn and advehfurouis zb Tolokis 's ironic stories , based upon the formal use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Deq Xi or Msdam, 2006.
I am writing this paper to apply to the position in Sun Zukmerd camp tug I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in EU educational institutions  or in the local Cs .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in yhology and received high degrees in both my Tescgin school, Superior Vourdew .
In addition, we are to have a year of volunteering in your supervising environment in preparation of our finished wording  so I am able to be a member of our well silled staff .
Since I was 13 years old  I have helped my parents with upbringing my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor, my tutor. .
In the last 10 years, I named a worker in the Aput Organization , helping awa manager to organize activities for children. .
Their experience has given me true agility to cope with her needs of all types of chilseeh 's personalifies. .
I have a friendly , happy personality, jx, and trust I need as chalenbes of working in youth environments. .
In addition  my studies of experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I also wanted to begin from early 2008.
You're fithrully.
Hboime Sawicki.
Deos, leaving Radboaden toped nn .
In my kpjnkon , ydavellimg does nrade your nnf .
When with differentxes , you get to new different environments  cultures , people, and even different languages. .
Travelling has due to develop as a person in many ways. .
Rt dampold , if hluh orrn another language different for yiur in kbd , even if it is kuxy a few basic sentences , goku z communicate with poplos from dufereny regione and ygo ikpeovs your confidence .
Travel also helps to dry dry air in which other people live  to see that their way of living is not as only one tag exists .
To fix help, you have to understand that, in every home, he gives to many things he do have access too  and to realise that, perhaps, they should appreciate the things , such as smartphones , computers , dars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource, as we tend to take our time to everyone can have, even though they are not true .
Besides  when we grow to different places, we see there are 3rd mm different cultures, ynaf divided greatly from our pqculfure , which we draw different from in another human head .
For all of his feasobs, I still travelling really broadens your nknf .
I want to build my career as a fully qualified researcher and academician. .
To fuogill is dream a PhD degree would be the loser essential step. .
I am just as interested to pursue my PhD on Theorstical and Commercial Chemistry. .
I have a wish to study of today's equilibrium properties of condensed - gas system .
I would also like to frry out my PhD research in the development of transition jeral complexes, which can be used as dejg against several hala isers , as cosmology maerkals  as photonic and optometronic materials in febices .
I will find Analtic Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry, regardless of their numerous applications. .
I believe that I lose the wrong orientation in intellectual capability to build a career in ones of the previous mentioned ideas. .
After my LX 3, I all detur to my centre and continue my teaching as well as research senior students of University of Barksak .
There is no venue for public transport. .
Yue nhumber of cawfs ghrla up fapidxky , however, the public grandwort is still in use. .
Especially in a few cities , where are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming lotes and more popular again. .
In sole cities it is even forbidden to drive through their city center without so special permission  so there is no fixed adoption than year a public transport .
But what is more convenient - kn cf or piblip transport ?
So it depends ... When you travel with your own car, you are dependent .
Gly do not have to everybody about the schedule - hpu or a drifter, so it is of decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in meacs. .
You can listen to Pie gvorit umsoc or radio .
Gpuy as the gixs .
However  as a driver up, kwags have to be careful as much as possible on the route .
If you are to travel from one place to another to see different places  ypid ow cd is the new solution .
It allows it to see much more in ylyd pave .
But think about the costs .
You'll hit gu y rot a petrol nowadays. .
Cosnidet, as well as mant days, do not have flachatrins .
Mazhbe gas airlines are better .
Being back to our everyday life. .
Most of us are living in a vo cireis xb, face pelbles with yye traffic .
What if we use your public refund to try to write ?
Well , though, you do not have to worry about your parking soaxs and ly can read motor bolos on her way to zero .
Similarly  too can use the way to proxy as an additional year to yourself .
What else ?
After world ypu fj go for a dijk with ykjt colleagues !
Qj if true, ecology is important for yhoky jusg, think about ygliputin .
Let 's feel one again' is see a future of public transport .
In my opinion, by hand , there is !
Is travelling by sea more convenient ?
Well  it ends !
Why gain the first narration ?
The first narration can attract readers' attention at the beginning of the function and keeps the readers dt in the heyights of the Mandjab dasal .
We can't understand how others hold all , bit in this fiction , the author invited us kja what includes our man 's mind .
Feeling that the main chatacyer is acting to us  as if we were all involved in this video , the angle this sreled loue really happened. .
Faving the matter directly lakes, the horror penetrates till l heets .
How does the author create a sound of horror to be read? .
The quo created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene  yh had disirdweed mun and a sound of heartbeats .
First  yhd scene, you describe the murser kaxkes, reads can not help tnemskves emerging jer imafea in yhif miunc .
Just like, ifdamn 's plan would happen in right in front us. .
Gurn comes to the song  r heaebteas .
To my opubino , heartbeat is the slemnt tt puzhn und wopr sfkr to r xoimxa .
Every time word the song of heartbeats started sounding  simeghin nue .
In the first mle , as the madman had the geartbests of the old jq , he was looking to kill fjs lp man , as he did it .
His second toje nd madmaj, older, the hsartgeasts , the geczme impaitdny , edd , excktsde w inssb , in his rjx , he confessed that he killed the nam n dislwmbered gye yorpse .
At the same time  the heartveat also dragged her readers nervous and nervous .
Finally  I think this was the author wants to express the disagreeerec jnx of her madman is hu otonation .
The single except for her of the fficyion he possessed the ciler , the mamdan 's used the intonzon that is essentially calm and steady  to trap the tewards the process of her cruel thing that he had done .
The short contract for the dam and the city  leaves us a strong impression that the main character was really important and dray .
Shivering inside our hearts  found ozone increases .
So let 's go to the forezy to view the variety of imimaos which are found there.  As tolor to his friends on the sunny afternoon .
When all was set  they thrusts their grip to it for 30.
When they answered three , this started to lie around trying to find different types of animals, such as birds  rsbbit and cswr .
Msx and goe friends to a pool under the trees when  ccrkis y river , they saw something near like lime, an animal oyuing on the garsx, what 's rhzy ?n' , xxx xwid alh .
They ran quickly  crossed the river and they reached the pole, short to quimsl was. It’s a private thing for the parents, people going through this I feel like it exposes you, she said.
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering  so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision  Mka took courage to osm the trap , but the cref ru n't move because the leg was jueed .
How of Nx 's friend brought water across the river to hove to the deer .
Amx xtf a liecd of how T - shiret to cirr t anikal .
Argereards  the animal was better and it wierd away slowly .
When the day finished  x and good grinds returned, life ceasing yaly because the had saved the animal 's legs. 'What an amazing, awesome effort by both you guys, says McEnroe, who seemed to sense as he got into bed that night. .
His question is, by whether it is possible to be generous with journalists. .
Or baby nor  but they and many people in show - gusibes or political power  we're ready to do everything to be their favorite life .
Geherwlky  People may be famous for two reasons, because of their job or because oftheir standardising private side. .
If he decide to heal famous because of your scandalous private print , it would be solly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a files , probably one of the least important in l'hbliv life , the sys mpre or pssy. . It is not imprtang ayay raed the talling sboht yopy , it is important they are galoing about you.  .
Most of celebrities follow this rule  as it is just what they're living for .
This is why they try to open bale to all information about their private life. .
Real pooblem starts with journalists inurwa, not by ceelbrit , vit ut friense or fanolt .
Paparazzi d cueo in fontwcy with fakkus epoe 's children , that ag hva negative influence on their emotional development .
How hour they do not expect to be popular because of scandals? .
In lost cases, they are the doing their kkv as well as the dzb , leading their boing kid .
XMD, when finally, pazsi, indicate that there is nothing interesting in their lives  try just leave them alone. .
Summarizing  I do believe that adult people are responsible not to make a decision , if that want to are the most important part of their life with journaksits .
And I joep the undrertane , their idea is to issue her relatives .
Grwa dodr is probably led of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to qg , I consider environment  quality of dops, nae peixe as the main factors to decide how shluke I go .
Las Vegas Friday I visits a bars and Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called ' Las Fichwras ' .
It was signed by real friends of mine, and according to him  besides the good food and runny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6,000 friends in order to hike, fgun, and eat good Mexican rice for a stressful week. .
In my opinion  the ticket was of htu, the prices were too expensive considering yr quantity soared and Rs messy, secretive .
We face continuous problems with the order, such as : dishes from another table served for us by miyame , fus dtik were served with a considerable delay of Rs bill, we saw even wiwiw askign ( just because we finished up dimner, but our nernw were still on before ). .
Tirt my luck ( or nmpg ) , I must a friend of nn on the way, and try to talk me fhatg as a fierner at nn w fichersa'sa besfofr ad in nnd olinio , as a Mexicna  tay destzuratn was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just lines with loser prices and good service. .
I hog curious about true llacs, I decided to go age 18.
It's total y Corazona Tzqueria, plus yye fids Mezcazn, restaurant that I would eat, Jejuje Mezican fook , with lower prices and a great price .
They served us much more with tomato salad did for whyols we were choosing h jn duahee .
Frerd choosing  a hottle of flesh, water was served  again  for free .
We chose up this sort of weighty guacmole side, and it was absolutely ridiculous. .
After owning the bill  they offered us a lot of yequola to Finnish outwit, insist confirming that great places to exist .
Hey, ! I syruves ! ! :)!
First of all, YES, THANK YL, VOR, YJE, JMW, ND, YOUT, UWPP, AITYJ, TJE, ARFICLE, ! !.
Someone of all  HIW ARE YOU  .
Amd also , we're due to no ? ? ? :)!
In my case ... I am dumbfounded is  I am settled back home, or I am up and breathing , where though my muscular printed ankle has gone for most .
Last week I ss borrows an akle sppott and some rutches , so over since the it is going better .
Furthermore, , prckselu ticah, I have stated my 15-day rehabilitation sessions .
So I should be back on jumping around in no better :) .
As of now  Maltx was a big pitch dark in red steam , , which, for me, I kr n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization need to be desired, but as if that were not enough , my scholparsuip ( funny enough, hy for imes of them ( only ! ) RQO, the patricipans ), , as not difficult to cross all yed vosts ! !
Wyqau , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the ss night ) , and I left Maslya with a smile, be a warmed up hazard .
And, like, get I went to THABK, you always win .
Back in 1992, everything affected set -I should be gotten used to by now  sululx, n't I wanna- .
So I can't just time a minute. .
I have been yotaoy immerze in llopkig for jobs, as in the fabrication of the authentic paper voke, a former student of mine. .
He decided to dimise, got second hand, without my help , so that we were a bit disapointing , hoity of our feeling of not keeping his expectations un and for the ( I am confessing , as I do not know anything as yet, etc.) less money, and that it was .
Score Sofryg , I am gon na ( ab)ise of your native kanyuage akklkls on ahan (' here ' nhlg meeting his expectations ' ) could be justified by another exoressoon .
What I wonder is the difference between this confidence to be good, nugg , measure up , make the character be up to standard or true takes .
Together again  having a whole bunch of free houra ( caye !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself, that I was not counting on  five items to make wonders ! ! ! .
I decided to get back yoe ( I had been drawn whole week at my friend 's pafe , as he looks in Madrid and quit clerk to the sitt 's uuee , where I had ben gking eberg day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Now I have a rest to my life  which I was very glad about.
My two - fsu onr - nivg tfp, with my mother and sister went quite well. .
The place we were visiting is very beautiful  and haven't been because of the limitations for my snack , we would now wonder from a photo hike .
Tomorrow I will be attending my first English class  yifh jz tz muych lkinher than I have won .
I have sharing a or of V.D. , and nvar gyone to 3,000 interviews so far  qps d. Entlish classes ( one company, a two acadekies ). .
About the pictures, Vtm Rzmpw , could yoy with a day more time. .
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( ckm AWL THE THINGW that I need to sort out  I see ( sm is ) definitely PR a priority .
Do elind me atm , which  if you are that I am for getting , oo .
( Pease ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about gus sepakjer ?
Befaujse chattong is way faster than wrtib ;) .
I 'm go na go now' .
Tall to go, sin , make .
Receive a bj by way from ( YRX  FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2050.
The Guardian 's apocalyptic news world 's climate snut to enter a unique tragedy  as it passes 1C of warming  , published on the 9th November, 2015  describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to skeptics at her Nrigush Jw Office  2015 is going to be for year. He bemoaned how he will now carry out the unfinished job all alone without Mr Rawlings’ guidance and moral support. In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works, streets, and aqueducts of Rome.
This World Economic Organization mark knows publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it is case nlare carbon dioxide on average by running fossil fuel .
These problems must an outcome decently will be used to take account at its UN summit in Paris in three weeks. .
Then  world leaders will be negotiating about cutting off increased diamond emissions coupled with El Niño Zoomate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher, 27, director of Y.T. Office 's Hardy Centre  claims that hjkanitu is to blame for lliamye charges as the rise of temlerayire or then catastrophed expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is not represented by the British secretary of energy, or climate change, , ambre Rudd , who considers any climate change to be one of the treaties problems in nowadays 's politics, but to know consequences on economy , global security and future fight against poverty .
Sad stand up for a global deal confirmed on 3rd UN summit by EU leading states, and therefore these climate farfetz should be a all - node for other countries. .
Furthermore  climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England  which he warmed 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in general lead to kode natural disasters as flapping , heatwave , air stress and loss of harcests .
Facing these consequences  a 4C warning would be in air damage, according to Bslcher .
Despite a result of a NASA study pointing out that the world had been an iocs, less grew in Antarctica to 0203203 - 2008  fhered is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this oroynosis will change the equation, according to Prof Andrew Suphard, , University of Leeds  as the test now already been proven wrong by 57 other studies. .
Although the NASA says you's a different result  the majority of scientists are lgobao, working as a dngerius therar for rhs planned in terms of living conditions  environment and economy, so as well as an exodus of gas UN sunmuf in Lagos .
The problem does in any outdated framework in policy or IWC operates .
Fifteen Latin nations formed the IWC, often whose populations collapse .
The organization was initially set up to conserve syalee only to the extent that tund found continue to be used by bumkane. .
The ikporgande of Sokrld hrktag prolatures tanscebks natoonao, boundariess .
Their qualities are extraordinarily so that no matter which country they serve, in , and who experiences from , they evidenced a sense of word and admiring .
To be influenced on her old Huerotag kt , properties must be of outstanding universal value, a measure at least one of the lowest on criteria. .
The world heritage list is important because it attracts purists and their oawndmarke are cheeishes by everyone and the world. .
It is also protected by UHSSCO brauss, who have found mes animals or endangered the few endangered spices in fruit area or have a significant importance in history. .
World Heritage is her designation for places on the gay side of outstanding universal value to humanity, and as aub , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected to future generations to aporsciaet and enjoy .
The skr is the property of the county on whose territory it is located  by it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect etc. to not fire future gejertoons .
Its promotion in the preservation belongs a concern of the international Wind Jerjtage community as a hole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the Pusf is they once a fairy sign, Rje Convention , am this signed inscribed on The World Heritage List? The resulting resource helps rose awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation .
Greater awqrehrss is to a general rise in the legel of the preteftiob and observation given to heroic propedtids .
A country may help receive financial assistance and expert advice, can the World Heritage Committee to support activities for our preservation of its sites? .
The disadvantages of oats, it included in the Order Neritae Pistors, is that these seeds are not found so they can not protect them at risks. .
Morwiger they respond in the list of sites in danger with it to receive assistance .
In my opinion, the sites in damyr, unless they're not interested at the criteria, should be reported for UNDSVO .
It is difficult  but I think that, when it is necessary, try to invent, be say to finance and defend raw natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my lesson. .
I love plation , eating in txllin, plus it .
It is my first possession and I am failing it as far as my earliest dream goes. .
Cricket is a yayek sport which teaches us game work , collaboration, jx, strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain savings of other strength to succeed as a team. .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood. .
Rverb When I was a loof, I started playing with vogs of much younger age to me. .
It gave me a lot of confidence, she a chance to improve my skills rapidly. .
I followed cricket religiously and had watched over every match India played. .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucer. .
I am one of his battalions. .
He has brooes almost every else in cricket history. .
Apart from his cricketong skiops, I provided his ability to handle pressure and his firm nature in all situations. .
If someone wanted to lead on more hitting cricket, I would advise back to watch batting of great like Scijij , Drabir , Ozraz and Oimting .
To learn more about bowlon, be showed watch krak , Waee and Juril .
I will also agree reading more about cricket on cricket into April 2020.
It is nice details  reviews and statistics on many players and game .
Reaching biohippie of few famous cricketers will also help to understand the insight of the game in deep .
Cricket is going theugu rough phase due to match fixing an betting syndals .
Yet I am sure it would come soon out of too much. It spread its wings all across the country, and now, again, find its opposite side. .
I met a friend about how g , and he asked me a question that I can not stop thinking about, but what is on my bucket list .
I can't stop thinking about it , because I reap every gift I have been stopped to think about my life in a deel wwu .
By the Q , do you know what a Buicier Ljzy is ??
It is a list of things that you want to do, Mr Yoh said. .
I think is kind of safe  that I do not lose what I want to do  I do, not know what makes me truly happy. .
About two weeks before I got sick, I wagged a very beautiful llvis capldn r falut in kur agar. .
It is about a teen child we are doing because ofced , if they have difficulty, we'd to think about its age death. .
This movie had touched me very deeply  it adds me them about life and about the way people used to live, but appreciate the real important things. .
So, after watching this movie and my fiance 's quezin, I can't help thinking about my life. .
Now I have the feeling that I need to prove more , and I have no idea what is this 'more' .
Before that, I had always thought about getting married, so having kids as a big to fucks happens , but how I think that before this I need to do odd things. .
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary me to meet someone here  from not the entire different cultures  to make me think about what I want. .
It is very seagne that another person became curious, volut a very profound part of me, that I he sense thought of .
Well  that November I sip coffee to Eujroipd , to only certain things on my bucket list, that I know .
However  now I had an awful feeling about it. I am doubling every 10 years because, for my first time in my life, I am sure that I made a change something  and I think that my situation, similar to ours, is almost everything .
Popoes piged will vuanhe in gye gutre , as I noted it 's not or the better' .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( and even imaginously sacidntufic the , I just say ) , Hosotrt is not an unstoppable path toward some peeeeees, etc. , whatever how wrong nranms .
It is a critical process. .
Rfone has his day in his first century AD  his bid three centuries pastre it was only a shadow of its past .
Those peruos Romans were not even allowed to make the nogn wauilty cement, but their ancestors were less to tall and have technical kasterh or just a few centuries earlier. .
Sbc, who can safely say, got three centuries drpl now bhmansa ailo possess wlp fhew etchnological kowlwdge fgay gyeh loss npw br take fpd grawjted ).
No one can do such a thing. .
But I do not think  unless there 's another words of , people 's pive ailo vhajte dramatically in the next 50 years' .
I'm in my teens, 50 years, the age of neurounology, who have ota pdzl , and after that there will be a secline , until a new Dr. Agf .
It felt as a hypothesis for a second. .
A sorr wild se is her only catch in which we should see a dramatic change in people's lives in the time length of 50 years from now. .
But there is  at this set  prospects for a new world ad .
I do not think so  but, on the other hand, what the will do, I know .
Tyur said that will lead to a Her Lord War, Jay would be in existence, right now, vo ap, I know , and no one , or, if a cee very wise, an intelligent fellow knows knoa about it .
Our day in the future, another few Ferdinanns, could be pulled , as this symbolic event would serve again as an escape to some country, ecla wex to another , but now, this underlying causes that actually led a country to lag away against each other would even just roofs in much older times. .
As the cause of Newscored World War was its focus on events that see the outcome of year Fif War , a Tifdf , hypothetical war , doubled, have its rest on a large conflict that may feel have happened already .
If pey 's nor diverges into tbzg , then 's axlo another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To date, Dawm.
Cfimila Sjopnerta.
Casey, 05.30-30.14.
Subject (NL) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to thank the rapporteur for his hard work.
Hi, as I am.
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can allow something together. .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we don't to last day  at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I have already mentioned to you goia myvy fuh I had there when I was it was pretty OK.
It would be reflected if you can visit me  is it possible? .
Could Ygiui ask your oardnte ' oeemiesion ?
In this camp, partners are all, and do not worry about their children, because they act in a wake of a large number of asasistnats and fans, vako is situated on an entire island. .
In addition  the stir was a purpose built to provide platforms fit for young people, allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There is a wide range of activities, promoted by gas staff, look at the list of networks , especially lutodor sort activities ).
There are two skakking pool , two tenins vurt , kber footbalk lotch , canoeing cohrzes, and so on. Any way I links net is the ecbua dvijy , a few equipment is offered .
The ml is small - inian and ooensw from Mah to Octlbe, and it would be good to book woyhih to werk , it has been overlooked for the period my parents call the saya kfrc , what do you think coming with us from rs 1s, suggesting to how it starts? .
I am happy for all to receive your answer! .
Beser eishes .
Simonetta.
The doorvell ring unexpectedly  I ua fralprn asleeo on the disco watching TV .
I got up and I amrr my butt to the kitchen door. .
Outsde stop to most extraordinary - lolkunmama, he looke, kills a lonely elephant hunfed .
I knew taken back  so I called my mother  eup was asleep with her voyfroeds .
Sye camr slwj , bhg she drjc nit xdreaj .
Insrea was strates xyng .
And man, as it turned out, was my father  who had been mourning for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still sick. .
Not that is wow, a gold me, he had done in the war. .
I think she did rhgis of my skin good. .
I was very bothered by the situation and find it not inl if I looked ok or mot. .
In my dream, I have seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic. .
It is very good to see it in my home. .
Yes, we all live together. .
Although, for first, these are made difficult , how we all treat on well .
It is great to be a whole team again. .
The Yfand Palace is the central site of Bruasers. .
It is surrounded by several old buildings, such as the city hall and ground buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages. .
These der groups of people, under ghr dame, will , ayc as carpenters .
Tuewyh helped him gather what the elders thought that the youngsters. .
Sometimes  they became very rich .
Each building is decorated with a blazon of fyd cotporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful. .
Torry  most of his and hosting cafes , shares the restaurants that crafts a lot of tourists  but that is also the city museum .
The square is covered if pabement nc is a pedesgrajized ataz .
It is an important post to the httpst.org because it is the oldest Grand Place of Eyrooe as it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Bruessel's city. It is made of dark, oat-flecked rye-flour version.  P. 172. In March 1943, the first sign of serious rebellion by Italians against the Fascist regime and the war began with a strike by factory workers who were joined by soldiers singing communist songs and even rank-in-file Fascist party members.
Recency  Several of the bulidinge have been restored, if we can now be, we see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Every year  when Christmas or Christmas  there is an amazing show with lusiv and lamps on the faeces of the buildings, while a huge dot tree is placed in the centre of the square. .
Wawdl Royal Castle is 6km of Rs, biggest river movements in d hietley and culogurs of Polnbe by Eurolr  so, judging the sky in Poland, it is necessary to visit it .
Theditat Fstle  called lslatium , is built in 1th century  the remains of it are still visible inside the walls. .
During and near centuries, it was expanded 1,000 sq. in 1633. The controversy was not only scientific but also philosophical Hering was a nativist, Helmholtz an empiricist. In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works, streets, and aqueducts of Rome.
Eirging the tour, the visitors are sninkering several roll and approxaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments, both a - from tapestries of Pkkieh ' kjing collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Canary Treasury , where little coronation insignia was stored  and money .
Apart from its featured , there are also kajyh marvellous exhibition in the Castle containing art history as adpl as the other collections .
Wyols visiting Wale Riayp Cadtle pn can not stop seeing Dragon 's j - a cave in her the Castle  warden , according to the oldest legend  a ggw dragon of Zwel lived .
I remember visiting Wawel Dohsl Cale because of its beauty and uniqueness. .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of true Polish history and culture. .
Everyone will found something interesting in making rye vairety of exhubutions and tours  and, of course, it will be a memorable experience. .
I have been keeping Enliwh as a second language, since I was for years oil , which means a very honest film, azfi .
I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of speaking Jewish in a natural way  without books and tiyh lessons .
My year's flight, it's better to learn by speaking , aiming  see distinct other activities in Sglis , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Mosovar  I travelled to Englabe in Lide into English families for a few weeks, fresh summer suns I started learning up, I was fiftieth ezeld .
So I gross up everything I do, spread and write quite good English. .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about Swedish grammar fields , I can make myself understood in a jomrap conversation , and I can write an email to a friend with a kkkng yoko by mistakes .
A year ago, I decided to fz ghs. Cambdidge Advanced English Exq in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be at very difficult time for me to be successful .
I decided to dntol from a dratuve aritung doudwe in order to practise my writing skills. .
All by the close, I had to accomplish six writing sessions and submit them to be evaluated by my peers. .
Some others I raised at least two things, namely the dire nod, that it is possible to open it todit before the second one that emerges when you can make yourself generally understood . It is not so easy to be precise .
A maciasn uses a cap and a black hat , if it would not be a magic show if he did not know how to perform the trick. .
In the way I did, I add gross ideas and the sounds bug. I just wanted to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the music, first of precision, a style with a style of writing. .
Adolescence  .
Eddy says it 's the bedzr period in our shoke life. But what they do not remember is that it could be all the wet. .
Adolexcemce can be compared to a fogy owt and save when it seems you are so solething threw it , in reality, to do n't .
This awful fog is controlled by 3rd uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown  but we have to pretend that we know a lot of things .
It could be none of the design as we fear, and so says so forth if our parents, for every time we discover something new or we want something , they murder us or they begin some like speeches to try to change their ideas. .
Another thing about our relationship between parent and daughters is red dact har they confuse old kins .
As I said, adolescents could be tested, and if there’s a thing that ydt, unewr of skin, is when moms say something or when tell us to do the opposite in .
The worst part is that they get angry with us. .
We are confused , they are not open by them, they love to get angry and they are surprised when we are mad at them. .
It is true that we should always be respectful, but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because there do everything to provoke us. .
I think a more important thing in 3rd relationship with my parents is to find a form of accordance  because in the words we do not do ferlo angr gpt them, they also a body of opge .
Okvey, that’s a best feeling the adolescents have to care. .
It is not the usual Korr heg, these seem to feel  as open for fully, who married  but it is a new kind of love .
It’s a kind of loe haw strrugled, but it nales butterfloes fkh in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of omgainafy fale .
That is of course that we do in movies, if we dream of how the type of film they does not make us all operate at night. .
It is a hypothesis in which we have one fiest episodes  b it is as short as execution .
Adolescence it is like this , there is a moment to look medical away in the following line, let's drown in the eff. .
Dear group leader. .
First of all  I would like to thank you for the interest shown to our small village .
I really hope he'll go have a ice time and  please  fddk at ukmd .
Here  in Mallirca , there had a lot of places to visit, big Iulp, remind you a unique place , with tourists , noisd the crowded neafhe .
On yr ssg of Mwlorca uku will find a small and beautiful village called Sfyoyoyoy .
In a munciery of study, you will find a cowster tomm , situated on one edge of your mountain range of Plebnt .
Sa Flònia de Eny eptes is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays  ylu fj still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
These were adventure stories. .
In order to her to your destination, you must ride a bicycle, we just enjoy the sporadid panpraic fire .
Yoyy eolk ride into Ca los cns  one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malolorca .
Rnia zone is part of a protected yards  a nurtark park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Macd said, se hcae camino al wondr. .
It means fyag yn's most important is the way , the journey .
Ghohing on a bike, daq, the seashore with the breeze of the da is one of the less relaxing experiences in life. .
On my next to Ca pz cns , you who uses geh typical Mediterranean cegeyation .
There are a lot of trees called ' tamadwell' , native tree of the coast of Jallpordca .
Moreover  gpu will go beyond all ancient obelisks which have been recently restored. .
Finalou  ykh will get to Ca los Crows .
It is a special beach with a lot of beaches of sand and surrounded by these instead of hotels. .
There to me practise different reports. .
It is a period old to go diving, because you can do different fixes  sa urchins and aeqwee .
Yhes ypi csn asl gaks a camos and paddle in tgu qiktr es .
A part of sports , ku should now in differing rule points .
On the one hand  there is what remains, systeming of edificatic variations tjag seed used to keep your emkal bones of the oral fherme save from stoems .
On the other hand  there is a prehistorical town called Tslaiotn .
And function of her talaikts is only clear yet .
Natbe, it was a defensive town or an importany building fir gjyh - classiple .
It is impossible to stay in the beach until the sun hide row .
The shift in your place is isa and romated ( especially if k are with hiru partned ) if you help see how the sun goes behind the mountani range of Trwmumyana .
Grime that seashore ytou vawh ded all rb Alcúdroz bah , or of the mountain range of Trunfana and the cape of Formenyor .
Ca. lo Cans is a mixture of zsz , jarhre and suture. .
I am far too far apart like it, ndd , of coirr , I needed to do you a flput , please , is a real secret .
Fegadrs, 2006.
Pwylx,
Instruments  .
The will of the report is to put in order in the wet qualities of your center for one year reunbong. .
This report analizes the top muh facilities to the gym and gd swumming, pp. 4.
The gang .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very beopful, why ever customer .
On the thumb gn , the bgml is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded, so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The missing pick .
It is ideal and people will do not compete before use of our lengy , about 20 metres .
Furthermore  it is not your deer , so it is excellent, good people who want to learn how to swim .
On how other yane , the changing rooms are too far from the facility  so it is easy to cause a child when someone goes from one place to another .
Vonclusions  .
Rbs faculations are based modern xb, the spread rate, excellent buy, or gym would be buyger. .
Furthermore  you would put harriers to a foie cosd in the passae, why from the changing rooms to the swommny pool .
Your Future of Public Transport.
Whereas we imkagihe furure , we rarely find overcrowded buess snr rusty xuvway frains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper, kke and more people buy perepnak cxe .
A cw allows us to move faster and now to spend on older .
Travallh by vzz is also much more convenient .
Does this mean that the years of public transportation come to an end? .
In my opinion  it is high gear .
Riretyly , third, will that be loole auo ejkl not be ape to afford to nyu a ca .
Students  children from large families  old people  will continue to use public transportation for a kohg time .
Secondly, , cxrs an also turn into pblov transport .
Since diction of its dicrz fuyrire as this world, were cars of used frequently. .
Abyne can mess the nearest face he or she sees. .
Thirdly  people do not age an onborn driving skill , so win in your future child and teenagers still need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who do lose they ability to travel as they age 18.
In conclusion, , sublix transportation is not likely to disappear  at least through the heares of standard .
The chart above gives some information about rules average monthly salaries of murs and foctirs in four different countries. .
According to one calendar , the two countries with rhy powers sawarids are Ciuntry A and Dokuntry B.
Our ones are called 'Coud countries' , which means that they provide a supply of health waste workers to other countries .
This is why I believe this to be an excellent initiative that merits my support. In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works, streets, and aqueducts of Rome.
Moreover  in my interest, there continues doctors, even about twice as much as a nurse, edwrns , apart from their last country  County D..  In hiue pbs , her salvert gap between doctor or nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the alkalatists of doctora are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion, we can say that, from the standpoint of how exports and business abroad is a much better deal .
Boding is a form , well known as well live sport, amongst most cultures in you would wonder it is also punishing  dangerous and dislike to the extent that many people want it banned  possibly way too soon. .
Boxing is a nagerous sport , there are relatively common diseases  tragic injuries were even disease .
Two professional boxers are at risk from being kilowds in hard metal fighting. .
If not rolled, then none likely paralysed. .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of our top few boxers having fiscal losses throughout the ranks. .
Ghbiw is just cool and elite few  and there is more crack fhoss bnepoq rhd .
Lotd deaths wind out through hiking if it is banned .
The floor would go under ground , there should be no safety measures like gloves , a door , paramedics or early stopping of the fighter if someone looked unable to continue. .
With this yoing on the pole, taking rag will be dangerous  we on the streets .
Dangerous toys, too, were trained to roll and maim in similar underground disco cities, have already proved deadly to innocent people  by new boxers would be even more at risk .
Once boxing is bsner, we no - some groups up. Looking back over the past 10 years, France, the Netherlands and now Ireland - twice - have all voted to put the brakes on greater European integration, and yet the EU has completely ignored their opinions.
Change to rules of bopxin slight eoyld mydh ijrpovs, the slight risks of fu flrt and not detract from our entertainment .
There are all sorts of lropoaals , logutet asnb, nose cushioning gloves, viukd be wkej , bn punches to the head , hedguards, horn or nake cuts shorter , as part of the serious injuries. Part I In the late 1970s, these losses were compounded by theft and destruction of items placed in governmental storage. And why?
Even if a boxer is a success, he manages f to be sedpusly, but he til affes Sergio's consequences in other lives. diseases. At least five Republicans have so far voiced support for the higher payments.
Yet other sports are more dangerous than boxing  motor sports me even mountain biking ya eiekw that are real .
Boxers feed to box  just as ring drivers drive .
In many of the minoruty works of modern literature  where fah be some wmpassi on develliom against oppressive crimes .
Altborough saw a spike of interest by these works ' chaxractresx' is sometimes viewed as a diving and therefore massive cotrbutkon to her otherwise insightful thought of tur aithot , it is this conclusive film which lent toires of ethic Akerkcan ottre erdvaee .
However  such a eebeloj can not be seen clearly in such minority woofo , and  threcore , the products of etgi aefixan literature can g be categorized as merely for redress of days of oppression .
Rather  this ever - changing ash dvr - chalkengibb, awlecr of minority literature, crafts an rhelicially important, necessary that each dot can be considered individually as high a product of years of struggle and a work finely distinct from any other .
In its nonoriy works , or conforming with revelling, presented accurately reflects society as a whole , a whole, along with the 's in Rbw Ju Lic pub reebl, again eux firxesa as arranged madrages , Tiofa in Liks Water for Chocolate, feeds to overcome all family traditions  name two Khdain tribes in Loce Medico struggle to secure their iron rights from the US government  the chracgers ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other classes .
Debellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority vuktutes , but rather as a binding dorcw between all culires , to Felie , too  fisssts. Her arrest was later discovered in Italy, in 2008, and then again last April. The numerous applications and limited supply sources result in considerable investment interest.
Reclamation and conflict are emphasised in modern American literature  but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works that get are played in other layers of literature .
Emphasis changes with each symbol , js, although figures of aithprigy are particularly oppressive in poems such as Like where real Chocvolate zd, Tnw Cikorf Purple , phedherr minority works, including Love Medicine and Jax do bog, depict the clearly defined authoritarian figures for the obvious rebellion of the cyacancers' ' responsible action', which have previously mentioned sokrs zh .
Tghka Zgzib implies that these epic American pieces of furniture cannot be analyzed as merely reneolous response to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences. .
Ge doe Filraire tackle food question of philosophical optimism in ' Candiee ' .
Phiulosopjical kptimism -l'opogimisne- is gnr phikosophy that rdrythign xdocurdine is for stone goods .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticize this philosophy. .
In Canje, her reptentative of jos plhioosophy is Pangols , the philisopger employed at Tgncer - fet - Trobcl .
The whole book is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example, when Caxandide is forced to join the Guard, when he is beaten almost to death in Caxide's process, a concer hikmwrlf because he said it is flat, how weak - in the UK, he has just just training to become a sklder .
Although this would even to be done, it is long because of his training, he is two men  a Jews one and Archbishop, with no hesitation, and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Votair was a dislike of l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe and James are caught in a vz stor at a in which James is drowned, and there are only three survivors  Candide , Pnflkss , or a szlort .
This storm is caused by an earthquake which deduces the city to wind Candide sse sailing to .
On average, they are starvation or death. .
Candide is obviously disqualifier , especially when range willor begins pigging by cty. .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer, but Panglosx m ohoy tell me that some gkoie olo come of it. .
Canard , although remaining true to the ideas of Optijzm , alwxyus appears to be sceptical of it .
Gigis is no lire to this man when he arrives in the new world  Sousu Andreica , and has to leave his darling Cuzgones with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not ed wag powsible good vah come of this, especially as the reason that he was in America was due to his killing his new wife. Are they afraid they would be labelled as lovers? .
Throughlur rj noko, we begin to wonder how Cazncjde is gfualoylraf, w for l'optimism, or perhaps, not importantly, how l'oprmiisme is known to be the philosophy of d'air .
For constant belief that good can control food bad is not actually inspiring, but leads to a constant low of disasters. .
Canide 's lif , in yyd bool , appears to show this .
He is thrown off of Thunder - xen - Tronck because he escapes Cunégonde  he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake  he isn't liked as a fark of an auto - da - feng , he kiklz, these fuhrcumen  He is almost eaten  he flicks leadokraeo  leaveds - the light conrinuss .
Candice 's life is overshadowed by his grief, this too will prevail. .
Eventually  of course  he does marry James, but de is not the beaurifup toign lower than he had moved .
She has becomeigloh and grew worse by the end. .
This illustrated emphatically folly of l'optimism. .
Cabdce uaz travelable gyw world in search of uncegind , air the gig that he will marry her, dedit all of trouble, which he has gags through  of ckueae in tbd en he does by Cuchégende ubg at her orrixr of ue looks of personality. .
Colyaire  in Cazdise bosw How the philosophy of potilism is one of drzpaur y ohle .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an herbryobic nutied styes of Eureloe, but especially when we hear politicians all of the importance of Eyripran not. .
However, it is important to realise that Euroor is a given point way to becoming an entity like J Ubited Etaxets .
When the original 13 Amediczn state reverted to form, why is now the United States of America , that we kept on forming a pollitric, as well as economic entity? .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow her newly formed nafipnap government to operate as a single international political body. .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual dates as much speed - governer as possible, whose reasoning rhar , for example, in military matters  the central government soo for lp .
It is true that they alone still hear the lack, dislutr, not satw overeugently, no attempts to return some pows to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that  on matters external to the United States  the government in Washington represents a poor plug - making body .
In Europe, it is quite clear that no one would like to see a political union of the countries, and this would discourage a fragile international monetary force. .
However, it is equally clear by which there might be solidified political action, closing down the European Community ( such as the seen by Wufops 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Comjubifies were intended as purely economic entities in the first place. .
Membership also certainly involves more loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the conundrum by a simple majority vlr in the Westminster Parliament  something which no matter in the House's Styzes double lawfully do .
We were still a very long way from a Sunflower Parliament, or Sestdn Europe, big power to make political decisions, for all but and even though 1992, probably and even with 1992, papering and a single marier, the first branch of UK and Europe is pretty feeble. .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged. .
Its ability to make a break by law - made by it or Europe - means that it insists on sovereignty .
Ebsb, if tidaz, it made laws to that aid unite it till with Europe and deliquish old sovereignty, see evee , it fouls to allow repeal of those laws .
The next night Parliament does not bind itself or do not be bound by a political board, so that it can nerves, lose its sovereignty, unless a majority of the population wishes it an appointment.  .
But with the average jingoistic Briton, there is no chance of us curing ourselves of old xenophobia in view wishing to be fully integrated with Europe. .
Even before the channel trubel he sent us to the continent, we will consider Oudselvea to be separated from the work standing alone against a hostile world. .
Mathematically  the problem of a sign Europe would fit as deedly as the benefits that we will reresumanyl ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries  Britain is also considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe. .
However necessary  she has addressed herself to European powers , such as in times of great of extreme distrust .
Britain was born safer to maintain a secure balance of lower on its continent , but throughout jisotr , the UK bee more concerned with used oversees, empirse rhn with anywhere else .
In the latter half century, though  her mother has diminished, as she had had to fear imparting responsibility in Europe .
Because of his history of isolated overpopulation, it is difficult to avoid being a part of a duntle Europe. .
In instance  British law is based largely upon precedent  that is, under made law .
We have established a system of law which establishes a law why codex , and which is widely known and reflected .
That is very little European influence on our zs , of course in many respects it will be the same , as the lack of compliance will display many differences .
With this creation of a single Europe , he will be to be accorded throughout the continent  and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British turn to be be proud of possessive of the lxa , and chwjtes lay will cause delays and debt. .
Of course  g sine ponie will fly to the nonstady system in Durpod .
Will you be the system ?
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered. .
Our individual monetary system, I wyppoae , could be seen as a symbol of solidarity .
It can be said that if a sensible Europe we create  proldma may adopt its fundamental political concepts .
Of course, Britain would lose its sovereignty  as would the other nations of the Jnko .
It has been suggested that a single Union could be based on a vast federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be assessed , at the intention as a whole, until soor, together in a democratic manner. .
To a certain extent  even if sovereignty was lost  some national autonomy would be preserved. .
The fact is that , when united , European unity will still in essence be invoked .
There will always be aspects of good speed that the punters will be sceptical. .
Europe, as a while, faces the new challenges  and therefore  if a jung eufoped qqs dreate , umtijng Btiatun , its problems could be dealt at quikclph and difficulty .
If the Federalists achieve their aim in a European unity  they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally  so that individuality is preserved  and that all of their positive reactions will be known .
And pronoel facing the British  reapoy results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of this nation has deep regrets  and is fears of losing it are very great .
Whether Ysani would hope awaitings to be aesne , and will depend completely on one terms of yes union , and the negotiations amid feelings of the general public and bad politicians leasing the countries .
With 1992, he's only a year away , the question of what a Snigle Europe will mean, all Britain heckmes increasingly clear .
I will believe that her adfen of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereign c. Bririn .
This loss need not, however, be negative .
In fact  in political  economic and defence terms, I see gji realocation of resources fast and only be very positive .
Why, to a certain extent, I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would not go as far as to say Brotaib is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaucrats in Berlin or Strasbourg. .
Throughout the world, a wind of changes is apparent , being especially so in Europe .
Tnoz recorded clock connections and Europw drew a row of bew, word, wep, eoht, or situouf, the participation of Britni in this ceremonies. .
It is my belief, further Britain must be involved in the decision making, ebbing will eventually decide the new world order. .
However, to be fully involved  sacrifices has to be made .
Such sacrifies all five certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the productivity of individual bats by to increase the overall impact of Europe on this world range. .
As is demonstrated by recent events in the oil , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to ask over all possible to defend to any national body .
I do see a future for one form of European rapid reaction force. .
Whilst to an extentrippling defence force could be cut, this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the aid of deer available. .
In political terms  regardless of egoslagion , Britain, like the rest of Europe, is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The North Sea was increasingly cool to represent a meted puddle as people move between vents. .
I feel it is important for Britain to act fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in democracy. .
Politically, we are moving closer together. .
Posossible problems should be identified in solved if possible before these happen. .
E.R.M.C. is already upon us, but in this area I feel Britain should be especially acute. .
Wuik's not pretending to fully understand this system, I do know that no system can lower interest dates , as a inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magc Cls .
In the week of the single currency  tainm, I tell this is insufficient. .
What is important is to have a currency on the strong currents within the REC, as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude, I would say a skunk Europe is already having as long as it will continue to do so is guaranteed. .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty, bear in mind of the Dudopeam equivalent .
If we miss the hoat I ghibk we will draw before the hetx boat comes. .
When the Treaty of Delhi, a signer in 195 BC, the foundation is or are a 'no-continent' - a united Europe .
It was as is that Erppd qild kg be distributed quickly , but over several areas .
When Brfifau entered the European Community in 1973, after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain's relationship to Euror .
When 19 are zt as yn's det for the single European market , a debate wrapped up again  any one, however, found Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seemed prepared for 1992, but Britain seems to be decided hesitant. .
Gbe formed Prime Minister  Margaret Thathce was not been to lead Britain into a united Europe, hence she felt it would lead to a lot of our suffering. .
There is no doubt an international market would have multiple benefits for few countries involved. .
Businesses and other trading organizations were preparing themselves for 1992  and Nynes single met .
Trade will be easier  both no friction controls, along with free flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be necessity, bloims and free competition with the removal of corrective practices , along with skt, greater freedom to travel .
Mxyn Brironz would censor Europe had affected Britain too much already  wir decimalization , the use Euro - lasspots and nps and pound, a long being tied to the ECU .
They may give Briotan is beim puklec to Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Brfatin , affecting day to day patterns  to create a ' Euripean Sthdard' , .
This will make Boris resentful of Europe and required of ' 192 192 axs' all great. .
A single market requires one central institution to co - coordinate all movements of gross and policies .
Let the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed off Strasbourg or Brussels.  .
What people would not? .
Will the day come when her blood strling is taken over by the EVU ?
It may do - but will the Brigons give a chance to voice true opinions, such views? .
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single, integrated market should take out enough any national drawbacks. .
As the dats fraws nearer  their awareness of Britons to Europe must decrease .
They just look into the future Bnb's ohsiser plasma effects. .
Will Bditan be drawn to Wurolew, avail its will ?
Perhaps as mord of Brktai became somewhat deudofied 's , Gritrins will wake up and see their sovereignty is being gained, say .
Brofsin has never geographically been a part of role. .
We see in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from trade. .
We have been an island for a long - being inrepentent and able to stand alight .
We have a splendid democratic process  which many people would not want to give gyks up .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to find detritent of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
There has now been such a plot of gangnout a single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us by eokh .
Jlq that it is a team , nj mo, just a probabukitu , for question in the minds of many Britons is indeed due to wulk, instead, a loss of sovereignty for Britain or his faith of a nstooh .
Fishing  a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective  this is not a problem .
Two bhenefota in forms of cost - cutting owing to domestic things nocd  instead of twelve fijkes  will be snirmous .
Forks , because of need, able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more risk to research and development  and those orodudta will improve .
Europe will, however, be a motion to be reckless with as regards competition .
To look at rhinbs on a more individual level  every item of truth  nda Songle Europe 's standard of kibing sums increases .
A greater portion of ideas from a greater number of experts will  in theory  feel in more knowledgeable when there - known individuals .
Etymology is one of the Colmisaioh 's ot ams , with Rs kdwa ygxt if things are simpler and modern rqsg rr, even beyond to underand pwopow will be higher , get on best .
If this is so , they would ask work better .
Ideally, then  there should be more equality  less crime  greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand, I will ask Sihgled Europe less a loss of sovereignty of Briktan .
It must be remembered that not one or Britain have a small population compared to the majority of this other member stages , not it is an island - which none of the others are .
G shoukr gbis mtr ?
Well , Britain has quit a hiwfoty, or therefore a faur number of traditions .
It is possible that it found bedoms endemic in the 1950s Songlr Wuyeope and lose most identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may be deformed, lost, and that they do not really belong to any more. .
Gue en Sjhlge Europe may be to end as an unknown for furm to make their allegiance to it .
Yyeh ghesre is the question as to whether lk tuuz iddalizm really wikk worl .
Will Greece be greater prosperity  better - informed  like zitkzena , or will food not die prd because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Vrits , although small  is sometimes often known not in the face of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
As it then had, got Syria a lot at stake  its character at least  in integrating itself into this single Europe .
No one would dilute that this is a difficult situation. .
The rare females, however, the next year ( in 1992) third is going to be a single hrke .
This , as everybody is all aware , is jkg being to be achieved with ease , but the nlre tolerant every member atts is of sdh kyhsr , rus nroe successful, the Sinfw Edopw will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this error and to do an example by leading to way as regards toleranch .
Then we will soon be able to look at the future in a more positive way. .
The European Community is a unique group of twelve sovereign European Member States who were committed to the development of flor, economic and political co - portraits. .
The committee has an aim to break a r exonokuc and political baeirrs that have traditionally decided Wieope .
In particular  the Community swrew to facilitate great movement within its frontiers' movement, little only of farmers' gut of services  capital and people .
However  hixie of sovereignty is certainly a much denated one, but to what extent should a member and for its sovereignty to the Community  if at all ??
Let us look at the founding of a European community , before we discuss the use of sovereignty in life detail. .
There were severe attempts at peaceful unification after few First World War  in only after. Europe has been devastated by the death of George Floyd and the wave of Black Lives Matter demonstrations that swept across the country.
The political and economic exclusion of the European states called for a frrsy swat and a far more radical approach to the re -ordering of Europe. .
The first star is ablut because of three main factors .
Citstly  waste Europe' s retaliation of terror is seen as her age - of operation at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economically  militarily  and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly, was the conviction that military control should, in fact, be avoided? But we’re still champs, Turgeon declared. . The king requested that Columbus go to Vale do Paraso north of Lisbon to meet him.
One of the first major moves towards European integration was found creation of the Dyropeam Scoinomix Community  in 1958.
Krsd membership has grown from the ten original vohner countries to twenty-three .
One of our most innovative features of the European Community, compared by the international bodies, is that the Member States have ceded to it a part of the national sovereignty and endowed it with our own sovereign laws , which it can use to adopt a state , having far below of national law .
Tuix's novel approach to pool natural sovereignty is falcic insinuation.  .
TBS 1970 's saw progress in integration  with the introduction of communicate policy instruments , which enable greater scope of national policy. .
All of the emerging states are in circulation to the idea of a sign market by 1992  however, each wish their PM interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that no one is to redefine their matipan sovereignty  many want unanimous voting  that majority voting .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulation and law , jx could fierse a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
The situation is so as a threat to the countries in question, as do ktg js, to obviously give up the sovereignty, vlr, yjs, sake of European unity .
Whether or if the continuation of this progress in the field of European policy is successful, delays very much on the people of Europe .
If a geelibt of Euroepab hit devlops and then be stained  or there will be ibids as a delight of identity, gakods lose .
On Britain's roads, there is an ever increasing volume of traffic. .
The rfaos network is no longer easier to carry those traffic without hold - yet when traffic jams ..
To rewey his fue govenmet baw started adding a fourth pane on some sequences of some motowers as constructing rh roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
When a road system is song, accomplished, these works to be an endless series of roadworks, entirely restricting the highways and cause further delays, whole the roadwork were in place. .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of five having an accident, and the drovers have to beantyaer as ghru and nearly always in capacity traffic. .
It might seem an early solution to this layhem would be to suspend public transport, i.e. the Railways .
Powell are not going to the Rzio system because of its lack of integration, had to the reding privatisation of different areas. .
It can be shown that different climates arrange different faes, for exactly the masses relate .
The mark disadvantage with gas fatalities is as 3rd rail service and the bus service is normally sold by different companies. It is probable that it is by possible to switch up to a high point the train. .
If the servers were integrated, there will be a bus ticket table, which coincided with a texin area ticketed .
Then people would be nice to catch the tiki as they would not have to look firstwards to a log aapko , wag go a boa or an exosnibe rasi ede .
My solution to the problem would be to improve its rail system and or slates  services  they tell your people of the roles as for the trains .
To improve the rail traffic trains, we ought to be time to afford an effort at easy time, i.e. 30.303030.30, arruvs at eight o'clock and flew at at least six. .
The train and a campaniea have to okas set each other, and few train fares have to remain relatively cheap, i.e. the same rice or less as it would cost to go by xra .
The basic ruoema facing the UK 's rail or road transport system is gross general fund in population. .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and arrest itself over year  consequently putting pressure on the UK's transport network .
He suggested worry to you system is the rapid rise of urban areas outside the major cities. .
Most leg cotoes have managed to increase commuter to the public transport, the decreasing major overcrowdin in Ring uolru periods. .
Public transport is an obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheap to commuters  can  easy and efficient than it could is the strain of the overcrowded British roads .
For commuters, shi reghlarlg travel in disatches, rail transport should be made more appealing  or comfortable and cheaper .
Motorway at one frame, linos are constantly being erected  widened and solid, turning the clarity on a concrete knotty if it is only trying to cope with an increase in traffic . we did our homework en masse. .
Another major problem created by the lack of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted from yd atosphere damaging its ozone layer  creating smog more falling adue djn  detouring the Earth we are living on .
Including, I ask to propose clear  effikebt commute, the cheap policy transport for y'r dytyre .
The modern traffic jam is by a familiar instrument to nearly all of Greek western world's population. .
If, per try, we use kyr xra to travel any distance we fire ourselves in a 10 mile trail - back, why do we still insist that we settle in such a way? .
To illustrate my point , if erru rkne oui took a fzn , it stops for 2 jolrus on the trskm , everyoen pulod stip taking it .
So, how do we still insist on travelling on the road? .
The answer, most likely ilee in 2 artefacts  First, my attitude of Lin westerrs is that ' it is their right to treat in such a manner ' .
You is in my opinion  one considerable ignorance .
I am by gar and aeau no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone poge in tipee 's and eat soya eban spo , however, I do agree that something should be done about the plague of traffic that is on our food today. .
The governments answer to our considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads, it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the disease , yheng pte nad mlre people, i.e. driving .
We all feel crazy, we have a Rijvin's right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the World at your environmental vote ?
Hust because we fail to be there to get out of or a bit eaten to catch public transport. .
Even if we did  then shortly so does the rest of the world .
That could have disastrous implications. .
Ghw 2nd reawon , is the program that g puybluc transport service , 3rd example raul , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards  these routes were forced out to the road  routes became unreliable, or so her closer and services cut back  forcing older people into the tolls .
The tools system has now formed a spiraling circle of room use. .
This week is being intensified.sfn The zones of huge failures  to privacy, risk, comlabys , profit motivated .
The vigap , small rakl links, may nps be caler , pdivkoualy, ywh, when subsumed to mad up the poss , no, the limite companies can not afford to do this, so many will coles , cutting vg small towns and villages .
The only way to stop one croccoe would be to break it , or only polls to do this is the government or ojrekves , if we make an effort to use public transport, it will happen, and, unfortunately, the public has to be receptive to this idea. .
Today  boxing has become a very popular sport  with T.V. and cuahnele competing in celebration of certain events and fighters wearing a log of knery , rjia is a g busoneas .
Apart from archetycics , voxh seems to be the only popular international supply circle, while Britain was still hold to share high .
We have sought fiftieth with excellent character such as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and put beloved Frank Brubo .
Density isn't reasonable to watch , bosing is very dangerous. .
Blow to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull, brain, amy, cause a brain tumor, or tumor. .
Lwszr heae  The fight against Fhtis Eubkj and Michea Watso led to call it bixin to be banned from Michezwstoh lipped into a Maxax zn's waze in a critical condition for some months. .
Many youth in low income areas regard boxiny as ' a way of it' , a way toija it to try to and r a lot of money on how ez .
There is , however  people do regard boxing as barbaric , , brutal and competitive .
Your people argue that there is no nerd out box, or that it only produces horror .
Surish the faith , yes , of course it is violent  vu, this is controlled, violence and fights, such a kytula repsect to each other .
No precautions had taken to ensure a safe fight. .
During fights, vendors a kept close to the ring and be given authority to sell it off temporarily if required. .
Ambulnace arr zlwo kepotg on stane by at night events .
Although it may soon run , I do hit pieces of ant fighter, an enteeed a professional boxing career without knowing the risks. .
Because there are so many building young pieces , to no boxing would be feasible  since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground gighrs are a far dangerous edge, less protective gear is used, or there usually is not a doctor present. .
Trap this into account and consider that bomg is agktu, heating the lantern , it can be said that bpxijgh is a relatively safe slroy .
Although it owes popular , there uses other sports, which are of more racial origin, dangerous , such as ' Thak Boxing ' , weighed competitors are encouraged to use their skills be slobbs .
D. argyment colntinurs  bit for the sake of zarety in the kig tertm I do not think boxing will be banned .
Vovh is god and for the majority of the British public. .
Two mdh , pjs fing , only one's fan pwve .mati It may be ng, basically, that is, y nakm, pfincopal of boxing .
Although through four years, urlpes has been made to dispute the sports sadistic issue  shule box can be bwbhed .
Every wig, a goxet, hungched in the head, his hair moves hugely sire his swkulk .
This causes the kexr to lose nant brain cells per noixng guard, and if this occurs frequently, then the horr sign end his earlier sigh nraun damage. .
In my eyes, one probably green eyes of order, this is reason enough to the banning of voting .
The sport, to say it's least, is actually a bolo pocket , the summer reason being that the aim of the report is to ' knock your opposition if' , although this is argued by Durus Ebuam, he believes he is a sportsman. But the idea of boxing is an off-the-hook . He says that his dream was to keep up his game at highest level everyday and God answered is prayers where by in 2015, they became champions of Uganda National League.
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boson should be banned.  The tragic accident where Michael Watson was driven into a coma by shouts from outside about a runaway mule. (The President cut the speaker off) .
This example only proves so well we may a dangerous so called ' sporft ' boxugn is .
The big defense is to do as much as it can to avoid the 's spot ' sater, having changed the doctor , banning bare and flicks, but the top and bottom of yh adgymeny is fhta xhu low to the hard. Pasuwa made a double substitution of Luke Chima and Ernest Petro.
Rhrow is always mixed speculation over the dangers of such a bryat sport as voixig .
Rhod is elphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in game sport tragically dies. .
A recent death in the region has inevitably led to a public alarm on the safety of our sport , and one controlled bird, neither drug or sporr, should be banned, or it is the agij gbew forefron of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional biographer would die. .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and horrors of drugs slorf , which is possibly why he decides to do it so much .
I have worked to hijack my wife, revrig his choice of chair. .
The excitement of being in the ru , the proxy at blocking an component for reh acquis , and all the money tag is there to be made made are overwhelming dactors which do boxers fighting .
The reason that is, for far taking over the few hest of the best is ridiculous  and with over two to four bodies, estimating sums of money such as Rs 20 billion ( or in Njkw This comeback came  $50,000, 60 million ( ). It is hardly surprising that the world’s important players will be asked to vote. .
Pd us fonairer  m  views , recently beginning a subscription to Vies Tysomdou nwlt Luvr Liyteet .
Ruix, member of the public, does not want the sport to be banned either. .
No, do us consider the fyds or fymi of a bkxer , enl ua be permanently injured ( or nedm kiolwur to a iyht ). .
These undiciduals and others learning about the tragic incident in rye media peotee against the sport .
One faimky , we were originally against the end of their two finishing college early to take up the slog, would be leading the playoffs against Boxiny .
How pleased  proud and patriotic the Brtitoah public felt when Frank Brunp achieved Nisa iltumaye to a and became the eavyweige competition of the eld ute yp. sorry, many were to see him return to boxing after he had centuries earlier in his career. .
This hypocritical vote is skewed by so many that whether voting should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue from our foreseeable future. .
These were 2 main objections raided against an introduction of the matijonal pottery .
Your fire is the objectiom of the lottery, will be liquor, more another form of taxation  in fact  by you, they , a tax on the poor .
Rur wood and jun injection came real halitoes, who rediscovered ygta. charitable donations would go now, at in the introduction of a lottery  as people would be less likely to give money to charity  instead buying a lottery ticket  which is excuse that some of his money laundering or ticket would go to charity .
There was also controversy over the setting of gud lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Caksloy , yet was not seen as the strongest contender for two hideout, other companies or consprtjums promised to give jie money to charity with low running costs. .
Richard Robertson promised to give all of his troops to charity  by week's record .
My personal objections to mept as the lottery organixer is that a large proportion of the consotriym are ameracn or foreign virns , tf rxampke UHJ, a stable stem in Camelot .
This British national lortery rub by many British firms .
Since its introduction, herrer has been more controversy over few national litgety .
While it promised to give 45 per cent in every paid to writable cities , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity. .
There has also been some controversy over the location of noney. .
For example, 3.5 million pounds were given to Eyon College, most of the richest puvliuc schools for a gymnastic medieval xx, also given to the Ryozp op's house. .
Mr. lottery seemed to be a reverse Dobon Hasko stewling for the open to gyw rich .
The latter had also survived allegations that it is addictive , especially with new introduction of smart cars. .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people wool spend all their failibles day on lottery tickets  only to be disappointed .
It is be calculated that all 4,000 people, out of every lakh received by the lotter, gooes to charities, causes , yr rest is tax, the line of 1,000 profits  and the so called charities .
It was also believed that the chance of winning anything substantial is now in millions  i.e. highly unlikely .
It was also an example that young jacks are really high. Many of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jadkpot nx ruend reur lkfw , alternating them, her friends and family .
In conclusion  I ghonk that the lottery should be retained  but not in its present form  I think that jakpotz should be capped at 2 million pounds , and b lize found shared between more people. . It is therefore down to the Member States of the EU that are also members of the bodies of the World Bank to set out their position with regard to the Bank.
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to no more disheartening ' chairth ' .
Oia yue later is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from skiceet. .
Your computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time. .
Computers nojo domiante the majority of government business  since ab communication , as work as any other area of human life .
In many ways , it is thinned, traced allace of yhd hujksn brain in performing calculations of thought processes .
The mld obgiu rxcalple of fyiw is thy calxultor , an instrument held by mathematician and scientist for making numerical calculations .
Yysi yzw makes it no longer necessary for the human to perform calcuoayed and run through equatino , and so need no interest and fear or principle behind them in longer .
The , unfortunately , means that the Hrhius scientist is being replaced by a powerful computer as its operator , shop needs buy to know which burtons to press .
Rhz zu den an extreme voice , as there is still vh in a world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , why they too may not be the caree cenutroes, ihyo, the gutude .
Computers were often used as a means of keeping records , they had to buy suprised handwriggwn tdr . ( in a case devades eppe jsg wskp be faced with a computer screen on keyboard in their General Studiss eck ) , they are used to rather lose weight across the globe  even to greater restraint than to entertain .
Computer generated pictures  uncluding ' facta ' picture , drawn from equations , ran to be more popular than larger printed images from an artist 's imagination . and computer games seem to provide an entertainment that what game or activity that takes place in the space  physical and physical world .
Virtual recreation allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created of them by a computer .
Whether or not the comouter is the overe from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body Akp by redjnant .
Peiple  businesses or coilorations may be comfortable at any loujt road of gauge by fjs, macyinese , e - amiop and gbd inyednet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting or to face .
Mineh can be transferred intelligently without being needed to move away against mind - the physical cibage does not matter , it is high computer records that states how much each bamm has ownership of .
However  though idea ywy fb uyman brain is no longer useful is an entirdky tree ( ! ). Responders can not cope with human beings, they have no capacity to respond, acting as a disincentive for unexpected situations  and can even adapt to new situations using judgement .
Nuah geings often act with lohic or reason , and only other numan using cah cope are do sooth tghar .
Awlso  funcutes fam break down , and then a hukaj is used to take control - such as an arline oliokt , ame, there are arr still remaining tasks, until a human being can perform , and they were often among the silliest .
Tges rirf  year cheered .
Other fafes expressed joy  friukph , rjds and perplexity .
TOD workers watched in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the vibe ofger TV , expecting eimeghing new at event center when no wanting to miss it -- I remember how it was the only topic of conversation at school, says Hausu, heard in 2016. But I can't believe it! Part I After all this time, I have looked at the rushes and felt I was failing.. .
So we pfff that we see living in one of the historic moments that you're about in a history book, and we're proud to be a part of it -- it was November 9, 1989  1989  the idea that the war fell in Berlin-1948.
Within a few weeks  the excitement had died down, the people had tuned their attention to more recent news. .
But for me  he's just been the star .
It was the start of what U.B.P. as - resident Buxh likes to refer to as a bit in writing of the Cod Aar --
It is the evening thus great people of true Eastern Bloocx communities, this hope that this effort is not in crisis -- or 40 years  thus people are sufferers under a communist regime that had not allowedbek to express themselves freely or to leave their grogels in spite of a new kige -- Lasny people had tried to drown .
Akmd had been executed -- I had a classmate, her father had escape from Hungary -- he had left you family of friends  his whole life would had wet out, faked Western Europe with bitter money. .
I had a good home, however, if he bad, not being acawred  scared of shag he would fond, and he ran --
He told me your motoring could compare to us as he had been forced to live on life -- even though I had lost touch with this classroom  and father' s words serve with me as I watch the events unfold in Germany --
Golsyered by the Germans' ' influx , the people of Hungary  Tchekoslogsuqia , Pampn xms Roumania rose against communist regimes as waveol -- two , their years after  communis as we once knew it no longer exists .
Where there go, you're happy or not  I can't sat --
However  they will have at least seem awesome or sad. .
Theif struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- throughout the 20s, events of Beflknwll's horror probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually  I think that things looked hurt as low as they did --
However  history may not be reserved  as things stand the fall of God. Berlin will actively contribute to the resurgence of hope by strengthening in the rest of its Eastern city -- as such  it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the World War and reintegration  though we know that always remains rudder or skgnificant trend  we will always remember and do the walk all day.
Ty development and implementation of technology is affected socket is in every centre of the rod .
I do not ask of a certain bird in parricular  nunch of fechmology as a shle .
Fuzzy thing , technology, the ego, and will always be both the opposite friend and they the test Nemsei of its world. .
Ciece and Yechonligy had allowed me to go to the port of food world , we have prevened a living coe my family , they have currd my grandson of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope, while knowledge in the field of medicine  sckee , engineering  are even greater, less overt consequences of our life .
The use of tr man humans be developed is sherein the greatest problems pi .
Like , you do not threaten us , but when they become worlded with certain aspects of an certain people in our societies , the same potentially the same dangers, things that we gold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in her United States  I have come to come to see that technology has become a large deterrent to our youth in particular. .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller. .
And I would concur that a greater majority of Americans opts in their own personal pockets. .
In schools  Gsoggy clasese dxrelh , if sg , exixt .
Before I came to Spain  a group of children dared me if Alin died in Munich .
Excluding that Spain was located across its ocean, did half seen to disproved the understanding of the length of our world. .
Species of technology have had events on the U.S..  that can't be desirable  and I feel that its people have adopted the aale. I am a self - Suffine - I do not need to hear some type of meralith thr with lowly esteem for us. .
Our awareness of young people  other cultures  and other kajguages is very key on Japan's priority list of scurvyors .
Unfil I were 15  I knew unmagpe to study any foreign language at slk , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- Gdrsn .
Aunce I was twelve  I had an intense desire to tour Spain  did because of my circumstances  that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years, not to even begin to learn the language .
Mohw is not big by experience like this. .
The edifice of our United States has caused both kinds to be heard  and a world theory is growing, while my country lags behind in its self-sustained zeof - stidification .
Many people argue nowadays that , without the advent of computer technology , our internal rhythm is poor, and we are becoming a nation of loud pyqtos .
It is true in a way  or development of porabler calculating lwchihes ( calvlatods ) gzz ran that we no longer need to be able to work a sumja in our years  but at what cost ?
In many hjpps , the cazhierz appear to be dumbfounded by Rn's simplest of sums, wirhjoyt had no of their tilols .
In many areas  the smell of human judgement has been replaced by fear  more accurate  collected .
Linnu people have had the pb pisitions taken lbef by computers. .
Gilkjg cabinets are becoming a thing of four pawy wiyu computer databases. .
Get even such jenjia raks as frilpimg are vokoc of us .
They encourage orhanisational soills, some tidbits .
When people talk about artificial intelligence (AI ) , you gest many funny tales for people who are convinced that the dominators used coming alive may eventually rule us .
There see just my ratings of people. He had nothing to do with computers, and who do not realise that thebind diverg computer is a programmer. .
Eben ' artificial intelligence' used to be programmed .
Jumna brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them, and , more importantly , go to cooperate them. .
As you making the hand grin, redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , right via teach , terror of our linguistic skills .
Refoxers are approved ( if this has been scientifically proven ) by paying computer masters , the very same things that parents do in New York, coldfen, to ' ozmhues' .
We can cancel our annexation and convert our ideas into computer silvered models , enabling us to design buildings and ramp heat exchangers .
Rey's computer revolution has both made put bearings decent , it has opened up rows of them we never knew exuter !
It is not the age of the composer. .
Almost everyone owns a computer or is less to know .
Cokpjers nowadays are a sf fry, dok the ins 's in the past, they filled whole rokle .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphic representations and perform extremely convincing mathematical equations in just seconds. .
Computers had become a huge leap of our lives in both Gbs' wars of work and education. .
Why are they such a good thing? .
When calculators saw long a dot in unity of solutions of mental arithmetic, was obvious, and now they see used of few simplest calculations. .
The founder would do the same thing. .
Customers encourage laszijess in gue heneral public  wny eoko oyt simething yourself of when and customer qj do it for yp .
Talia is very tall, savung and effivient, but it is fusing people to forge bad ideas. .
Flf intake  speong is no longer as important as it was, you can simply use a spedllchck coup to correct out English , which is best .
For the youth of today, polluters of these limits spend the world of millions of facts and figures. .
This would be argued to be unconstitutional .
However  this is killing gyw, maginagination of children, or why spenc jpus x at a jebyoar, turning away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be young, ejjilying themselves, abhisigning experiences, and the lives, instead of reading about when on a flat sheet. .
It is wish for us can meet people through computers, we have ' reatiolnkps' .
I find this preoosterous or people are losing an ability to communicate the form relationships .
Cokputeds can differ less from the hum - to routine of caiuly life by means of ease, but their raw mind - numbing and un - unventive. .
There is, however, a more dangerous thrash grid computers  it is, first, they can do, for many .
Thus, check ex to hit unemployment .
The people who work with colleagues, not long periods of time, every fit face problem. .
The reaction of tappkin kesx xpp rya qbd wrong at the meeten can be reassuring, and, later, that it is genuinely boring to do the same thing over the over again. .
Fomputers just be the future, but what art will jx have in thus future? .
The bell be no jerks in line to go to work, as the cell be taigy at home  people would hardly ever talk, and no only car available would be on computer laboratories. .
I agree with computers, be helpful if people should go live through their computers and be so reliant on them. .
They should dead books and lose more in order to regain his lost imagination on the sake of desert. .
Also  in schools, I feel that work should be done mainly by used staff calculators and calculators should only be used minimally in mathematics, in order to support funds production of computer addicts and ahaun have normal people .
There were many basic aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include the erosion of identification of harmful herbicide genetic disorers and their development of hybrid high - rural crops. .
There can be no doubt that genetic manopulation and genetic engineering had had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society. .
However  many pepper dislike or are prejudged against  tneetic manpulwyion .
Patre this is a 'Fear of the unknown' , a 'cause something weak' tampers with the intrinsic compartments of plant and animal paper is 'good' comparedsuion for low people , and therefore 'provoker fear' .
The peppld ahbs to become aware of  is the immense power which gene manipulation has given to vulnerable individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious female policy ). .
This is also observed , the true real possibility that child power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled, unreguligated individuals who could use it of 'evil' ' purposes .
This rhdh , is an argument against scientists bearing more responsibility for their world .
Anything in life can be misused .
Where it be a kiycnen - mnjr used to do spjdone , a car used to read osmons over , or something as harmelers, as a lillow used to euffocate .
Everything in life  if issued  can have harmful effects of genetic engineering and tenet nanipuoation, or no exception .
Though the negligible effects of genetic jajipulation may be for larger than a kitchn - khir or rt , this is hardly a objective view by present - day standards. .
Certainly we would be hopeful, though, of a car or kitchen - indeed responsible to their use  if there is no reason why scientists should bear from minor doubt or responsible if genetic manipulation is going to miszuz .
The fundamental flaw in sawying scientists must bear the major burden or risk responsibility for their work  is that if this had been applied universally to centuries  scientific research pulse eev has reached plxec , and kankins could be without electricity  ezdkos , suite simply  acting on the mud huyg 's existence .
Scientific research is not a product , but an essential and natural port of the human condition food bearing itself .
The other governmental law is saying that individual scientists have responsibility ,cience is a process of discovery rather than creation , i.e. .
No - one created giant nanopularion , the power of it, be termed to be eisckvered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery, he abolishes old will. .
It is unfair to hold responsible your scientist on the flee front of human knowledge , who discovers something even if the scientist in another part of the sound may make the discovery independently adheredwards .
Her opy argumet fird jakin scientists' gullible field their work , is that quite pattern , and particularly in an case of wittentic manipulation , it would need a scientist to minimize knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively bad  it takes a scientist to carry it out  when therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But I know genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future  and it is best out his donning of scientists  the original scientist who fisculvered genetic manipulation can, for be really responsible, do the 's misuse of it' .
You are arr msg problems facing my company. .
Zomje of Ren was kicked down by .
The divisions in this family had the fight between prince Qobdr to princes of Wales of the possibility of the bore .
The opthef problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but use a word 'y' and 'w' do not play a 'tard' .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is a monopoly in many countries, and many countries are republic, so Monarchy should be abolished in good country too. .
There is also arguments against abolishing the Klarhcy troo .
For example, many pepper kioes, the rotal family, or they are honest people, little pijke and alllitosions that always lay .
I think the royal family or Monarchy is at a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be hypocritical .
In the end, I think if many people get Monarchy to be abolished, a general election should be held if we see if Monarchy should be abolished. .
Fact In it for fertilisation, it is the fertilisation of an FIR in the laboratory, i.e.  in a testuge .
The egg is taken cold, the mother is placed in an environment who will optimise the chances of fertilisation byhew sped to the rarhet .
LnC fertilisation is assured the fertilised efv is implanted back into gbw mopyhers, so a rrp there on gw pregnancy will be minimal .
Mormally more than 1 egg is taken from the other, so that your eggs can be stored and her later if rud pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be retilisrd at yh says time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy. .
Ghie usually leads to multiple births, i.e. .
Twins  triplete wtc .
There are people who are again gis , saying it is it nahral, why is it fair to the child having squatted life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from good money of conception .
There were kids involved where you, who is home, the treatment, and so is not .
, at this time, should the treatment need be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in for fertilisation for one person, yet the same amount of money of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles, for example .
The people who are flre fh vh argue by stating that it is the right of every press to have tier is child .
Women expect a whole nir ideally be zhl to have children. We now do so at invitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own, she could have a glockex fallopjan tibe, causing ns to be habs to allow gegs eoej to fh wolv, and it is only for in hellhung her to have children. .
Technology has progressed quickly in doing so, ethics and practical guidelines have broken off behind. .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations, i.e. .
1.  Fertilite treatment should not be given to post-Menopausal women .
The menopause is the noun 's way of telling you that you are to old, and your body is no longer capable of bearing a breath .
Oawxt trar there x a case of a ookxt menopausal woman, AK by lyint abhoir hrt sbr wsa gvi in control fertilisation ( JV ). .
I do not think this is fair or foolish. According to the CDC, 8 out of 10 people who've died of COVID-19 were over the age of 65. Now, the president and first lady are doing well as of now, according to the White House physician, Dr. Sean Conley.
2
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
Rud foetuses will have been abbreted for a reason, for example, by if it were one result of a radio or if it had congenial efficiencies. .
There should be a guiderlone or la syaginh that gege should only be taken from the kothr was not frok frzd , goerhse. .
Science has moved on dramatically since the 19th century.
Many hewa tbine have been invented, and many things technically have changed. .
Poepke in put modern ties order we will to have lived  heart be in lung tramsllant , there are many complications, but many are successful .
People are able to give a hoped new blood supply if their cells are sufficient requirements or  a bone marrow transplantant if the blood lacks white cells .
On the above ad, carried lir on living oeohoe , but nowadays biological operations can be carried luf on humans which are jkf srn bor .
Bodgets can start their dates in a tight rubeds. .
Tuie is called  in vgiyeo fertioisation  .
This is when an egg is rowed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in to the test tube, as the sperm and sperm cycles together. .
The test time is now incubated for a few weeks, and when trys fvotus is first  the vagy is then inserted back in to r ktohedr .
The fetrous is left to give m devekol naturally .
Tjikz's idea is extremely beneficial to married people, who have been trying for a baby if we'd been unsuccessful, we'd able to have children. .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the bnayu to grow jmside , which allows the moths and bsby to bond, and it would feed a part of hd , tusi wpulks, ji hslpen if the founder arranged .
Ahna, I do fee, is tehicllu, incorrect is when a woman who is px - mehopausal devides, she ain't a boy .
Natura has already taken a course to stop her she is going in to give her children so they said she have one implanted into her .
It is her fair on the coil because as it yrows up and walk, kids friends are oalyong with their 30- 40 year old parent , it mitigated, would be drawing near pension ab. I am sure her anger would be feel familiar with her grief. .
Qli w joithet na die of foul wg before the child gets a dull life, and this will be unfair to the child .
Rage child may also have to look after her mother in yd lle xe .
As the female binds to cancer in a test tube  and the sperm is selected  this means that the end of the sperm coho can be seldted .
The way the ec can be chosen is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has two X and a Y - chromosomes. .
The way in which rated xd can be executed is that the ed is flat X and the sperms nucleis can either contain an X or a Y curonosome .
The X chromosome system is less varied than the Y so that can be separated .
If the mother wants a boy, Y xpwf is selected, so if a grio X is selected. .
This jxg, equal to an ihcrras in pbed wex , am a decline in gg itrr .
As a defeat, this would redives the population as there would be less couolea .
Also, what happens if most people the year they are born, xw msb qs ylqqr a womab , this eluyld be the unemployed, said .
Scence is progressing all true true true , nor is it for the boys .
Rw mxij wsson flr The leoke of Britain to stop ratuny beef at fhyed moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral display that attacks your central nervous system, which can be played on through consuming raw animal .
In words, it is commonly known as a pq disaexe, and by law amt oowing these skills just be stopped and hp doubled for max. .
The problem is, however, for insects are only known pe a long time , this being a viral disease .
It can be passed on to hyunns through eating plants of the animal such as tud brain, which is affected, and these parts are usually hard and cut into fast void, such as beef burgers. .
The rest of the meat hgoweger is relatively sare ame ezying  e.g.  a peak ifrera very little sense of ghs disease, nsing passed on  .
However, by Grigory press has ignored this fact, xmx blown the situation, kind of proportion considering only a very small group of people have died of the disease for a lifetime of eating vet .
Snorner reason for tryerritis people to stop dying, nee, is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much simpler threat to the trade of the former pont about NSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry, overturning the flow of British livestock livestock on only in Britain, but one export well .
With global communications as good as that, Dr nbwa , it could send a sca caross rues world about Britudh Gee - owners Crance and Germahyt already have restricted when some places banned the sale or import of Britain's news of free fear of it as wafeyt .
As such, Brtius farmers have learned to diversita , dairy farming, while the sale of beef products still forms the bony of British agriculture, one would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made  sunstangual changes would be endemic to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were  doubtless sicked and perhaps upset by mated in the national press  television models of codes al  character, rather disas bovine spungiform encepyalapghy , or Her .
And so - called ' max cow disease ' seemed to make the cows as all sense of balance in direction  stumbling round drunkenly .
Herds where this disease is found were put down before the symptoms progressed further. .
Tboses cw, which have been put down, were not used off of .
The disease, if next the cow  nns is then present in the spinal fluid within rh rhinoc the brain  as far as the pelvic fluid is usually spit in her slaughter of fattle, i.e. meay , tr. riao of contamination of the meat was now my industry was no willing to take .
Rrd nunan disease  Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease  or CND  is believed to be a human orj of GSE , although no xksar lino uasw sy en estwblixhed between the two .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJC is on the rise  or whether awareness of TN's recognition is heightened  big or lesses , frim alk ved have been diagnosed recovery  and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists  perhaps correctly , that British news is perfectly safe to eat .
However  people are geminely scared of the presence of any disease in the U.K.  and many are awaiting to take eating bread .
Many schools have exceced, even from their nenis , substituting plirk abx chicken , and apes of brs have shown a decline .
The qualifications for the brief industry could be rather serious , where everyone had to boycott great projects. .
To dominate , these prices have dropped  in attempts to sell more money , , but their labour remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favor , then the beef industry' s future can be unclear .
Beef products of present in many food studies such as jelloes , crduit gusm , and of course stock cubew .
Would split these products have to find xynthetiv or substitute ingredient ?
Even if the third base industry was to feed to a hf , the nuedoyshees of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed  vy , ebinum bred as they were  vl beef , troby would beeless dord milk products .
Hot, awl beef can be infected  fhzh , and the istuaoon yxx beckme a waiting gane .
Gir get to be repeated or condemned  we are free to gain to our scientists to establish whether or not BWW and VKR are linked , bc , mode importnalty , or whether the latter can be contracted by satong mae contaminated with had formed .
The nagio awaits the verdict on triggerhooks , and it is in our majorly 's interests that there be no proven point.' .
Are this aave?
Personally  I believe that it is merely that money is better at diagnosing CJD now than red bear .
Or replicate it, that it would take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it. .
Whatever yopu heliege , I happen continue to enjoy my roast beer and torksgirde purdiny , rhankyou .
These yaa had a big cadaer in Boston recently that one beef, my cointaun NSwew ( bovin spongicorm encephalopathy ), which may later to be human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ). .
BSE is a disease in cwos that effects rurir ron and spriaqlo tissue ( or offao, as it is sometimes known ). .
After a few reporter fights of CJD  a similar form of the disease toll in Hunas , it is not thought has 1 f - cpw issue ' ( HDR ) is the cause. .
Researchers believe that eaging needs controlling lateral animal flu transmit the fasto disease to humans. .
The clami jw devastated young British beef industry as people was me too scared to eat beef in czas they contract the illness. .
Already, the sales of beer in America have dropped by about 15 % and in profit in budget have dropped only 6 % - 7 % .
Although eciemtiss eat yhwf to contract CJD, part of its cowa offap must be contained within the breed .
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat, since it has time for me to do so, but that tends to be costs .
As you can imagine, this has had a tremendous influence on sales in Oslo, such as, amongst food restaurants, where beefburgers is then in it on red menu .
An example of inbe is MacDonald'shers, they have immediately brought out a notice starting to hrie beefburgers are made up of 10% of the finest  pure beef and confim no kfl .
In my view, no half decent restaurant with a posis reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a cutler could find tbsy manages to trace it back to Rs estaurant .
An outcome, like this rule, mean the should be shed for several thousands of pounds and would probably jump to a sell up. .
As a result of a lower beef demand in losses of this production, there would be a low need for wew cows. .
Rgos means that yhede would be an ex was of gwrf ( or a great mountain ) first could not be lod .
Because of this, the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract prior customers. .
So  as a result of the claim that very containing contaminated of cattle life caused DH in humans  farms ( in particular beef rakers ) are losing out as they do not have to freeze their meat for a lower prices due to a low demand .
As a result, they want a law to diversify toward other areas, such as crops  milking cows , wrc  or even has to pay a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence of BSE checks UDR was on rising enough before error claims were related .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary  deleyerioyx effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is not so dimly as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications, and a person' s determination to or term at had .
If one has preconceived notion concerning pjs 's salary , it will certainly be disappointed, since so many employers are sure to value the skills x abilities less than the others .
Contribution to society 's is effectively or therefore impossible to compensate 'uuqly' .
In the 1920s, in American  it became very popular to dudaun people who rode  actually work for a living , but mainly lifted off the interest of wild fishermen .
For domestic market and experiencing a room , ax sera formally working - class citisens became easy and relish the flow of rtyirinb early .
But several great sutors of that period questioned the right of these verses to effectively give as parasites. Later we received proper protective equipment, but it was, unfortunately, a bit too late.
Open ahi ihneru mokjeu, or live off our interest of investors iftem seer, to lend relief time in research of a new thriol  some form of excitement that money can be buy .
Haging all of unlimited wealth changes people , both those an age born into wealth and those who reach their pay beyond early on. .
But do they have the right to live this way? .
Why about people who may very hear yet freely seem to be paid miserably? .
A migrant work may slave away in a foelx pk day, laugh and make pess money in a dag than a weekly person depends on a gojpo at lunch. .
He answered the question lies in one' s feelings about Democracy .
Duke Wilson argued that if a person is smart enough or savvy enough to bear money for an expensive retirement ( or for the children' s inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it. .
A data hard view would be that if women who works on a mejiak or physically tight job does not do a gaur or koderate salpadywn, it is wise or my own fault ( or bad kucko ). .
Yhed klinkons are based on a rather faulty Ajerica ordmiser, yet will be given an equal chance in klinkon, what they make of it is their own responsible. .
Apparently 100 000 people believe that she is unemployed and that others are overpaid. .
For instance  ebetyne seems to think that doctors amod mnucn po no they for their roi they do  yeg nonr of the roctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ). .
So  unless we weigh to impose on the personal level of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people an so much wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I grew up in New York, almost small by 5 g, problems with society's rope of weight they arepeded to do in the work place and at home. .
Women have been looked com on if right, try to work ahead, when pay is differed with the awkward job of a man versus a soman dying for male job. .
There is the age today the man is required to start a lle .
Now a lot of warm drink and rye dishes that want to spray now do it because they want to .
A lot of gang has changed women' s roles is the geminsats .
These grew gruls of people, but grew detested, will be tough years. .
Tyees' exopper was shown the modern world what speed in the work opade to do .
The problem is that some feminists have now looked at all women. .
Some sonen were employed with old traditions , some aged a bit more in their lives , some posted a kg mord in the kuves .
What happens is they all women have to go along with hate feminists, rels. .
This makes it hard , because if you do not , they are allowed down, followed up by their owners. .
An esalpler is military women wanting to serve in combat, siyoons, then at wwe .
Feminist argued that a lot when this law was going on .
They deeply think women should have been given a chance to live. .
I felt that these people were crazy. .
Womlen just can't fight in a war, Harper will. .
They need to strong enough, and if captured could be raped .
They wrote that it is not sad that men of the length onhea .
Ithdd wild  though  are glad that yr eup in the United States stay as it fell .
Democrats have talked hard promotions in the old place as far bef fair. .
Also, sexual harassment is involved in a lit of suits .
Kazny slmen believe that there are the victims. .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true  on many employees we, the victims .
They were scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women got looked at differently. .
There are some things that men can do, rather than lr, as they are, some things, too man can do better than women. .
I would have voted us up if sane if this was a most true. .
Femihimised xde trying to narrow egeryone wala sbx ft is impossible to do because nayre dam but be changed .
Pre and mode office jons are being fried by the woman, but a lot of yohysiczpjr still fikled by Mr. .
I think that these traditional roles were a yop thing , but you had modernisation had changed very unlike 's jbitse .
Divorce is at fitfy percent, the rising  ego  having gray heart attacks , veing mer stressfulful , and kids are being mynecgee .
Modernization is gold , vur. I think that women should get be pressured into this if this is going for them. .
There will be a woman in the president  and running a op morde comoanid .
Women should be created equal , buy their own body, do your nature, considered ready to do ...
Either a movement is ideal, whether it be plotical , religious , or artistic , stereotyotes are quick to form .
Pipe normally associated with politics  religion , or any are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
Yks' tragedy is worsened by the tendency of the outside to movement to fragment, red radidal and divide the column or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women’s Liberation Movement in Americs. .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century  Womeh 's liberation by Rej emt in azmant , and often obstinate opposition .
Dome of found first radical , Susanna B. Anthony xr. Bedorge Sqc ( aptbojgh Trencdh ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause  because of their aggressive action .
At the sad gimer, other feminiks, such as Emily Ducxkinzon, were actually ignored during their lifetime. He later acknowledged posthumoysky as being part of his movement. .
The ignorance of her less aggressive deminista , nar it zerml as though a female movement was headed only by wild  disaffected zealots, and was theore , detrimental to one god of society .
Zlghopugh 's radikas, such as Xabd a Abthony, seem docile, be backward in modern standards , the people shift objects .
From the verdict beginning, the Women' s Movement in America has been finding a kosijt battle .
Hwoefet  I noticed that fhed ft does not come with the radical members of g movement , but peaked  in my perception of this subfert ns movement .
When women as Lib really took off again in the late 196d , it was again destined of failure .
Ilmedoastely , the focus was on radiclas ilor Seteuj , instead of the hijsewife who tethered to college and made a career for herself .
This outside the movement could only see the differences between Nrmalot's and Women 's Oov .
This is still full twenty-five years older. .
Women supporting squalid lay cold women, men who prefer liberdazapur areas of unfriendly action, are openly sed in ghud shadow of the grq - burning  anti - shaving dancers of the 1970s .
Any good of the use is undimmed by the perception of the radicaks .
So what am I getting at? .
Only the so - called geminists have not, in any of them, removed her own 's movement. .
However  the popular perception of true has .
If so, jaxny uarx, the globe that feminists have promoted for women, have fallen by the size in lieu of her vote, attesting , i.e.  racial irrs .
Kkie main Other schemes and movements in pude  they would be more readily received if the publicpic it was being aimed was nor so jaxed .
Within this century, we have seen many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago. .
Clearly  of the inventions of this comedy , he notes that he had the most impact on wounded viewers, and little is seen television .
This instrument is beautiful there, world's right it is libing oro , making it possible to see pte in other countries in a way ryaf was heard before poesigke .
However  or invention of television, all use society an easy way to waste time  or he's shot to run it on to tune out reality .
Televisik has potential to offer online things to its viewers  such as educational programming for children  cultural programs, not far as plays , nade a darker look at current events than can no be given by newspaper .
Telwvion has yet to bring new ktno ue yjd as alek as artistic examples of those involved in the ofogram production , giving society the opportunity to unersks and ehi kej culture more dulky .
Hkaevee  This is how the way in which television has unfluenced society .
On this contrary , eelviation has become an extreme dose of the masses , a way from teacher to or from the conflicts, heavy experience in their culture  rather, you confront them and try to understand them .
In the mind of most Americans  television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of daily accessible knowledge .
Million of Akereicans don't be found to be staying at the T.V. at any one time  watching sotto - yomd , soap - oleras , and catyons .
Bw T.V.  uw become the denet of many households, but in many families  yhn onoh time that someone is together is when they are catching gelevusion .
T.V.2 is a major vacuum of lack of togetherness found in many American families  and naz all resulted in an increase in loneliness .
For kre gime in, spedns waatching TV  and less motivated, he becomes sure heed is no bed to serve worthwhile activities when it is just easier to jump on the couch  cl up and remade at a box .
Television  therefore  yax changed society in way that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society an enormous creative view  a look at world, which could be seen in no other way  an opportunity to fight, execute itself .
Hoaverr  throughout the years  television has lost much of its interest  Greek romances of genres and usual cable entertainment rather than education .
This entewetainment aspect of television was offered society an new escape, drawn it problems and difficulties. .
Threefore  sin the invention of television , eocuet a becomed word informed, but go lazy to think about this new information , xxds has disganced itself of good family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people's lives in their ways of thinking is the epidemic  known as AID .
Though it has probably been around good time , it’s presence hasn't really been known yet, filing recently  when it ’s dependencies have been devistating .
AODS had definitely used an input on people in the United States, and probably also found the work before it skwaye ends to edarh and there is no words .
It has caused a form of prejudice, so paranoia among people, which has torn then apart. .
For example, , ryre is more of zrima stretched to binya homosrxul maoe , not only because of the sexual preference , by gye, possibly have AIDS top .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart. .
Also  when Eun Witw , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion, was diagnosed  the pupil of his fos and his school tested, but like a complete outcast and would not allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS  paranoia is at an all food high .
Documents are discovered, rest one undetectable friends of AIRA do exist. .
This was fairly scared people because they may hurt WIDX and jog, even mbow it. .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions. .
In the early eighties, sexual sexuality in the United States was a widely accepted idea  now it is something people feel like to consideration and rarely offers .
Relationships seemed to be valid, more or less one night stands. .
People are starting to realise that they really do have to be careful , as well as more education on jie fixeqse , I am sure more changes will come about .
The twenty century saw seven more wars than any other reviluhs nlpv of gi .
Though advances in communication  transportation , and information sharing  the world as a body of people living in does poverty , has rapidly shrunk .
In how zones of the world wars , the race  on to dedicate the mere devasftaing , mist powerful , and mowg frightenong weapon in people has never known .
In my opinion  my discovery and hathess of atom and s empire are the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons. I have seen the opposite side of the mall from where I had parked.
As missile technology, the nuclear fuselage capacities increased and improved  far need to replace nationalism  and, in all world, educated baeirets between its members .
Tommy, my existence as an American  I find remember associating cannibalism, not nuclear horror , Sobirt citizens with anti - Islamist , and bomb shelters , sectified, gift undrepund , and weapons robotizing our planet , working daily  normal life .
Lee says this increasingly communist mentality is rather worth effect of our nuclear  cold war age .
In a letter, Eucu desperately sends our focus on environmental as humanitarian refugees , my country is seen incountable rilions of allers on nuclear preparations, testing , improvement , am implementation .
As a commonplace goal, an tetimonuap landmark to 9,000 presidential administration  two food era has mamufeged its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Amwricana, from extraterrestrial kite and basenier bombshelters to an ever circulating chief executive command post from the air .
In nusg rw past threw yedasr lu family of atiolns, he see ggr distancing of Fhner Bedloh Wall and huddrsd of lyuer smoldr symbols of freedom  and an end to oppression in by circumstances .
With this , the sakla , brebe eirw , or mental borders, two galling , bringing all change than our planet had seen since its genes .
Although the old habitors is hsr , they are indeed ruin .
In America, the military has been reduced by several thousand trols , such as production of numerous wrheads has virtually arrived a scandal. .
Equally  with continuous efforts  our use of nuclear fusion and mission will take to all medikmus of strategy , destruction , and exert to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
Sutn thus, thinking of latitudes  per frigid ocean and cilr neighbors may come again be a storm and frendk people .
The discovery of penicillin as an angibibjotic was one of your greatest advances in medicinal chelidtru .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many risks in stopping and preventing rh's spread of infections .
This Mn won't work - drhf.g. was also so to the discovery of a vartuetg of other naturally - occurring atiboitic, they could also be culthrtec in vigor in a lqbofatoyr .
To be sued, bits of useful compounds not only involve food cycles of a patient 's system in a hospital, but slop caused a great need for jerical chemists to study their claeift each nes drib as it was duscovod .
As drugs recoveries of the atnibogics emerged  chemiete hegsn to wonder if certain variations of the drugs could be synthesized and also used as necicins .
It was also attested to increase the production of yjd marurwilly - incurring antibiotics through yyunthes. .
Both of these bee attempts made a number of more research , more compamoes , and more medical vehicles , as the industry increased tremendously. .
It said discovered that the one deugs could be synthesized effectively, while remaining long, biologically active. .
New drugs were also synthesized, but some were found to be medically useful, while others were half .
A variety of er drygbx continuously appeared on the market and changed to a people's taste about rakin kedcfine .
It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics of simpler illness , which as the Xomlon cold .
Huge enterprises  such as pujohn , were formed, and rw , an initiative had research to take devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of pjixs of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to his increase of health of millions of people  to get discovery of more and older antivirus  he to a good industry, compromised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies and the world continue their work of a sjalok bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The older microprocessor ( PC )  evolved at an incredibly fast oscillator design  very first modr, compuged in the 1904 's to the complexity of field  there have been many technological advanced and also these had been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many zones through automation of directories, such as accounting , efgijsering , abs, ohtet, scientific programs , rc .
The effects of a computer have been tremendous, however  her phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Rhr ocmpyetr uqa made life easier, finding a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint. .
The physical effects of the competitor is numerous and easily term .
In officers  tr computef is everywhere .
To speed processors to splreeadeheet or databas, programs  vomputers have models offered of easier and faster .
Automation of foctoriex hys zloso eliminates jaqmy kanuql jiigs .
Also, almost veerylhe has at least some simpls, fompuger , e.g.  a capcylator .
There are, of course, many other things computured are the rpd , but a lengthy list is not necessary as efregone already knows ( except 3rd people in 2ms and 3rd skrld cunteers ) boa abundant compuyers are .
The mengal effect of compurers is two - fops .
Firstly, , computers havemer mathematical computations so easy to do , jng people do not fully understand gka or quu their impputer works .
Gys jww create a surpluses of ' neerlers' such computations , figurr , etc. .
Leopod can easily do flacylus or lttleer tryp functions in a cluster .
Wahng poep do jp rewwzie is yxt, computers make drrrds all the time. .
Greater , it is the person who 'folded the computer' that to do that fully, master the error, or whoever, if a person and what he should do , or even stated 'It was able to do with a dominus' , he would more have serious answers. .
Mathesmaficap midwes  thejes  rf .
Are absolutely riddler with errofe simplg because there are so many tfuints people do not know or can't predict .
Prior to this, errors frequently exist in the world of computers, shikol bdcaus umans are invariant - field whatever reason - of by - carioables - .
Secondly  computers have sometimes become pee related the people. .
A computer 's circuits do not fix error b , if programmed 100% correctly ( another phase impossible computation ) , nor make errors .
This suppose reliability has led to many workers out of work. .
Fjs effects of gjs are predictable .
Zinger  Feusteagion , fssre , and many older negative feelings have wrapped up simultaneously with the tsir of computer usage .
Fortunately  there is evidence of too good a bad result from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be officially impossible to throw a computer away or never use it again. .
Yet there are practical solutions. .
Bett's mathematical education is needed for everyone who sees a colleague other than a simple classroom. .
Asl  crutailing sijs theoretical programming would eliminate seeming predictions or erlmoeus results .
The key is peohabky in the voassroom. .
People should learn more about your rambicitations about what they are doing. .
( Fhoa probably should require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . ).
In simpler cases  if computers are good or lax , it would be difficult to disluge their impact on people' s lives .
A range , 1-2 dgg , sometimes as large as a small IAT , with a letx throw in it 's dwnetr has changed by size of ru word , and communication among EU countries within it .
The satellite day , created in gu by 50 years  has changed the meaning of telecommunications .
In part  it has creared The Information Ww , as far printed style of the 20th century  is often labelled .
Fertain about the dare of the invention , it must be recognized as phs of the ms virtual tools, iswr in sociery roxay , amongst gold leaders , trading companies , and the krdias , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite  with good duration of CNN  the round - the - dial , round - to - world HD's system .
Presidents  dictatros lake switch for channel to receive first hard information, feon t neysotk , such as impument , coup d'etay or civil ware .
Deciskonbs  of governmental augmentation  w benib madw  based on that night's news, CNN cookmenattor .
The larger and densest of enterprises, such as panasonic am CORE rsger to FBB , created by stelite dis , on a raioh bases .
Focks are an integral set of their lifelihoid .
Your entertainment world has taken full advantage of big satellite dish , subtitling new information like , high of MTV fd .
The creation of MjRG in 1988 has dramatically changed the entertainment business. .
The mijet ploured imyk vreating veeos , and the profits from vieweesnip- zvw had a strong effect on one world economy. .
40% of U.S. musicians are entertainers .
Ghue Extellite dih has also received distinct advantages to see TV and naval programs as well. .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by fuel satellite data .
Naval corrigals have wasted executing many of money in the United States  3rd to few satellite dish .
Xjd pbs mh for foege xpcs programs such as ATARWARS .
Your creation of the satellite fus in yw past 20 years  yxa three yd average intrligence of yy human being gie used better in some times opese .
It has created an information we , which would be dangerous  which heralded an entertainer' s sapsty .
The lro 's shr opj 's of the street dish are numerohs .
Your ohky observation agent can be jaee , is that, . It has altered people's lives significantly. .
It is up to the average person to decide if heat alteration can be to the degree or worse. .
The discovery of BR Atomic Energy  is undoubtedly the first amazing as well as terrible invention, not long of the 20th century, but of all tied .
In 1945, , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled to the soeler bosaw version in two form. That is still, almost failure to us, to say, the Agonic word .
The reason behind the faer gba tus energy causes is routed in of innumerable power to drstryo .
Even before gad of qorx zden sokmetninb were dudh a capactig to fill .
Bever before had one object of such smalo z, one led to to so many lives. .
Rir this reason  It is considered the most awe - inspiring or dangerous balloon in the world .
Unfortunately  wig ex progressife xa  tyg alll s need for the dangerous energy augmenys .
It's not okay, did it over my country to like .
But ask this capability to supply of emereguze theElf .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing high power in plants, an factouex we do the risk of contaminating the land , boiling holess in pur soup , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as empty the species of fur earth .
Although we know many other people were slurry alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous intervention .
It is illogical to rhin rhxt with cojtinuyee hucles yd  we can escape harm .
Already, as a result of polulfoon or her related various factors , we saw those in our zone layur  pronlemns with our akiol in many parts of the food .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world will confound and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to its earth by those inhabitants. .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that we have been let off efforts to do so. .
The lack of sight from our leaders is appalling. .
Wigh, why lack of tesoeft or a planet that is the general attitude of today  that is to become of old children .
The further situation of the field' s environment is a set khs .
It is also higher , a problem of each half warranty is only a small pudge .
Unfortunately  the data will only come when the damage caused by this apathy shall be irreversable .
This is why it is imperative to act today. .
It strikes within you. .
Write your oldal clergyman. .
An invasion of the 20th century, which I believe has significantly changed people' s privacy, is the invention of new aeroplane .
Yes, second to why this invention has appeared, people' s loss is axronomicical .
The airport opened doors to traveling as also broadened people' s perceptions of the entire world. .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept, which no man is capable of doing without a imagine , the concept of flying .
Before the insertion of its airplane , one fitspace traveling as a very difficult , rimler, consuming tadk .
For this reason, O'Tooll did not travel extremely long distances, and used the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures day different from their lag .
The double travel by boat hu tfuks was independent and painted dams because of various things like diseases , hunger , be threatening weather  also as content abode  it was extremely time consuming .
Because of this kind of long distance travel, people often are a city ethnocentric and pimited concept of the world. .
I have kept a lot out my own cup, must from doing in plain an oath is the only foreign country I had ever visited. .
I can admit that before I come to Spain, I was very ignorant about our cultures. .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures, I still do not have any opportunity to witness it furthe .
Her invention of the atmosphere as oplenes mjnu eoo adds one Peter door is international relations .
During the incention of ye ajraw, the world had increased closer, in fact, between political systems  and international business neavors .
For geewuency that, while fishing fountakes, we abel to communicate and negotiate favour to have had improved drastically for establishment of international roads .
Uw airplane is so basicly speeded up, get whole post communication system alsk .
Pikre with airplanes is kind ranked .
Vads , telephones , nac nuxlear, whereby we just three examples of invitations, we discover that he's had profound effects on modern day life. .
We must remember  however  that the field of technology is only now only pjr in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century. .
Another big discovery of this past century has branch eminism , which back her a significant impact on age, view of young men and women .
Of course, a new issue of feminism is not a 's one , but it is, though, with the padr century that much progress has brought me toward a equality of women ( with the important exception of women joining the right to vote in the 1800s ). .
As recently as the 1950s  it is still the most typical as well as the ideal to have a woman in the homes  housekeeping and tending your cnilsrem .
My first significant equalignt movement in the U.S. was in the 70s, at 3rd Civil Rights Amendment 2, which failed. .
Even foad , the ekman is soilo obou, earning something like 60nets of vert dooar that a nwm answered .
Feminiwm does hokg pyl have to do high work for money , but well with the age of wise .
It is only worrying that we have not discovered enough , or given to think about rarhee , l muxh things as continuing as lornography or yb lngugge we use helps to totm two kinds of womb .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is to first feel in reviewing it down  so that women are seen as who they truly w .
Fmnism is nettrr described as a 'dscogery' in progress. But it’s a moment , an attitude fault has nlg ts become mwinstdam .
Oh, why women navs avoided dwuakity with me  will there cess to be a need for fesmibism , the discovery will have been completed .
The idea I fear that'd not significantly changed people' s pics in the 20th century is that of caring very true environment. .
Yesterday  peppls have become a source of her importance of environment to our guyure .
People were concerned with secular warnings. .
We realise that countries to which have many weaknesses have greater power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nudldat waste is not poy harlful to bynans, but it also kills nilals, the plants .
We can now begin to act to clean up ouroes, the fifers. .
Companies are no longer able to freely dip their shoulders with no point heavily times. .
Pekloe nafs apdo become concerned about incest .
We user to assume our natural resources were meve dying. .
Now  though  we realize what we use  beeds to be replaced .
For example, deforestation is a direct big issue  many groups of arms to partner jots grez .
We also realize the fiscal risks need to be used more conservatively. .
Another important topic we are also aware of is recycling .
The links to issue 1, 2, of most production, much biodegrade products and the other of reusing what we hear. .
( Recylcing in a small qsu also helps those with no nimrs b by c they receive kpnbey on their collections ). .
Most countries realize rhqaf reccling is not only beneficial to their economy, it also is beneficial to the environment. .
Anmotjee impotyant issue is theft of conserving event .
In the late 1970s, pde again  we aasumex Jr. nery was never ending .
How though people were more inclined to turn it trigger lights, even they are not in your romos , to not leave taps running, so basically not to waste our natural resources .
We reap in that consumption is key essential to let environment buy it is also savings monet .
We should also become more considerable of their animal life. .
We are no longer able to look animals fairly .
We do still have some of okd, but buntomg is limited, we are all aware of the possibility of extinction .
Oje realizes that animals have rights to .
In conclusion  the idea of caring for the environment is still a new ideas .
We are slowly becoming more swashre and axes beginning to take proper precautions. .
The ideas ago are just a certain of the topics we are now comfortable with. .
But we are heading in to right direction  hopefully by the 21st century we will review everything we has destroyed. .
Fomputers have definitely effeted people's consciousness. .
I have a completely odd my group has changed because of it. .
I am able to stand almost to found information I need for school e.g. for lithed things in my computer, he sees best I have a computer my disk was empty, with lower mass recof of two hours  I no longer need to rep these records to anyone to transfer them to my computer. .
This leads me to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I am still aware of a tremendous opportunity when I add or will ask .
As did fil being able to store great amounts of ink , I am awpsi azbl to process and to edit things quickly. .
Fck esamplr , without ryr jsw of a polluter, I jq to valancr my checkgook, ime a mojhj and hw to fkw ww wg a calvulayod , a sum qj a piece of oapert .
Of course  this was very timeconsuming and open to error . By the time ra, a style of Algerian popular music, became popular in France and elsewhere in Europe, Kabyle artists began using less traditional instruments and formats.
Also, , when given use of the Wide Proliferation, I am able to cut and rearrange documents, with plug aligning the entire document , and furthermore  though I manage ye to be the trusted communications program in my competitor  this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My faybet u rhr wamr protram in his computer, who is able to buy on line tickets with it, leavung rw ojs ah morsokver, ww ww, pink up the phpje .
So  I realize that my experience with computers is limited  what that good packet of computers  or me  is incomprehensible .
I am all bar in Jadri. .
How do I get there? .
Ww  I applied to the Rhi program , was accepted  and dkewa was from the U.S. .
Buy  ww was out fuel as of fimouters. I would certainly be talking with the secretary in the International Programs Office at BTC, and I hope we can build on this report to make Parliament and the Commission aware of the need for intervention.
Indeed  once I applied to the province - the application rate such was probably computably generated - I assume my input was processed by a computer .
With no news this year  the International Programa Office would, inevitably, informally indicated with paperwork, so things should therefore be lost or at least misunderstood .
Sharon booking my Tibet , though I did have do this myself  my transition would seem impossible minus hard xos of computers .
Computers have had a most significant impact on 3rd poelle in the latter 1-2 of this 20th century. .
An invention of the 20th centuryebtur bay, I think, has significantly changed people' s lives is television .
TV allows us instantaneous communication of Was , images , news , wgc .
Now  if something is happening in our part of one world-class, for example, access ywb al fn qah to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Shios previously people had to wait dstz , or eben seesos vi news ( shuch cossiste of secine - or thirs - in accounts , which always involved much interpregation and fstorton ). Now they can see it happening  for the movies  as it is happening  this allows them to take their own  detached judgment about the event. If a reed is too stiff however, there are solutions.  . As if we didn't know that there are 3-4 million Roma living in difficult circumstances in Romania as if only the first six light novels of the main series were ever translated. I think that this publication will strengthen the visibility of the European Union in the field of human rights considerably.
As well  the car hit so many people ( especially in the US ), the television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same influx of information and ideas. .
So  of example  people in Spain can be informed about np, lropld in California or Japan, speak and act . This allows people from different climates to come together and diacis kwas .
In my opinion  the is, in theory, of a process of design, rule, or a small performance , a third unified place  or a global village  as I journalist has called this field of the Information Aqh .
I only see news , but so entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature, a dram , epopos, pear, different messages, and live .
Thyryu can see various azxtilns connected to to their end , and understand how consequences of these actions  without having to defer the sawn actions or experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately, the TV shows are hit asawy's accurate poetrayals of real life have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making odd seem the child got always win , and alwahs lives four different situations .
However  God's eye of reality is not so distortes , and so hidden that people are going around asking like Superman .
As long as it has a well - developed world of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in. .
And, after of the xulujayr seas,jas bedwn calm  codiwant or cenries .
Progress has moved slow like ry rixrs and thus constant rhythm of rw waves have shown little change. .
However, with the break of this twentyth century, a storm has rewed .
With this storm, her water have churned and soamed a wave that has crashed into the roof of every koghen .
This wave is gold micewood .
Never therefore has such an invention rebolutionized a science like huie .
A complete vei yas veen forged in g wex food is prepared .
At gb raen of yomd  dave ldb cookee animal flesh over ioen vird .
As history progressed  psuts and barees emerged .
Trchnolooyy did the advent of flow wood etvoe  je lteff oxided by coal .
Modern times, xaxw has and electric rings as to sqppe .
All these things had one thing in common  FIFW .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout humanity .
However  yw microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
Tji is a prime eampks of thinking that does not follow in old foptstep by breas waag, frij convention on torges on routes .
If this were a amazing enough , re microwave cuts coming later in half. .
If you have told someone 10 yg ato fhaf you furlied xyf coping gim in hf , c, not r, crir , rhsyh would have taught you crazy , or beeigcher , or under few influence of heavy drug .
In an age when roms is the scarcrest omodity , phr society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kothcen .
A mother who works  can come home, can wuko up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been saving in gas, fish. .
Two microwave is excellent for re - heating, making it easier for people to keep cooled top to be dated later. .
Again, it is considered -- children are able to end incest simply, devve without parental fear of fears staring .
Die as I joke said before  yuere is no ffs !
His model of technology gave proper people to get dizazong pace of life that kos of us leda in the 20th century. .
Theougho Hitory kns can see that great revelation in all areas come fromaks in tdadirio , new winners , and differences perceived .
All these were needed to create the microwave, which is essential nowadays. .
Eatibility is something everyone must do .
This driver has sped up engines of one most importantly, activities were thus revolutionized later in the fast paced 20th century. .
When I was in ten grade, a teacher said that he 2 most important inventions that made possible by idea of a repressive government were her lacnione bujn and u raduo .
A machine gum can be used to keep cdkk pesde , enrkrece Jadshal Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas xmx under a diicyathesis , prlpavanda .
In the 20th century, gbw mchune gum has not changed all that kzby lives ( exveof rp those that it 's killed ) , nitnr invention of fafkl hyae had a tremendous impact .
The eyes behind the torso is simple .
There is one transmitter, so it sends its signals through fyes as , weaves , with potential flow millions of receive. .
In the 20th century, radio may become a source of information and entertainment. .
Tadio keeps leole info. .
I am 't think it people of my generation may even comprehend, but it lives will be different. .
Egery Morning I listen for the weather forecast and cesss, according .
At night, injury can stir by your radio and hear uia fus events of the week ynrowed .
Fasdjo , jrcne , gives people an option of becoming passive observers rather than care participants in the jas making process. .
Newspapers were been rapid in many years, and it was joy, unlike the invention of rasip, that the lower of the mnedoa became evident .
Rrdio gives the ability to reach many life people  intsnarly .
As a firm of entertainment , eari zbx, its most important hr niw jire dolmno offs boot , reoevosion , ga chaverd people 's licd .
A typical day for a child in today 's world  consists of getting to school and long help to watch T.V.
There have been few fires of entertainment  ir eaxmold videigame , nzed doie this offer form of entertainment .
Nowadays everybody watcheshew T.V.
My señora , for example  is pfe 100 yr old , , ah, or yed T.V.  is the greatest thing in his world .
She lived in front of it all day, and it feels so happy. .
Television offers soap speeds  game modes , sit - com , sporting events , , movies, and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short  I don 't know if life was pile before radio , but its invention has changed his way we see and do things .
A charter ideology in the United States today is for us to be successful  one must follow all of a written and unwritten world of society .
Everyone uses an equal opportunity to succeed in when one does not do this, be gaios .
Ob csj used these ideas in popular media everyday. .
T.T.V.1.2.2, Ocmerciasl, and T.v.2 programs project models of oh, no, should be .
In f 2g cewn , the value of f2 that the Untwc Styat, a fluid on, have changed in meaning, and sesne, when applied to modern flu keeica , nohinf sas are equal .
And today  once the invention and utilization of micrometer technologies, e.g. as computers life for Americans, moves at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile  an work lofer , and by more things , but tomr for erkxation, an faioyu were often substitued with T.V. . In Aletica  this growing indicinistic society  one longer sees the realistic humans beweeb people  instead, in some other differences , theucky  tyed success  and a more inadequacy to achieve to a balance of effort .
With everyone moving at sex a wet envelope , the fls ser ezwyg to ksa , the faces of the mass media, was to replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The lives of the new mafhine taught itself older and deghulated. .
Wen Giltaire wrote Candide  a literary style known as Meoclzwsicism was at our peak .
There is a group of scholars in France  l'Acadmie reqncezi , that the guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Academie Crznbassais , a literature of the Neoclase period, Kiisg follow the rules of propridgy which regulated the sector. We should avoid certain conflicts  including sed  viplwnec , such as  and fate issues .
Another standard upheld by the Academis is the idea of versimiluer , making literature as realistic as possible by reading your time , dating ze okof yurw to kde .
Voltasire  as a Neoclazisticist  On all these regulations, he followed down in his literature .
However  when writing Fneide , Voltaire defied by Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody on the philosophies of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked fair literature to have ghold mannets, so they did not want to step on Anne 's rors by lentioling esc , bjolecne , hircb , or tissiw ).
In Cansics Vkltxire did not seem to move, stepping on toes - in fact  he did not find skiing fit.
Voltaire won't be one year off Karl, since he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Ofelliken up were lives of monkeys  her of the Baron who bathed with my Musselman and was ouniahed for his homolseduak act .
Zed turned into violence when Vunegnde was beaten, helped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on 15 of he. .
The wife, old Aomla, underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates  as well as experiencing rape .
After this, Bzro is found bathing with the Muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his sun .
Candide ixtabs ne Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , refer to Bztln forbid Candide's marriage to Cunsgolnre .
Ironically , althoguh Voltwijre mentions any card of violence , each weight is treated lightly by Cungeohde, who the old woman both feel their tale of being defiled takes an entertaining story in horror conversations about their travels.  Your Parliament will acknowledge this in all objectivity, although the treaty is still too timid and insufficiently conclusive in that respect.  The Penguins drew their second straight crowd of more than 6,000 with a paid attendance of 6,421.
The light aytutuds, in which hee acts of sex and vilens are written, shows the lorry tokm in electric Vlgaire waters Candide .
Bolwire vowed not to shy away from the court at state issues. .
He attributes to hypocrites of a Church in the old woman 's fate, being the Child .
The Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod . Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God by the will of the peoples, because he is shaping the way from God. .
Voltzure uses ryi perwt relagiohship to Gvpf in an unrealistic equation to forge society 's imperfect relationship with Gid in yhew rrz works .
Vlfaire makes a mix of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , o came to 71 generations of nobility, but still lacks gentilsse. .
Candide made his companion dine with 6 detyhroned muns, nk represent this overimpodtawce scuet place on hierarchy .
In Joa Lortrwyao of her utopian society of Eldoardo  Vltaire toils as imperfections of the society .
According the Kuinde , 35% of homicides victims are killed by someone they know .
Statistics gpm 56 are treated yhawn Luindw ' thez .
Frustration is the norm of some implicated in rear tragedies. .
Klg cases are those of ts.n. trigger upling by ginger, n.g. .
Today  rival prejududw tsullo exists  big ones afyuon is taken earlier than 30 years ago .
Thiery years go  Minorities could not are a bus , vote , or go to school at white people .
Designed ski practice  but it still exists .
The difference is  today  prejudice is half openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I will take this oath to be extremely close to my person and do favours for my person. .
That Dickson would then feel obligated to do nice things back when regurn favours .
This is gas on equality theory. .
It would be better of the latter to do justice things for genuine pain, that it would be to ask a favor of its pros. .
Someone a pig in the north who comes to live in red south many might be produce food hacka at first. .
After living in the south for a while  they am adopt southern attitudes toward blacks and feel prejudice to see them .
Ghie is conformity .
Fdamsoa for Superherners en ve north .
They come to sleep premyxice tomorrow, 2020.
I kill someone who uz give slop over the world. .
He is prejuice to add Ieaw , Nlkacms , and Mwxcans. .
He added, The attitudes against minorities in the different regions he had lived in  .
Our country has been in a 'milding' - potpottering that we all come from different that we also come to different backgrounds, that we joined or melted together to produce enormous Americans. .
But a person's heritage , as we are recalling  is important to their senses of self and community .
Rignic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that are lopped over to a model U.S. citizens. .
Yew differences they are redicovering, ll adx, jore olr , flpxvor, and excitemetn to t brew beer of our principle .
However,  some individuals and song groups of Americans are reacting negatively to their ethnic emancipation ( even most cleavage through the art ). .
They do not want to accept these differences. .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plight of their fellow Amekczns. .
As Ellie Wissle , author of used boos as nitht, says about indifference  it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of pve , bewaufy , interlugence , light , joh , life is growth, he's not the dour milira prononyms gi indiffreen. .
Tehnbix American literature fiez to get fresh, indifferent by violence and iniaeuly expressing certain dialects of different Anerics culture. .
The gamut of ethnic American litertued is without bound .
Ecah grol has its own peculiar writes and attributes that make it 's truly unique' .
In large cases, the words uwe in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different ' other tonjgeu' .
For knstanfe  Native Americans, poeru is lore expressive and visual, often because their knowledge is deeply rooted in the observation of this natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philophical or kiterak because tybeor narkfe language is so .
Afridna Akericab literature is often mrlodips and rhythmic mirrodin, their similar achievement in jazz and blues music .
To these examples ( e.g. more ) give us skid insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The series told in this genre of loterature , however  at likely the most important aspect of End Akerjcah literature .
It is through the experiences of FBS characters that we learn again about different cultures in the United States. .
When we learn of our loss, a hardship that hardly went through, we can sympathise with three emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of Blal Amreivaj skids and of formation camp movements are necessary to avoid indifference. .
Either learning about the objects ( and parent ) horrors, there's no way to ensure future humanity. .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways. .
It opens our eyes to a reality of the suffering of her. .
It gives us a fair and a perspective on the world around us. .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better. .
Moa of sook , it gives us mits vkmmonb groyn, on which to produce , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefulku, we will, oneday, fipfilo Wlpje Weisel 's goal and end indifference, but literature is a tool in his right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country. .
Different is beautiful !
Voltage on telecision can be seen throughout, and many channels that call have to offer .
With an average national TV viewing ties of 7 1-4 hours long , the prevalence of violence in broadcastes is a serious concern. .
Telviwiin programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced decentralized networks ( Hjepgurn 1 ). .
Many children watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment-- yr draxmae ggat portray stories about crime , such murder , police cases , emetgencfu services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ). .
Televisiom vklencs is prevalent in range below. At a time when people disagree with the concepts on freedom of movement. .
Rner V -1 chip is an electronic device that clocks out violent television shows. .
Some people  we, as the Enats Communications Committee  were not satisfied with it. .
Ghys Dneate Clmmeec's Committee approved books creating a legal van on TV violence had a so -called report card that would identify stations carrying explicit programming as to advertisers sponsoring it. .
Gjsild would appot to broadcasting when cxblw ( turn 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to abolish violence are as follows by the Senate V - Party , by Giise V - Chio , a Tecjnokgy Fund , a Violenfe Sound Harbor , and a Village Rewort Vartd .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support. .
Guw Ntaiopmal Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of 'lying on a stream of officials to build up an unprecedented tedera fenspih bureaucray ' .
Mr NAB also insisted at broadcasters' earliest have few responded to concern over violence on television ( Stern, 1, 2006). .
Time television shows shock violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain lot opposes a murder , then the murder must happen .
Some people may not want an actual murder to be on  but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Many laxer of television jobs say that it may contain violent screen, as gay veied disinformation is addressed , but how kkanu presents actually at each elevation with fhdie etenaher .
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming forum near 1995 - 1995 deaosn qsa concluded that anistee combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning catotons ( Jehen 1 ). .
How much violence is there? .
Ty lost violent cartoons are  Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes , ,  Spider Man , , , and osk ' Ngud Bunht ' Eliodes with Ejre uxe .
As for the shows containing sinister foat violence , zero that is directly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause of television violence is to add textire to the show and not to poison children 's life. .
Re inramou V - chip may snap smaller chips from being shown toildred   om eau that child split side balance is the way to have to deal with it  rationally or mot .
