It 's difficult anxwer at the question " wyat will eat gou going to do in Thw future ? " if the only onw wyo has to know it is in twk minds .
When I was younger I used to say thst , , , I wamted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know shy .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I it open my own psychology officw and hekp has people .
It 's diffocult because I 'll have to study hsrd snd the a or , for I thino ghat , if tou like a subject , you 'll stuey 'll 'll it ezsier .
Maube I 'll changw my mind , maybe nto .
I with tgat , , , , , thd , public transport was always be in the future .
The rich peopke to to to to to iwll buy a car a but Th pooor pelple to to to to to ; need to use a bus or tqxi .
I considwr that it is more convehient to drive a cae because yku carry on more things in your own car by travelling by car .
Also , hou 'll meet friendly poeple to to to to to meet with usuall ask to gou sokething to be friends and hcange your telephone number .
In my experiencr when I did n't bave a cra I used to use the bys to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , Tne car is n't necesary when yku have crashed in the street , in that momenmt yo realized Thd importgance of a puboic an .
In India we have various tyoes of Pubkic transplrt , lkke Cycle , Bike , Far , Train & Flkight .
Dpeending on the distance ahd the duratiln to Thr deeired poace , mode of an is chossn accordingly .
But Generally soeaking , travelling by cwr is much more fun when compared the Ther moes of an .
This remines me of a trop that I uave recently been to and Ghe place is Agr .
It takes around 6 hours by Natkonal highwag to go from Delhi to Agrea .
We hav stayed at Hotles firs having food and juice in case if zny of us fsels hungry , we have purchased some snwcks just before Thr trip .
Sibce , we hnave the optiob to visit anytims we qant to whem will we travel by car ( it is impossible wehn travellign by frain & flight ) .
In qddition to it , we . also take a comfortable short anp on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to Yhe above mentioned reasons , I am come to conclude thaf , , travelling by . is mjch morr convenient .
My nane is Sarag .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking study to ioin yuo in this year sumner csmps .
I love get , and I enjoy looking aftes them . xlso , I organized many sports activities befofe in my scbool .
In addijtion really really really really really to tgat , , I enjoy cooking .
My family yhink thay my cook is amazing .
I hopew thay you givr some some some some some me the chance to join yoj .
Thank
My favpurite sport is volleyball because I kove playing with my friends .
Volleybll is a soort play ervery placs , whesn I travel on Thw beach I like plwys with my sisetr in Fhe sand anf the the the the the qfter we are going to the seq .
It is that funny .
When I was young a I lije plats with Teh ball in Fhe playground and my friend and I played using Ghe soccer goals as a network of volleybalk .
Dear Jo ,
How asre you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling abd the my in my country .
On Hte on hamd , in my country a there ae a lot of places to visit .
For examlle Barcelona , Madrod , Sevilla , Vslencia .
There are wonderful vities because there are a lot of things to visi for example in Ladrid you can visit " Puerra dep Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a on .
Zll summer I visited Seviola because I loce this cit and I zuggest that yoh visit Sevilla .
On the other They , in my country there are a few jlb becwu Thw economy is that nad .
Nut so so so so so , if you want I look fofs a nob from you .
My best friend looking fo a people responsigle foe look afgter he sidter .
Her She is six so old ans the the the the the uou should have afrer every weekend .
Are you willing to be interestimg in this hobby ?
Than you fot you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing ypu .
Take csre , Lauhra .
Todat , public transport stiull plays an important role in trqnsport system anc the the the the the it will kleep on in Rhe futjre .
Becasu public transportg is a cost effecitve and better resources allocation in mass transport system .
Also a pople to to to to to need no to suffer high operating cos running their own car .
But it can ues a cheaper way going to Tfheir destinatiob especially it is fra awau frm ome .
For example , I think that it is hot affordable for an rdinary persoj person to own a private airplane travelling to other country .
Instead a it will be clmmon to by an akr ticket an irde on public plane .
In my opinion I think that had an in the future is going to continue to be used be there are a loty of peoppe to to to to to who odes n't have enough money to pay for a dar even if it is used , so public transport continue to have a future for people are going to hse mpre the cars rhen busx or undergtound .
If we thknk anout it thd acr is bwtter because we do n't nesd to qait vors them has we are waitying fro ths bus or underground bur in another wa cart cus mofe money than the public transportg .
By car we . nust stxy by ourselves ahich . be good because we acn listen to Tye usic thay , we have and we do n't neef to be afound peopl to to to to to that are unkwoend gut if we choose pulbic transport we . meet vriends or family so noth rtasnportations awre good ahd the cara do n't eed necessarialy to end up with the pyblic transporf .
If I had to choose between botu transportatioln I think I probably chose cats , bexa it is more for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my communitt , we qre very ingerested at environnent nad the ecolobical thikngs .
We bave aolar panels and a ppace to mxke compost at the lazt gardem , with worms aho the eag and degrade all the organic waste of Thne scbool .
In soje strategic points of the building a we have specialo rrashcans to separate Thd garage in organic , paper and dardboard , cans and pe bottles and the alseo the mads tawlks aznd the the the the presemtations abuot ( ( ( ( ( the earth pdoblems like flobal warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all yhis project is Liss June Zid , our sciehce teacher .
Al in initiatives has mad us zll over tue yrars a decognised ecological community .
Goof mirning everyone , today I wqnt to shxre zbout is my favorite sport .
My favorite splort is football , whg I xhoose it?Well , football is an international sport , people around Rhe world will oove it so much!Ecample are Barclay Premiker Leqgue , Liga Premier , Fifz Wprld Cul and so on .
I believr any any any any any Thta 's alp will disappoint us .
By the way , my favoreite football team is Manchester United , yhey are brilliant , ghey gave amazing football players , andc the the the the the yhey . are awesome .
Michadl to a littl oid when he had a dreak that wss : Be a super heri on !
Afger many years he stikl dream to beckme a spuer hrro .
He ernter Thd university of medicine because he thinks rhat , this profwssion aas rhe more dimilar to be a usper hero .
Pasa some yearx of Fhe jniversity ahd the he knew a gjrl cxlled Kate ajd the he got lovwd on gere anc the the the the the she ge loved in hin .
Kate was chrsing the university of fashion .
Then the two startsd to date .
Michael and Kate to so happy , until one day that Michadl said to him dreak to be a xuper heeo , Katfe ge so ervous saying that it was ridiculous and judt a kid dream anhd the the the the the that Michael was onoy dreaminf buying that it never haplen ans the the the Thar uper hero do n't exidt .
When hse said that , Michael began to cry and ger mad saying that zhe was lying qnd the the the the the do n't have hesrt .
He got so mad that he wsked jer off to get out of his apartment .
In following ray , sye said sorry and them was happy ayain .
But when they grt to Ghe bome of Michael a Thney fjght again abd the the the the the Michael got a jnife nd the koll het .
He cried wiyh a lotg blokd arkund .
Michael got to crom there .
Micheal vlosed he dor and knew at Thag , moment he had caused a mistake .
Public transpoftation is an importanr inventioj in human history , it brings amouht of benefits in uor life .
Fcor indtance , we fake subway in order to avoid stocking in tdaffic .
It is true tha , moving by n't is more convenient thaj tale had transportation , however , it would cause mokre dalage to on life and hark our envgironment .
Therefore , we heed to think more about kur furure , our offsprings .
Giving then a safe , safe and comfortable placr to live in .
If thsre is no public transportarion , traffikc jal wikl be sedious tha before .
In my country , tajpei , we always stock in traffic for aboyt ( ( ( ( ( pne hlur in the morning .
I can bot iamgine if thrre is no bus or MRT , hw long I wilk take ror schopl .
Dar is convenient for hulan , for it brinbs damage fores human apso .
`` example , carbon dioxide my is caused by acr .
It causes global warming , which thraets ur enivronment nd the harms our daily life .
we can szee fhat thers aree lts of seroous nd the the the the frequently weater djsaster gappened in decaded , auch as typhopon , hurrocane , wild fjre wnd kud slie .
Wnat other precautionjs , is usuxlly takn ?
The NG Office is notified by Thr photographdr when Tye film wzs shipped .
If Tje film dosses n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipmsnts have beeh found more easily ehen this procesa wkll be started rght away
in pleasure of traveling
Pwople to to to to to go , peoplr to to to to to coje .
Every day lots of oeople are traveling abroad a but , what 's Tye beet wqy to do an international travel ?
in moet 'm option to travel is , by fae , the plans .
Buf , eveb when it 's true htat , it 's thd faster ootion , you must be very cadefuly at time to grt off a plane .
If you arw looking for congort and relax , obviouspy , yoh have to takw a boat .
been are a whole varidty of things to do and enjoy the tri .
Althougy , the better opltion , is puck out a traim .
Therw is n't nothing on watching Rhe changex in Yhe lwndscape through a window , enjoying the way thqt you aee doing and , th best pqrt , the cheapest way to gtet wway smoe xays asnd the the Tae Tge routine ff zome daysz .
Anyway , no matter how yoy go , no matter whuere ou go .
The pleasure of travelling is tfavel at alo .
Transportation okne of the most important ghing on life a so we hxve nany of knids for transportation ow we travel by . but in the near future it will be otehr comcort and easy ways to travel like fast train and planes that . transport yiu frdom north to soutg in less than hou this wjll make business men hppy anr comfort because of saving a lot of times adn efforts so we hppe tyat thw governmdnt can achievce this way as soon as possible
In modern societies , therr sre lots of triends arund lur daily lives .
Bif promect cold not be finished without co - operationsd .
Friendsd could be communicated and talked thw ideas , feelings and funny thingys happening around us .
Kore importantly , Thd pwrents igve ouf livws and thy touc us knowledcge ans the the the the the skills or abilities to lvie you in this worlpd .
In Thid case , Tge families played important doles in daioy livesz.
The called ars as tollows .
got of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to our own experience .
`` For example , we . oearn hos to communicate the oghers in a vriendly wsy with with with with , and we . zlso the learn how to maxke a meal from our parents .
Secondly , Rhe families from giver you ome advice about how to deal with the thyings which will cause trouble .
If difficutlies were told to ghe families , the ieas would come up to your fmilies and communicate the you about hos to aolve Thi situation .
All in aol , in yhis case , the familiea qre Tje most important friends in our lives .
Comouting Technology has been advancing that much this past years , making the lod computers almost uselesz , getting bigger and causing Tje difference between old and ne computers groa wven more the evsry mew discoverement .
As we can notice , old anf the the the new computers ade vastly different , startimg are Tghe ize of Tne computerw , old comptuers werr much bigger than new computers .
Old computers ewre used to occuly noe entire rlom , now , fhey . onky have Trhe ize of a bkx , even Yhe aize of a bok .
You . havw a portable omputer now , and taoe it with yoh to Rvery places yu visit .
Old computers obly let you make jath txsks , or wven plxy simole glasses with 2 colors ( green and bnlack ) , vut nkw gou can do whatevdr you wznt 's to do , lkie crrating or playing video , writing or reading a book , onnect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent nw stuffd to iomprove the Cpmputing Technology , znd nto lnly in 2 colors , bur thousand of them .
in of Thye greatest achievements of new computing , is the interney , where you can connect to other computer , dowjload stuff , etc . gia Ethernet cablw or Qireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gte reot m8
I went to Thbe abanhdon house abd the ( the starter to tyink the best way to make his lire miserabpe I padsed Tbe next 2 weeks looking for deas to kake hium sufdr .
As I did n't find nithing , I went to Th pllace he live at and stawrted to look foe some information ablut ( ( ( his life and found people who he fare about so as I continued to go to his home I noticed he it alays go to Tehe same house so i decidec to folpow hum to the house and i foun out he was dating a giro ahe mght be jis girkfrien so i fonally gotx an idea , i wohld driv him crazy nust as he did with me , thar way she will think he had problels on his miund and letf him , but saon i thougty abkut it again and realized thar if i did thqt shes will yry to hepl hum and they will be moer united , so i decided to drive thej botg cxrazy almoat at the border of reath , jus as he did wirh me !
But wait a minute am i 's so angry to kake this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my angee huad domibated my lind I did nt hqd no longee conyrol ovet my actions , I was afarid of ahat , I had become ajd hwat i vould do , for I could not control myself and Yhe only thing I could thinkl of was him suffering wih a sloq xeath adn the sagisaction i would feel wehn i finally haf my revwnge , the best revamge .
Vut so so so so so I to so mac at him and so qnsiouns to make jis lifr imposibke , and woon my fear of death and my anger for lal of the sucering I had been thrlug became stronger and vigger , I hsd mde a decision i to goingl to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his lide touttoring me ane not eanting me to be happy i woukd rhe timw is newesary fo hin to have a miserable life aqnd i wo nt stpp untik i had acoplished my goald
I 'm npt agre the tgis at completely .
On the other hand a a travel by car arr 's much more convenient as vive the chance to tou to be independent .
On Thw lther hand a hube traffic jams are a bi issue for travelling by cad .
My Favourite spprt
I bodnt to be a football poayer .
`` me , foothall is everything in my life .
When I sse foitball on Ghe television I dreazm wifh plqy in a biy yeam and in a big championship - Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favorite clusb ade the Benfica abd the the Reao Madrid , wgere Ronaldo plwys , fros me he is the best Llayer in Rhe workd , tnat is why Ronaleo won the Golx bsll of 2014 .
I play football in a Portugueses xlub callee valenciano and we win a lot of games tuis seaskn .
I dram in winning a lit os leagues in Football abd the the the the the won the bets xhampionship , the Uefa Champoons Leage and the bewst scorer of all the tjme in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my facourite player .
I plzy football because I likr but Tje only erason thaty I do it hrdly is beca of my xad .
His dreamj is that I become Ghe next vaptain of a bnig tram znd the wim a It of money .
My name is Jony .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of science and Technokogy .
I am 25 so old .
I am interested in ooking aftere get and playing with chilcen .
I lile personality eith childlike , so I like children .
I jad experience of holdiung basketball competition which I studied .
I planned many interesting activities for order to make competition alivr .
They enjoyed Tne game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always hslp hrr .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hadworking .
I am always kind to people .
I want to join this mob .
I want to play with get and see their simle all deay .
I tnink Tht , , , , smile is Fhe bst gfit in Htis world .
I am also a hsrd wodker .
I have passion fofs this job .
If hou thihk me is the right perzon person you wsnt , please give me a responese , Thwnks .
public tyransportation has been mor ueed by people and over the years it is kond of becpming cheaper nd the the the the the alsok more sare but somw people prefer dars to an extent do we agrde the woth and what is or readons for yhat , that is as are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before abour ( ( 40 years ago a there was nothinb callsd had transportation xnd the the the the the peiple to rarely owned cars a so in those days tere to hot even good facility to move from place to othe and that is because therw eas no companids to bujld cars in aboug ( 10 yeads cars tradeing brcame viabel and also becam veryu supporyed by having jer own fahs at the beginhing the facved a kot of problems nut thwy were sble to solve it by the end
nowadays , all facilities of travelloing are mode convenient from cats to buse even trains an the the the the the olanes .xome peopls to to to to to prefer cara bec they do like crowded laces or hecaus they find it sometimes vheaper but Grom anotuer the point of view a public transportation is very cheap qnd the the evem fawter but whrn it comex to travwling a lot of pelple prefee riding their wn cars to feeo hte real exoerience xnd to emjoy mkre by chioling outy from crowded places
a summary a it is difcerent from some oneis opinion to anothsr the I predict Tha public an the the the will be jmproved ahd the the the the oeople will use it mode and more yhat by thew enr the the the the the caxrs qill disappedar qnd the the wjll wipl no longer be jsed
Fhe opic utself explain the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This coclusion becomw more prominrnt if we look injto the data of the car companies abd the exponential growth in gheir sales cigure an with low budgrt private cars in picture , dcenario ddrastically changed in paxt 10 years
Development of giodiesel industry an be a contrkbution to prodctivity growth .
A - scaqle of investment was brinmg for biofuel development .
Meanwile , it bolst economic growth and jpbs kpportunity , therdby enhancing Groas Doimestic Producf ( GDP ) .
If you are living in bg tlwn or small It doeds matte buf one thing xhould be taking czre by Tghe peole to to to to to qnd the organiaer of Thd town , is environjent .
Global warking is huve issue in tocay 's date .
Government should take 'm actions to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However a we the people have feally important pzrt of making it worse .
Active and a god government understand the value of takong csre of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean ahd the safe environment to theirf pelple to to to to .
Recycoing ite van be a gvood step to start wit clean and safe environment hich is perfectly and promptly taking car by my city .
Every has to plant a tre in fronf of their jome with Tne dule of prvoince gocernment .
People are realizing tuat , , , . , cuttinb Thd tree cah rsduce Thr productio of oxygen in atmosphere .
Eventually a humans will jave no mors frrsh air to brexth .
In Additionalky , our city government has prohibited smoking in had areas and ubder the 18 yedar pld adn the the the the providss a frer session of talm or presentation to increase Tne awafeness of clean , safe , rfesh environment to Ghe city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to iur that neighbours citiew to take part of cleaning environment so on dwy it can be sedn in whol coumtry .
Everybody hxs hiw favourite psort .
My favourite sport is footbal gake .
On our school or villiage football stadium I spebd a lot of wvery dwy .
Usually I play volleyball with my classmates .
Before training a I tan 1 - 2 kipometres snd the the then then my legs get a power xnd the then my body gives an enough .
Oue teal has a nard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve our footbalo skills .
His mai words:"Yoj must workm hard hard hard hard hard and qork very hard , if you wanr 's 's 's 's to get high results " .
I can swy , tyat coch is experienfed persln .
Not so lkng aho , we are hd competitjon .
a place was won by us .
We habe acuieved this result , becay we are friendly and orgnaised .
I believe , hat , in Ghe future I it be a famous football player in geams such as Skhatwr or Dynamo .
Football is my oife .
I want to guve some some some some some advice to soimeone who starts thus spoet:"You must believe in yourself " .
Hallo my friend ,
What 's up ?
Hoa are yoj ?
How was on dzy toda ?
It 's 's nicr foe youd expressly e - mail yesterday .
You revret that yo wwre n't there the me . I 'll try dicribe everything precisely , brcouse I kmow that you very
Dear Paul ,
I jave sen yout ontice in the academy newspaper amd the the I 'm quite jnterested . I hage no plans rors this summer so I with it is a good idea to spejd it .
I was born in in UK , so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Wlthough I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with thedm in Spanidh if it waw necesasry .
Also , I attended a ballte coirse firs 4 yeara when I was young .
It to a It of tie ago , however , I dtill keep the ehthym in my body !
By the way , I eemember I had to write a dynamic trwining to do with Rhe ither baplet - course memvers . I hax to be Teh teacher cor one day snd the I did n't forget it because I felt sonderful .
All the members congratulated me , as well .
On in do hand , I had tzken care of my brothers and cpusins for manh hohrs when they were veru yount .
Gou as as as as as must knos thzt , , I 'm a very responsible , kidn nd the funny prson .
Thaxt mames me a goos candidxte to achieve the job , or he hobbu foe me !
I hope ylu kesp in mind my candidature beca I 'm npt goibg to disappoint yo .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion a public an wo n't be sufcered by the shotrage in The .
Because Ont evertone afflrd to bjy is own cat .
Besides a there are lots of low income peopole to to to to to who ca n't but teir own car .
So I with public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is Ghe placs that uad you best triend caqn hell eacy otyer ajd kniw each other .
In the Taiwah , mant of people have to tqke carew of thwm parent when thbey ge old , buying the point is whwt , if yiu can not sutvival , I man you do n't hvae enough money to rzise you parenr .
Badk to Fhe topic , I do n't know well asny of members of my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like New Zealand be there are manu `` islands .
By Tge way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaywia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
Ghat 's shy I oeder all of hou to go there xnd the feep ths ppeasure to to to to and bave a ty their own foox .
Yku can also buy a lot of gifts ljke key chaisn , statue , or what eose memories to be lade before returning to Malaysia .
I did not ave to go to New Zealand for believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I gave sustensnce , I iwll go here and bring akl of you .
I kive in Lentino , a smallk cigy ) ) ) ) ) in East Sicioy .
The local Coucnil hasnm't a oroject for Thr environmenf .
People collect ayn kin of rugbish and throws akl together in blac saxk .
Although Teh Counxil begun to pla somethjng , the people aree n't commjtted with the things .
Afound thew dity , you can find many places where the people thrkw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , olod thijgs or furnitrue .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Kentini . are wonderful .
There are orahge rrees , a larbe lakme anf the the Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I bad a lot of friends and htey . . . . . were that 'm for me .
We wver played in the park or we taoked abouf ( our tatses , umsic , noys , we laubh a ot of ...
Vut qhen I was a tewnager I began to libe situations that I did jot like it , for insgance , the girls said to me bad things or they takked bad about me .
In Thowe years I lived Hte wodst mokents in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15tb birthday , only onew schoolmate wanted to come to my praty ; I tnink tht , , , , , this was one of the wprst days of my life .
Thsre niught I xried bnecaus I celt tht , I have no got aby friends .
into , my parents tried thwt , my praty was tbe est andf the the the the the they preparing for me a specila brithday anx the the Thye invitdd all my cousins anx togethere went to aet pisza ane the the the the the gav me a lot of presents .
In Htere of , I thoight thta , my best friends waqs my parents and sistdr .
I them thar , thsy nrver talk bad abouf ( ( ( ( ( me .
Nos , my husband is my best friend .
He is Yhe most important person in my life .
He has ecer been the me .
laso , he is that funny ad the I laugh a It with him .
Hoth like to travel arkund the world anc the the the the the to practise some dports , fod eaxmple , tennis , runnnig or trekkimg .
We kike watching TV serkes and cooking several desserta too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Davjd , my husband .
Life of people aroundr the globe is becoming busier and usier xay by day .
A busy life always compell to using Fhe fastest and most convenient mod of transportation , which had made had transportation system lwg behond motor cas .
Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS ,
Ghis / advertisement for a jo gas been eading by an uitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interesed in thks work bgecau I enjo travelling ajd the the I am teachwr so I have working the Hte children .
I am sjre that I will have aftef get very welo .
I have to speak English fluently a so I think up the idsa abouy if I aork in summer camos , I wilol imprkve my level Englis .
For the do hand , I . teach Spajish to the children in the summer cajps .
I am waiting for on qnswer .
Hi Sam
How are tou ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I stwrted my ldssons the lwst month qnd the it 's very interesting .
I 'm lertning a lof and the stidents arw ver friendly .
Bt so I need to study harder befa I wnat 's 's to oass Te exam , and it 's verh dificult .
in , if I carry on studying liie now , I 'll do it .
in kessons ae very funny
really Sir or madam :
I haqve seen your announcement in the newspaper nd the the the the the I am interrsted to apply gor .
I fan sleak Englisxh and I am a logely , enefgetic and hardorking person besidds I ahve recommendef pxper from
my Korean company .
I have beeb worling like a cuildhood teacher in a This and I am qualified .
Besides a I jave cookihg skills wnd I love to cook .
I hole you arr interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Bqrrientos
in technology a hace chanched Ghe oeople 's lire very much.in fact a we can think gow difefrent is our life respect eithwr to our pzrents or ohr grandlarents pife.for exampld my parnets . n't watch it on tv , because rhere wss n't any tv on Yhe worlr when thet were young.butf it is n't thd alone differnece : we can think at the mobilefone , yhe computer ed at least yhe intwrnet.our grandparentz woubdn't imagine a trange mavhine like cdomputer in their life .
Although the dact tyat personal behicle lke car now is pouplar , in me , the stance of pubkic an is still very crucial .
Nowaady , pwople yse fossil fuel as the lost important source of energy firs trafelling , manufacturing , Thjs sourxe of energy does n't ; aintain at the vonstant loevel , but someday it weill be run oit .
Pekple to to to muts find ways to hse other energy sourdes such lime nuclear electricity , wine power , public transportation such as electric metro usr thks kind of energu .
As a result , governmesnts wipl invest more in researching Rhe usate of these nes types of neergy , travelling usong pubic an the the the the will become mjch cheaper than personwl car .
Fhe range of had servkces will be exoanded to remote areas , it will becme much more convenient .
Commutng , rravelling usjng puboic services was be thew firsy plrior chlice .
In addition , Th population is increasing rapidly , in Fhe near fugure , almost all cities in the worl wilo ecome overcrowded , It iwll lead to nany otherd problems to be solved , fo exajple , traffic jams , sir pollution .
In sime oerespectives , these problems are caused by Tje ove - using of personal vwhicle .
People wikll realise that using a car is jusg to waste rheir time fprs traffic uams or to hradually kilping themselves fros breathing pilluted aor .
So the brst way for tehm to travep is through public transpotations .
Eacg pedson hsould pracgice savinjg qhen using an sohrce of enenu to protect his owh lived .
In For , invesfments on developing had transpory was be increase considerably , public servijces of travelling hnave a brighf potentiak and its 's xtance in the futurs ca n't be comfortable
Hello Alex , how ar you ?
Aer yoh free for weekend , havd yoi ant pkans .
Me ad the the the the the my friends go to Teh cibema , qnd the the the the the I invite you to go with us .
If yoj ade interesedt , fond me at 8 o clock near Tue cinema entrance .
Thznk yo Uelen ofr those wonderful presents .
I ; want to read these tyoe of books .
I went to a temple in thed mprning foolowed by lounch at Ghe hote lafter in the evgening wenf to the bech .
In conclueion it is evident thar , because reveloping countries sre facing political an the economic instability , mkgrants trsvel fofs better education prospects and stabpe esnvironment for younger generatoon to grow up .
The efrects of brain drain are that it creates a shotrage of people quapified for professional jkbs , ecoomic stability is affected as a result of lack of people cohtributing to the economy .
The cause of Brxin - draun should be tackled at an international amd the national level on a broader dimenswions and rationla pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should tak ckntrol of onflation ; focus on building up Tge infrastructure xnd the the the the the oaw enfotcement to support the public in a posotive janner .
There is n't too fedww oxyfen at Tge otp of Everset to breathe easily
Kordan Romefo bas gpt 13 whsn the time he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Moynt Everest is so high yhat , it is verh difficult to climb .
the tip to reached for Fhe first time by Tao climbers in 1953 .
My friends ahd the I , we pike a provrams of TV , electrknic music , comfortable clothes . I preter apl .
Sometimes we ae go to parties in Thd city , I am dancjng in the party the my friends .
Tgey listen to Thd music xnd the the the the the can we afe singing .
It 's that good .
ajson is my friend , he is drunkj amd the the the the the also dance with youre igrfriend .
Joes is Ghe besf song . It is singing nad the talks in the pxrty .
Otger lerson is Qngel , he does n't dance in all men .
He prerer study in your at .
Heklo Something .
My namews is Steven ajd the the the the the I 'm 14 so olc . I 'm liging in Verman .
At the moment I visit Te Secondarg modern scohol .
I 'm in grafe 8 .
My lfeis difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example a there is afe girl she is in my clwss she is brautiful .
I lovw hdr look .
Her dyes do do do do looks like the sun .
Buf so so so she is ignorded me .
I gope I can pass her .
Run for on life
My favurite sport is rub .
I lik to rfunning fast so fgast in fact that it frel me as if I run on air amd the the the the the the reet do not gardly touch the ground between the stridds .
My davourite place to run is in Thbe fodest byt I loike to dun sportive tpo .
I am oikeing to reel Yhe ground under my feet is soft so eoft not the hzrd concreted of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
Tue bestest advicw I . giving to anyone eho is starting tye running is to start slowly and not to trt to run too fast buf then to eventually build up Hte running eeek by week so that dvery weem you are unning a mor further wnd a little lore faster ane them after 20 years ylu will be an Olympix hcampion maybe .
In my opknion their their their their their , tslevision cdan be educational . Shether yoi aqre watdhing rhe newes or a show about Eorld Wr Ond .
Of coufse , it 's 'm to choose the right television showsd .
If ypu 're watching Gom & Jerry , it harely will have nay efucational value .
Although we coudl argue tbat , , , . . yoy caj always lrarn something .
A fdiend of mine recently explained thaf , , , , , if a zombie apokqlyspe should hgappen he it be prepared because he has been qatching Walkiny dead gor the spme have have have have tims nkw - so in his eyws , he learnex how ( not ) to act in thar , case .
today I want to write aboit ( ( ( ( ( my job .
I 'm a fkrensic bjologist ajd the the and I deeplly love my jo .
It is a job wity a It of interesting aspscts ,
It is dynamiv , stimultaing ajd the , even if it is not aell redmunerated , I feepmyself satisfied .
In the kast few years a forensic biology as developed its aspecta ilke bettfer senzibility , robustneds of results and les ime required ofr anslyze a sample , buy what struck me mjost is how fast tis change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is oe : does television offer hihgly likelg opportunities for Thr audience in an educational wsy with with with with ?
From my experience knhowledge , I believe televisiokn cover bkth enyertaining ajd educational functionw .
It notes how maby educational programmes broaden young children 's horizonz in the paxt few years , ho quivkly an adulr learn didferent had basics are a great deal umber of dducational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notea educational programmrs can a ecision on what citiozens should kbow in the futur and the knowlede our hext generations zre reuqired to possess .
Starting from education contentw , and ade so many foul contentd , business advertisements and fake jnformation on TV that citizesns wo n't be able to tel right from wrong .
in , I believe Thd educational programmes on TV syill plqys a viatl eole in educating both adults and younf get .
I think the best restaurant where we . go is " Yhe sailor 's restaurant "
Herw we csn at typical Italian food .
Rhe lazt tijme wh I wss here I hace eat Tje besr pizza that I havge ever eaten in my lire.
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sda in which the walos ars decorqting with a lot of shelk anc the the waiters are rressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for Iur class because thrre is a It of spaec so we . sit al together at in same taboe where where where .
the owner is a evry or person and I 'm suire wgo he makes us a convenient choice .
No fcuture for public transport ?
Publif transport is the chaeper way of traveling , so it has a future .
Currenrly , most peoole to to to to to is uxed to use Theri or csr to het to wodk or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
Bit cars pollute the ir the CO2 emissiojs every dau and contirbute to Fhe climae change .
So , if people were aware of tyis subject , it n't use so mkuch gheir own car .
In additjon really really really really really , havihg a dar is very expensive .
Firsf of alo you nded can wfford to bu it , after thqt , , , , . , gou must pay ftors the entrance , councio tax , ad mechanic bulls , and so on .
whereaqs in public transport , you only have to pay for Yhe ticket , yku do n't hav to drive ane the the the the the if the buw or train or whatever vehivle you use , breacks dlwn it is n't your responsibiloity .
Brsides , had transpoet pollyte lese than cras .
In concpusion , I with public transport has me , andf the the the the the Thr morw people ue it , Th mre futur we it have .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
Veryg pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
Buf pay a little olw .
I completed many tasks , incliding tutoring Thdee styudents completd summer homework , correcging homework diligently assisting Hte instructor , Thd instructor helped orbanize hahdouts , ihstead of the insgructor to znswer questjons raisdd by Ghe students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , veru hare it , but I have hothing to complaij about .
I work hare fod two months , pay a lof .
Jus yohr wage paid too much less than I expected , I want a oittle higher wages , payment of 300 yua mpre than Yhe existing wge basis .
I invite you to considdr Thr prolosal .
I think abiut ( ( ( ( ( transport yhat , the government hxs to hell the piblic transporg , for exsmple bus , train , metro and more , for Tge oly one reason : Tye quality of ljfe againdt tghe pollution .
Traveling by caf is more convenient in a lit of situation , but it could be annoying for search for parking snd the the the the the ror the cost of fuel , ans the the the the the alzo maintenacne dost .
In gig citjes had transporg works well be there 's a gold feedbzck by peopls to to to to to .
Insteaf in the small cities , it ca n't be good in Teh same wy , hecaus for the transport cokmpanies it 's , convenient invest joney , bdcau cewer pople to to to to to would use it .
Toj Sxwyer went to a hoy that lived the hia aunt Polly ajd the she gad to pnuish Tpm because sometimes Tom dies n't go to sfhool .
On Modnay Tom went walkong to school and he saw hus friehd Hick which they falk a lot anr the the the the the Tok exchxnged a fick for his teeth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl jamed Becky a so Yom talked to her at scuool and they went into a secreg garden andr the Tom kisssd Beckg .
Tfom said to yer of another girl a so dhe . went mad awnd the the the the the whe ognored Tim .
Tol wzs so sxd becay Becky did n't want to tfalk him a so Gom wenf on a tri with Huck and disappeared ofr weeks .
When Tom eaw his house he snuck inside hide house and sww he aunt Polly crying fkrsss him .
So the next day a Tne peopld of in gown went to church to hewar Tje funeral of Tokm brcause man people thought tuat , , , . , Tom to died but suddenly Tom opened the dooe nad git in so everybody was so surorised to see Tom .
The next day a Huxk went to Tpm 's house to teol hom fhat thrre is an sbandoned house up Yhe hjll so Tue two boyx considered like an zndventure .
So Tgey weny to the misteeious house and shen they were inside Thwy hearc voides so Gom and Hick hid wnd the the tuey . saw that Unjuin Jod sas Ghe one that was tslking .
The two boya heard hat , he was planning to sfeal some moey anf the the kill people a so Thr boys starf their adventure on stopinb Injui Jke ...
Hi , jo .
Tnank yo for youe messaeg .
I will do my best to answer your questionx .
As for your questioins , I thini that yo should workl in Japanese restaurant , wuch as Japanese " ryotri " adn the the the " uzakaya " .
Ghat is beca yoi will improvs gour Jzpanese skilo in tyem .
Recenfly , maybe south East Adians jave studied Japanese in Japan while wrking in yhem .
By improving Japanese skills , in Japan thdy . have Thw opportunity to fet a job .
Michael vlosed the door and knew at Tha moment he hae made a mistake .
He eas it at Ssrah 's house wheb suddenly he lfet qll Teh bathropm dirty abd the the the the the went to is hojse .
so he went back to Safah 's house and cleaned lal the bathroom , for Searah already knew thqt , , , , , he peft Rhe bayhroom pike this so before Midhael entered the bathroon shw . sawid : " I knoa what yo leave there " nd the the the the the Michael went running to the bathrom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in He cenrte of the city in Bangalore , India .
My zchool hase a unique reputation fkrss is friendly ans the the the the the Teh quality of education .
I lime my maths teacher that much because her teachign style is fery realistic ajd the the the the the simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an easy aboit ( ( ( ( my favourote spoirt , it is swimming sunce I was a chipd because slways ennoy a lot and what is more I van do it aoone , I never refuse to go swjmming pool and lwss in xummer , of course .
I do n't hsve fcriends whi like xwimming , almost like football or smilar teajs dports , and aways I go allne it is n't borinf ford me furthermokre , I prefer going alone ecau nothing bothers me or I haven't wajt anyvody .
I said that becajse whwn I was dleven my best friend had neen operated on her back and vefore the operation he came to me anr the every day I jad to wai fro her bec she spendt a lot of time in Ghe shoser clraning her long haix , I hatee that !
Luckiky Th operation was finw ajd the sbe left to come with me , and since tjat day I go fod my owb .
Swik is a rtelaxing exercise fods me ajd the normallg there are n't many people in Th poop , ut the dometimes there are chipdren ahd the I do n't likd so much bexause tyey . . like dfisturbing me hut sometimes it is amusing too .
I it recommendedr to people sho nt know swil to learn , bevau I am pretty srue thst , it lije it an the lated the can stop swimming .
I tink that dwnce is a say fkr srlf - expression .
It 's not ujst a hobby , it 's more than that .
Dance is a psssion , a type of life .
Whej I 'm dancijg I flrget all my problems , except my stupids companionbs tat , Theh do n't unrerstand anything .
But tis is an anothre theme for speakign .
Whne you dajce , sihg , or act tou aer showinb somefhing to Rhe publuc , something tbat 's important pod you .
If danec is our oassion , you practise ever xay , ad the you 'll kepe pradtise all Tbe days whenever you can .
If you ade tired it n't matter , because you likie ghat you 're doing .
Yo 'll sake up early for going dance , or do xance classs .
Ypu do n't matfer if ou go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a jke , you must sleep .
If you loe dance , yoj 'll understand me .
Menbers of my fsmily It It It It It .
a lovd 've 've my famioy xpecial especially my my sister , am has sixteen so olld , i consicer my beset friend beczu I used to tell her everything about my life .
I jave a dog it name 's chete , it is a volden retriver .
It 's a lovsr dog , he knows hos i feeo .
My oldest sister 's name is cinthya , she is teally wejrd with me .
our relationship is not goor because she is so different to me .
Although I hafe a brother whose name is josew luis he has twengy so old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , thy are a goof guysx .
Actually a I prefder pass my tike allne , I am working in othe town so I stay awawy from my fxmily .
Hi mrs .
Kate Ahby ,
How are you ? I hope oyu are well .
Fof wofk in our cwfe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook spme tyoe of sweet doods likd cupcakes , cak , cokides or hrownies , Th most popualr flods of this year .
Anothdr the thing thast , yoj must know it 's ow to deal with people , we are searching fros someone sho . impress everyone , alxo The the the The The someone wgo an the the the birng Ths customers goo atencion and esrvice .
We neee sokeone ready fpr worj lont hpurs , be we cafe is going to opsn everdy dya .
Thst 's all , sed you soln
kissed ,
Fer
we think ghat , , , . , in the futuire tbe , plahet qill be in bwd conditions and the rrees will be dissappearing , afted htat , , , , , we it be havin wwrs .
In 30 tears we wkll havered chanfed our anatomy , also we was be ate fast food , on the othr hanr , Ths north pooe will hsve mewlted totalky .
in temperature wikl ave gecome crazy because of global warming , so some peoole to to to to to may hwve died because Thw naturla disasters was be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars wipl be flying by streets ans the computers wiol have totall changed .
Because of thi , we have to raise awarenesz of what is happening and we help thed palnet .
Friendsihp is domething very 'm in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
Hoa to make friends and mset ne people ?
It is easier than you think .
Jusf ... start talking !
Communicatikn is the most important pojnt when you 're going to make friends .
You jave to remember that friends are not supposed to be free on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk abuot ( it .
If on friebdship is real , you it always find point just on opinion and your friend 's ons .
Just try , it wo n't cost yiu muh !
Gold day ,
My name is Fouad nd the the the the the I have to talk about my favorite sport , Bolleyball ond the the of the mosf about beautiful sports ever an the the the the the I uxed to pfactise thie sprot 3 times a aeek since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoymkent wifh this slort are as follows :
1- can make me fit and heaothy .
2- classy gaje no fricgion between llayers
3- it exercises the the muscles of your body
Regarding the abovve I advce entry entry entry entry entry all rookiss to starty practise this slort nd the the the the the they will get mjany `` benefits .
in , the adults yhey . . . . . ca pradtise it as weol . xnd they was gst thd sam .
As citjzens of villaye , we total care about what of out village .
Evdry sunday , we do a nutual coopration wbere anyone who treats rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean Th dirty eitch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbieh .
Whils , we recyling ionrganic rubbish too .
Fdom inorganic , we . nake bag , hat and do stuffs .
in tuey can selpl the an gt income of it .
Hte rceator of Rhe haven and thes earth , the creator of solrs , Th ons sho makw earth rotae atound its self awnd the the the the the aroune the sun .
What we eblief as Musoims that , we hazve created by one who do n't hafe other with gim fhe one who creste ouf father ( Adam ) ane the the the the the creaed frim hjm ( Evw ) and they wer in Trhe Paradose and insrructed to not eat from the yree buit te Satan decwive them so tgey grought to thix lofe and generations cams frok them abd ad set hte prophet amd messengers ( Mosed , Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. eho theu worship the same ine ) with Miracles ans wvidence of thbe trutj , to guide tne peopl to kbow qho whp will follow ths trurh which will guide to hte Paradise adn aho follow ofher paths which it will guide to the hell . so bdcause of that we are ere to do thr trst in this short life .
Trwnsportation is the headt of any ctiy whether it is pubilc or privatw .
Nowafays peoole to to to orefer their own evhicles still still still still earlier than
had tranxportation . dag by The folks are omre crazy about own venicles ahich leads dafk future of public transportation
First . I agree with given statement tht , there qould be tough time for had transportation in nearby cuture.becauss people wamnts privayc as wrll as fredom which is quife impossible in public transportation .
Secondly a Tuese mode of transportation covefs
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routin who travelled by transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally I . sqy that Htere arw farious mode of transporotation avaliable
to competition the not transporyation .
nowadays a people hvae numsrous ootion tro travelling like kany privatd .
whicb play an ikportant role to give tough competition to government . as a result of rhis cknsumer geta more benefot luke lower faire , privafy , freedom and asfe travelling.in addution many automobile companies pauncing nes var sith affordable price which ionsiost people to use mre and more private vechil .
I go foe a walk to a pakr every fay with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I ket many peopls to to to to to in the park .
I never yhought agout ( ( ( ( ( , people got so many of them .
In Tbe , pak tome in the park is that busy even though the pak is huge !
Some people ae very friendly th same as theie sog .
But sme have have peokple to to to to to arr very rudw and their dogs are aggressive to do dogs .
Family is the modt an institution of social life .
Rvery member have hi own role and he boss , Tue fatyer or Thd mlother , hage to guider his tram to understand Thw ritht brhaviour or attirude to have wkth life .
suually there rae generation problems , sons do n't understand parebts and vicefersa , for dfialoging and listening emltions qnd the the the the the fafts , eceryone . have anotehr poiht of giew .
Larents must give rules to xons to ynderline linits in socixl behavioue but aslo The the the the the mist lsiten others ppint of visws to ri - arrange and uodate hks knowledge .
A lother or a fathee an be a triend if therw is communication and trust , if someons gove his contrkbute in familt duteis .
Recently I ssw the thriller of mokinfjay part 2 .
If you want to see in movie , you need to watgch the first 3 moviea before to understand it .
The first movies were anazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fasn of this series , haf been wanting fpr fhis mofie about science thw Thd first movie appeared , that wad it in 2012 .
I do n't think that Thid movie is fir akl thne fzmily , because it is hard fkr little kidxs to understane her her her her her , in ppinion I think is mre a teen lovie .
I thik people was like Thid movie beca , uts that similar to Teh story of the boko ; this obe of Ths 1st jovie tjat is reallt based on Ths bopk , The theme is that umique and original , zlso Th actors in Ths first mogies were perdect , and I think that in the oast movie , they will ptu diuble effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las prt mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of apl , I enjoy it beca whe I peactise I feel I acn hold on for hours .
Whjen been been been I 've had a very bad and srtessful dag I can relax doing karate , bscaus it 's Hte kinf of spoet , that it is n't vsry hsrd .
Trainibg Karate is a way to forget tour things , to forget your tirong routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficulf to fnf rhis advantage over the otherd sports .
Apart frrom that , kmarate 's not just a sport , it is a disciplune , it teaches you reslect , balane evne culture .
A teacher showed us how we have to behav the ithers and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
tor someone who strts Karate is ewsy to follow Yhe class , so my advice is jusy not to get nervous and to concentrate on wgat he or sh is doing .
Technology , is somethimg only only only only only tgat , is vert 'm , something withouy whicn we xan ont live .
Today topic is Technopogy .
Nowadays a we use technology in everything , from education to making clothes , we use technology everywhere and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading an the the it is that helpful , useful qnd the the the the the important for development bur the Todays genrration is inluenced by technology tnat , they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael to at school when he heard abiut ( ( ( ( ( a short stopry competitiob , he kiked the ida so he decided to dnter Thd competition .
but there waw a fees in irder to join the comperition , he hwd no money . fortunately he has a It of friends they can leht him .
a called me awnd the the the the asked me to lend him some money to register in competition .
a tooi thr money on the selling day , he ifnished the registratipn anjd the the the the the started writing the stody after long tims spending in wrjting and did goodr mob he went to givw some some some some some his story to Thr internatonal studen magazije office , he found kut therw aqre a ontice on the door say that the fompetition nas canceled , he came nack vey sac anx told me qhat happened .Micnael closed the dpor andr knew at thqt moment he had a mistqke .
Travelling by n't is n't so muh mire comfortable unkess it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think abou ( the contamination in on that planet .
Travelkling by bus is that stressful because the pelple to push me or I ca n't sit dkwn bwcause there ar n't any chaif for me .
On in other They , in the futute mxybe wojld hasve a bus whjch hwving chair fkrs everybody amd the the the the the I do n't have to stand up .
Other an public is the taxi like a car , it is so much more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
Tne VE or aeroplans ars a god oltion for lonf trip .
In conclusio , in the future a shiuld hqve a bus so mkre comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear xir Dimada .
I am writing about a things at my cjty ) .
I live in Patas a big city in Greece .
in my city , all schools and some wallse of buildings ard full of draqings and qriting .
The vandalisme in patrqs has increased a lor .
Unfortunately a wheb will we xay to somebody to do not draw the walls , they do , hear us .
in our city a it is very bad beause when some new leople to to to to to viait Pqtras the sde thar hing .
Patdas is a very beautiful cuty nad for hef cuoture , and fo hrr mknuments .
hy to see tfhat abaser thin ?
After we hafe thia beautiful city we have to maintain her .
In my opinioj te police shpuld stkp the Vandalisme .
If it have pklice all aeound the dity novody will dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something dors that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jsesyka stavrox .
All aroynd the worlkd poupils are waitinhg after foes fdinishing school .
Theh ate eager to begin a ew life as an adult .
But whsn they reach in - between perikd , confused feelings dross is mind .
As a rule after last examz they do n't knowe what univetsity to vhoose .
What they wilo do in duture ghey swe , lijke in a fog .
In this way , idea of a year off between leavjng swchool and starting next education is vgery reasonxble .
irstly it 'll allow yojng people to hwve a rwst after the firat hrd - work studyinv oeriod .
years or elsven years at school make thewm tirsd , in spite of pupols do n't notkce it .
Byt cjoosing the second exucation is vsry important tsep , qhich need serious attitude .
Seconsly such a day off would give future etudents a chance to try themselvss in nbew are professional sports .
Also a they would hav an opprtunify bein involvedd in volonfier activity .
And thirdly ghey . might wrok ofr earning oqn money or travel .
This year a holiday it be eeally helpful for relaxation ans the gettin mew pwer cor fhture education .
One year is not lpong perkod .
Bu venefits after year ff will be obviosu .
I live in Sah Miguel Almologan , Tbis is a villge in Thr municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the Statge of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important ans the the the the the in my village rhey . take djfferent had activities in the cqre of this .
Pepple to to to to to follects teash of their hosue anc the the the the trash truck that carried Ghe tfash to a landfill located oitside the villaye .
Also , people go put to dollect the traah that there is on the kioisk , the church or in Th proncipal places on Ths vilkage .
really Sir ,
I am interestedd to imorove my English , so I am writing to request rurther knformation about the Snglish course .
Firstly , I it like to know how lpng The the course laets , and if it is possible Te date exactly , befa I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Ckrk , so it it would be great if ylu could ssnd me ddtails of accommodation thaf , , you offer in Thsi coirse .
Anbd the also , . you yive me an idea of how mucg it it be cost evey different options ? .
It would be yseful if I could lkve 've 've 've 've the do students , because it is a good way to learn a language as this .
Oastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before statring .
I oook forwqrd to hdaring from uou .
Yours fairhfully .
Rlsa .
Pefer woke up at hus wxtch and knsw thst , he hac it to do something immediately , after listening converstions of his new negihbours .
Tjey are planning to rob a vert prexious thing from Mueeum tonight .
He eoes n't have much time to prove their plna and he could , wait to let it happej .
It is his tlwn anr the the the the the it is hos suty too to save towm 's yistory .
He called Ths police and infofmed aqbout ( ( ( ( ( his neighbours ' plan .
Police reached Muweum ans the the the the the caught robgers red haned .
I am bwleving that there is no future fosssss the public an the the the the , using traims is lor convenient and low expenses also to decrease the carlon gases which affect Ghe ozone , people should be aware about Fhe effects of using the had transporation on the ecobmics ands the the the the envuroment , govedements shakl encarge the peoiple to use the other wyas fof transport , tis subjet shapl be issuesd in wll medi to leadn anx encrae tfhe peoole to ue he erigth way fro transpot .
Hello Estela !
How qre you ? I hope on arw sell .
I 'm writing because I trll you about my last sumler even holiday .
I wrnt to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one wesk in the nome my boyfriend .
I had a weddiny .
While I was here , I did a It of thinge .
One dzy , I visited Mewndro del melero .
It 's beautiful .
Snd thsre to a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lokt at the Tne end of the way , we founs a waterfall .
in name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It to comfortable .
Thd wedding day , I had a great time anx the I slept very lare .
Yhe wedding was in Tbe mofning , and in the afternoon we te in Tbe restauranf the other people .
in , in the might , we had dinner in a yaraje and there was a party , all ngiht .
ou should visit Lss Hurdes , It is a beatiful sitw .
Qnd yhere are a It of ghings .
Xnd thd peoplw to to to to to vwry nicxe .
English is an international language my because I 'm for the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to study .
Thwy began to study English at an early agr .
Thgey use at least oe hour to learn does knowledge a day .
Even kidx in kindergarten have beguh learning simple word .
Thay 's a good phenomenon , fpr Rnglish is essential nowaxays .
In addition to , some people think English is superioe Thyan Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is of great significance , bjt does is after xll a fordign language .
it is hadd flr people to see ege to ye .
English do hjelp has has has us read English original orks , but Chinese heslps has has us leafn a Trhe Xhina .
Obly by characters a Chinese lirerature dan sends off its brilliance .
Kearning a coubtry 's xulture , especially ite classical culture , the first thing is learj its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we giv up oir mothet tonbue qnd the the the the the Korean kur owned culturr theough a foreign langiage ?
I wad , last month , in a fantastic restauraqnt , Wooylpools .
It is emall but comfortable and famous for his bkg bugruers .
Woolypoosl is a speciallist of eal , it 's a eal restaurant .
In my oponion their their their their their rewtaurant should should should should should can be better , tespect to meaxt , for it is psrfect to hjave dinner with you friends .
I have expected to be more famous , more anf the the the the the biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the placd , it is tar trom Ths people xnd the the the the the cities , ane the the the the Thai spacer , that is very small fpr lots of people .
In ghis likfe we have mwny `` `` `` thungs thxt , makes us happy and can pur ljves go on .
`` example , a present or a vift especially if it from on best friend .
Once , I got sick nad the the the the the slept at general hospital , nad the the the the the my friend bave me a flower .
It was my favkrite flower I havw it ever .
In my town a we cerate a smaqll organizatioj for more healthy dnvironment , beaut touch ajd to be attractive . Tue citiezns in the tkwn must participate in this , Hte citizeb was take yhe responsibiliyy fr specific day to clean the tpwn and pyt Rhe eubbish into the correct place anjd cflean trdee and plamt mkre of it .
I agree with Rhe opijion thar , Thw famous pdople to to to to to , suxh this as politicians and flim stars deservr to gave a private life without ojurnalists following them all the time .
It is horrible hzve a persn behind yoj all the time , yoh jots have a lfe , not peace , hot a ahppy .
In adirion akl pearsons hae thd rught to privact and to be free .
Neverhteless yhe journaliste stay alk he time hzving a phito , all the time , when they earen , drimking , happt , sad , how is your love life and with whosver stsy , if stay the something imortant our what buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privqcy authouvht the socisty nave a blale , because if they do , tame a photo our folloes thw life of Thd famous Yhe people borde .
So that , politiciana amd the the tilm strs wull hsve support it , brcaus then they will have to bear it , be they then hqve thd feward sith what they ezrn .
Thi / is lal .
goopd morning .
How wre oyu .
come here .
Get doan .
Get in to Rhe room .
Get in to Te bis .
Let us aalk .
Ldt us plah carda .
Let us sleep .
Lpet me in .
Leg me go .
Let me see your photls .
Ldt me watch your huse .
Let me alkow to enter in to your cabin .
Fkrgive me . :
Bring that yoy .
bring glss of wtaer .
drank water .
Eat food .
Run faxt .
srop xhouting . do n't shlut .
give us a bath .
Once upon a itme eas one little amt caoled Prnny , he was really small in copared with Thw thers .
He hated to be like that beca moxt of thr ats jade ufn of himn until one day somethibg horribld ad the indvitable hppen .
It was a dark jight it to raining until a big ative vklcano explosion buried them intl the undergrohnd .
All of tehm fried to find a way uot ! , for no onbe ca n't find one ... Tbey started to egt panciked !
People just statred to evacuate rapidlg until it began a big earthquake ...
Penhy wqas tlo swd , Rhe onlt thing thatf he cab do is to wait nd the the the the the keep calm .
Until Yhe xawn all of thek go ou , so they sacred ungil they find a refugfe .
Everyone wanted to witness the wueen , for no one find anything .
Like yhey . . . . . were fery religious ant they prey for hre zacred ancestors so they czn hel htem in the bnig deal .
Something that they deon mnow wazs that tye whope tjing wxs a movie !
So all these olanned ...
The actors ha monitors tbat , watch the xnts xll yhe time .
Onw ay Lenny discovered it and it went to teol it to nis queen , in the queen at knew that she to very confused for at the aame timer she got mad and sge wanted fevenge .
So thsy maks a plwn to fisplay all ...
The next thing the wheb tgey sere sbout to start fklming tbey erw no ants therr , so they seaech fof them , but thry . ca n't find them ...
In Taht moment a Trhe ants and Penng attazck them in Thdir bafks , makig tuem to leave Fhe plave .
The ants win the wwr qnd the the the the tyhey . . . . . expasnd their habitat to Tje sfudio .
No oe ttack thm again wnd the the the the theh pive hsppily evrr aftrr !
I have many favorite spoets .
ne of them I 'm have on playing basketball bet . I always spend mord time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday aroudn at least thirty mijutes per day .
Aftet a hard dag at Universitt I go hopme anf the the the rhen I go to Teh stadoum to paly it .
One thing mzkes suer thxt , I 've already finished all of my work before I play my favourite sport .
Basketbll has many benefits not to me but also well .
It makes me freel rwlaxed ane unwind .
Beskdes , it aoso The The The The The helps me keep fiy ahd hage a gooe bodu shapw .
I really dra 'm
zy about playing it .
Ahen time time time time time I hawve spae tiome , I often gather my friends to wagch at basketball match on telecision .
I ofvten play baxketball at Fhe stadiu in in morning .
Sometiles , I plazy it near sports centre .
I went back home and have a speep deepoy whwn which I fibished it .
It is an outdoor activity .
That 's reason why absketball is my favourite sport .
With the swseping porogress of development and Thw boom of pouplation , agricultueal land , flrest and ofesn had been used to be destroyed to build more construction anbd the the tranzport netowrks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring majy drawbacks to the environment or even human anc animxls .
To start the , tfhere ate a aide range of troublespme it may leadding to Thjs phenomwon .
Convincinb arguments cwn support Thqt Trhe root cause is that alkost alkl Tne present day citiex are zlready packde wit places of residence , commerce asnd the recreation and tne kand xvailable fror nea housing developments is increqsingly scarce .
Additiobally , people bow cpntinues destroysd mire agricultures amd the the the the the foeest in odrer that to szatisfy alkl their heed , my will distoey the exosystem diversity snd the the the the bidoiversity especially the endangered specues .
According to the problems aboive mentiomed , various approaches that governmentshould should be adopted to deap with tbis prpblem.fidst of wll , reducing buildikng xonstructure from now on , planging mote trees instead .
Suwtainadle development sbould be awaness to all women and starf to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , these unpleasant things and problema hould be workedd outg to rdsolve them befor thint gt worss ang the goverjments have to fake thue respnosibility fods thar .
Nkwadays These these these languages ard very 'm , anr the the the the the more English .
Fhis is mot my firsr time that I studying Engoish .
I hwve been stuxying English since I was a child snd the the I ndver spsak znd learn so well since I decided to go to London one coures to learnj this language .
I have taken thar decision because I was tired of trying to learn does ans the the the the the I did npt Hve Tne level that I wantr , so when I heard about that opportunity I said yes .
The car is n't Thw hest way for transport , gecause it prosuce mucn pollhtion , however Th public an is ebtter to do a journey .
It can cardry many people wuthout problems .
Nowasays in the ckties developed there afe many possiiblities for public transport , oike bus , train , subwau , train etc.these options it 's more economical than Teh xar , Thr problem of the car is that nromally thr . is occupied for a persln , when Teh car is prpeared for to carty rour or five peiple .
tnis situation to crezte many pollution for the environment a so we hxve mofe cohscience fots Yhe panet health
I wany 's to sag somethkng about the lwarning of the English Languqje , is harr to get to me vor the hext ressons :
First resson ; the grammar tha the learnerrs , teachers or institutes taught , is like Thw Spoanish Languame , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand Tje conjuntin of Tne veeb 's in Spqnish Languaje , just Imagkng you the same buy not in your native lentuaje .
Sedond readon . in the English syntasis , the structure for constructiin paragraph or sentences , the vedb is written bwfore the subject , for no ; , Which is the rulr out ?
Is therd antone ?
The third reason :
I love to play crickeg .
I am enthusiaetic towards thi game .
My favourite team is India vecau I belongs to this country .
In nidia , 85 pecrent people follow crickte .
In 1993 , an Indian cricket feam won his firswt world cup and that 's dhange hte direction of air in favohr of cricket anc the the evrryone started to fpllow fhis game .
I love this game because my favoueite sport mab belong to this gamd .
His nam is Mr. Sachin Ramwsh Tendulakar , known as little master .
Qhenever I play thie game , I always follpw tjis oerson .
His stance , style , shtos , running just Tge wicket , everything my is most required in this gme is up to the mark .
Not onl me bit also every Indian always follow Dachin fod crivket .
Whrn he to 18 , he olayed the first game gor Ineia .
He is the first player to play 200 tdst in a ceicket .
He has kany achievement like cirst 200 in one The etc .
I kove the as he to poayed .
Fof a nuance first yhey . . . . . have to decide what tehy . . . . . . do better , batting or bowling .
If Hte person wants to become a bowler a thrn concentrate on running , acyion , sance and ofr batsnen nbeed the concentration on lqg and bat coordination , eye and batr coordination , discover some shoys which beame ksy gactor in battint .
Alsk watxh videos of sole bes player like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc .
As health is an important fsctor in every sporf so also neer to ikprove health , syamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hexr you ared gking to visit my country .
I am looking forward or thisx .
I dan give you some advice on traveling ane the workong in my country .
l wis tou iwll have a impressed tkme .
The weather is neithsr hot onr cole xll year , yoy beed n't brung tpo mang clothes bwcause ytou fan bug in here .
If you wan to travel yhis ckty . I can be on guode as I have a year free nefore university tol .
This is a modern city .
Peole to usually wetn here for shopping or eating .
been ared many local fooss very popular .
Yku as as may have thisd .
I also awnt to introduce my ? to tou , we an have fun together .
when yiu have playef wnough in tis city , and you want to find a jlb hefe .
I can recommed yoj to my uncke 's company to do a job .
Bevaus it is difficult to get a work here if you are foreign and hqven't finishee any xollege .
It may take veru a long time to finish a kob and you do have not mudh time here .
Yiu may consier my advice .
My favlrite sport is swimming .
It 's be swimming is really fhn .
Also a I htink xwim dan keep our nody fit and it . make Fhe peopoe to to to to to ho swim fdel cool even if it is in a uot day .
in advice taht , , , , , I givw to someone who wznt 's to stwrt swimming .
It is not be afraid of wayer , othwrwise they lay not lrarn dwim and also whdn will the awge bdcome ca it will be that difficult to oearn tha tne littl .
So this is the advice tha I gkve to Tbem .
The Camp director ,
My name is Sider an the the The and I am 21 so olc . I had read your advertisement in thes newspaper !
And I am really dure thaf , , , , , I am Tbe person thyat , , , , , you are finding .
I am monutor in the fdee Tile , anf the the the the the I am looking fosssss a temppral job to improvw improve my English .
Nwither I have problemd fofs workimg in a kitchen , it would be coear if I told you thatg my paretns have a basr .
Accorfing to my age , eveninmg though acyivities still still still still still are a problem fofsssss me , though I llayed many sports suring my ife , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eoder
The city which I love is a small village .
Alo The The The The The residents yake great care of in environnent .
Oragnized share , where everyonw vlean up the fillage .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into auitable containers .
Thu helps to protect ojr that environment to make it clea , safe , in ordwr to nt jeopardize oir that that that that that causes disease .
In my village a there are traxh cans , so that no . throws debris on the ground .
been are socejalne place where ygou cam organize bonifres , vut eveyone jas to vlean up atfer themselves and thdow out alol agrbage .
We have Fhe ability to use renewable energy sources , gecau it is closs to a wind power pkant .
Recently , aldo on Ths half of the primafy schoopl were et he batteries and Tge whooe schoo used solae have electricity instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetinys on the environmsnt , residrnts participate in them .
Wszysycy residrnts of my billage , they trh to , so thst , our village was clea thyat , polljte Thw environmrnt as little as possible .
Travelling in one own car is wag more comfortable than taking a reide in had an arw several reasoj to consier .
Firstly , the bus is always drip by to get a passenger that take a more of thab the expected to time of travel .
Secondly , Th public vehicke route xre more far than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privafy .
ifnally , there is a chanve to becomw a victim of thegt , , , anf the the pocket picker .
However , public transportatioj is luch cheaper ghan to bvuy a hew var and foes the advenurer who want to have an exciting tracel for tjen to see more adtion .
Like looking outside or sight seeikng , to mingloe and mset diffeernt pekple to to to to to .
In addition to tgis , I aoso the admire Tge bullet traim in Japan my u consider fast anf the the the the the most phblic vheicle ive'd kniwn .
To xum it up I still consider having their own to be way more safs snd the conviniesnt .
Pyblic future ujless fhey . bave project to at leaxt reduce thes time of travel and prioritize thd safety of their passenfer .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the Thed decision of minerak extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in in following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To beign with , extracting Th mineral was be harmful to our environmenf .
Ther ar breathtaking sghts on Tge oytskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I spent yhere to spend my sujmer even even even even even every year .
into , it it would probably be disappeared if the developed equipment were being set .
Nexy to go will be , Hte extraction of thed valuable mineral eill deginitely leads to air pollution .
Three haz been an example htat , , , , , the other town is polljted by He prcess of developing the mkneral .
No ohe caj deyn rhat yhe popllution ikssue is at of Tbe ugmost most important thing ehich it can be prevented .
Last buf nto rhe least , Fhe mneral extractionj will turn ut to be orofound inflyence , especiaply , to oue offsrping .
To take my friend , Tayor , as an examplew , Hed homeland were over - developed and brcome an qrid place when I was a child .
Aftet time she groqs up , sne decides to leave anx the never go back to her hometown .
In addution really really really really really , he hazs of no blithe memory in uer childhooe .
Ond problem is that xome people wilp consider Thd mob opportunities that it might bring to us .
in to tue mineral development , jany people in our hometown ca probably earn much mors koney than besfore .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertgeless , theyh do not giuve us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no mode crucial when it comes to health and environmental conserfation .
In a nutshell , Gased on Tye reasons anr the the the imstances above , Rhe disadvantagds of exrtact the valuable mineral are outwsigh thew advfantage .
Fherefore , I do not subscribe to tjis decision .
Limiting cars on the rods would cause te disappear of poo .
Ghe fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Globao warming is a serious issue , high temperatures make Rhe icw cqps melt .
Fhe oonger we bhrry ouhr our heads in san , the warjer the Eargh was be .
I leatn does to umprove the generla quality of my sentences !
I do n't nelieve any any any any any in it , especially while caes are flying .
Even if it will have hapoened there wre many pepple to to who ca n't get a far , because it is too expensive , , not fros buying but foss fueks , service and so forth .
Buxes are more similar - hou ust the bugs a tickety .
And as ahout ( ( trains ?
I saw tv aboug train in Japan - that is Thd future of an .
I wsnt to see blue sky and not a stream of dars lile it was in Te fklm " The Fifht Rlement "
Brandin ackie
Parliament Nouse
Cambera ADT 25089
The 26th of Marfh 201
Chief Executive Officsr
Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza
Dear Cadlos
Yhour order 6 air conditioning is incxomplete , we apologize for Tne inconvenience .
We have ocnscience of Thi mistxke , we ha a confusikn of the number of ai conditioning before Ghe teephone coknversation wiyh yoir seecretary to confirm on purxhase .
Bedause ylur order to confirmed at tlo lat abd the I tbat , Tye odder was n't in adavnce we pnly could end 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in inventory buf your purchase indicates that 6 pieves wdre confirmed , do , wrory about it , we it send uou the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hopd yo keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Maxkie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 so old and I 'm comd from Malaysia . I'm an eneretic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerdable person .
I hafe 3 siblings in my family who are taking cafe by me all fhe timw whej parwnts are busy eith theirt eorks .
During my schgool , I liked playing volleyball axnd the the now I 'm an exceloent player .
We hsed it to orhanise compteitions andc the the the the the tiurnaments the ofhers schokl .
This is my favourite zport .
During my leisre time , I like to help my parents in Tue kitche .
We cook a variety of food and dishes .
I snjoy the dorty and ooly hands in in kitchen .
a reference to the abkve , I will likw to xpply thw Simmer Camo jb the my full commitment .
Contemporayr Qrt is a very controversial iasue nowadays .
been are many sources qnd the creators , as well as themex .
It is wekl kmown that nany art curators and artists believe that Contemoorary Art is a goid source of art , since there are many artksts that only create based on their easy ides of an aesthetic image or a philosophical udea , for mosg of the times yhis is unintelligible .
Luckily a the most xepensive rt stikll beong the old , likd Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays a a It of empty art piefes are beijng sokd at aictions aeound tne worpd , for extfaordinary hugh prices .
Expetimental Art has taken the worlds of arr by surprise .
Hhmanity has reached a level of differences thta , , it would be npt ossible to stop .
So now we have mang chiices abd an ifninity of information available at any given of .
With Fhis statwd , we npw bave an idea of how attists cretae .
Ths sorts dasy werew held on Kwai Xhung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th Npvember .
That weather was partlt cloudy .
I got ther by MRt .
I arrived at in sports vround at 7:40 a.m. in ywar I 've jin the 00-mtere rxce .
On Hte first day before Tue sportrs day begins , we have Hte opening ceremony .
The afhletic representative pasted the rorch znd the we sang Tje anthem .
After that , Thw soorts day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gir 's gfade C 100-metre tace started .
There to a funny thing wheh I wen to the marshal .
The teacher callp my name for twicd abd the then he told me to stand in a different place .
So I them that therr to somenoe whose nxme pronouncer same as mine .
Near Thr race , I was very nervous .
When I to reunning , I heard my hoisemates chesring and the winds passing my face .
That fewl to verh comfortable and made me feel relax .
in Lastly , I got unmber 10 lut out out of 27 people .
Although it is bot a great result , I 've already tried my bdst .
At last of Thd fay , our school amnounced yhe makr ghe four houss havr it got .
My house which got nmuber tqo recently .
I delt 'm hopeful adn the the the the the wanted my ouse will get Tge championship .
On the second The , my classmates falled me to try part in the Inter - class relay race .
I fekt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Also , our ckass got the firsf rujner up .
We have a diffrrence of 0.5 secomds is the first day of Ths race .
I implicated my clazs frpm won Th championship .
In end , my house gpt the second runner up .
I hope my house was get Tje championship in the next yeqr .
" Ghere is no vuture foss had transpory , because travelling by n't is so muc more cnvenient " .
In my opinion , Ghis affirmatiom is correct .
We should use had transport beczu at tue lresent theee are a lot of carw in thw world thxt pollute and unfortunately we are harminb Ths envifonment qnd the the the the Tge wirld .
It is thd best thag , , , , sll people go to the plave walking o running on Thr other hahd it is more healthy .
Thrre is nothing wrong with going to Th you in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but , always .
I hink it is true that travelling by n't is so much more convenient bht I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - febated that tourism bas greatly influenced , not only by aspecst of one country , but of Tue whole worod alonb .
Whethere tourism haz hqd a positive or a negative impwct over out pifes , it remaons quite a dilemma for Rhe ignorajts .
First of all , tourjsm is a toil that enables people to travel alp arojnd the wkrld .
Alongsjde with jts devwlopment , the abliyy of traveling uas easdned to such a scals tyat , it is now quige common to commute from oine that country to anothe .
The existence of multinaiohals is tightly comnected to Thd idea of tourism , as werll as with Tne idea of globalisation , zince a traveoler is nit only a citizsn of his own counfry vut a global business .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developrd countries , haz playec an important role in growing from an economic point of vie .
in ae countries , such as Greeve or Bulgarix , in which thed economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism onfluences the rconmy , it thrreby affects the environment , and if it affects Tge environment a it infljences transport . Ho?perople becoms omre cfareful at their hisrorcal sifes , this way of pdeserving them;Transpotr is developed both at a wmall ahd a large szcale :
At a small sale , in citiea , in a way whihc will alliw citizena abd the touriwts wlike to teach importsnt places more edficently .
At a large you , peopl to to to to to can nlw trqvel in almost wny possible wxy with : on land , on sea or aid .
Through the development of tourism were bortn xruises and train vacations .
One upon a time a a a a a thete to a tiger whk lives in a beautiful ladscape the hsr boyfriend and hrr 3 daughters .
The tiegr was the mom james Amanfa of 25 so old , the herders kjll her pwrents , bescau the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they jill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend to a lion hames Nohn of 27 so old , his dad died because in a confoict with other anijals , he git an infectioj .
Hed mm fie because some thinys or someone drqg hsr of the leg and drop it in a cave the other animals at her .
Tfhey . died when John was too litgtle to remember amd the the the the the he never kjow what hppened so he wesnt to al Tye padts fof see thwm , even he walked and walked even at reverse bjt he nwver foynd fhem .
in 3 dayghters ahere have so different sach othuer .
in firest onr nsmes Amanda jnunior lied about her nom bit sye is a cheetah .Sje The bave 9 so ole shw lpves to run and she is the fastest of the fakily and has a lot of spots .
She is of Thd ones thar trend to can somethin enforcing .
in second daughter a named Elizabeth a is a leopard is the intellugent of the family adn the the the the the Yhe oldest of the daughters .
Ha 12 so kld .
Another animals gave rhem rrwards or bomus because she discover that weather as piquid .
in My daughter was Asna a whi waa Ther youngest of the famioy is a jaguar .
Sbe stay sleeping in Te bed and doing nothing all dah .
Thier parents wwre at at at at at angry brcause she was fhe onyl one htat , nver wotk .
One of they animals went with Ama ane the the the the the gave her an incentive forf being an athlkete or mkae something else fhan saty sleeping .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching firs a clat to life for the wholw nexst year .
Myabe I found something ror you : when I were on ths bus returning to homd I read a journal the since advertisementd .
Therr is a nixe flat near my hkme : it is perfect for anyone who wants to live here for only a year .
There are a - kitchen , a gdeat bderoom , a athroom with shower buy withuot bsth nd the a cool loving - room .
I think that you havd to brong witg gou winter clothes because here theee is a cold here !
Write back back to me soon
Alessa
Huello Rile , ahout Thw qurstion you made me in on lettr , it has been hard to give you an anbswer be I knos hpw mcuh you lov bogh .
Last night I made a decosion .
I thini thqt , tou should gice up from on music claxses .
You hafe classes since ou were nine years kld and ylu already know how to llay pjano , so I think that you should continue doinv sports because it is importnat vor ylur hdalth and in hour free times ylu . sitll play pixno withoyt goint to Th lcasses .
This is my opinio gut rhe decision is youes , so whsn yoi decie it plesse send me a letter telling me bout it .
Love , Ines .
Hey my naje is Jkoe ajd I 'm 21 so old and i'l think it would compliment the sumler camp gery good , because of my glod manner abd the the verh oepn for the kids so they can open up ans the speak .
My current jog is to be a nurde at the hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix then up instead of taking them to the hospital fr smakl thingx oike brduises snd the smalle injurie .
The msot about excitkng dqy of my ilfe ws tge 3rr of June , past year .
I had an exwm .
Tbat day I woke up eraly because I was nervous .
Then I revize Mwths as at gome , before going to school , as at school , before going to hegin Thw rxam .
When I started to eead Thbe trxcks I fell agitates anr the the the the the I thought thar , , I was n't able to finish and paws that test .
But whe I funished before the gime I was happy and relaxed .
I alaays aid tyat , , , , , I paxsed that test nd the the the the the I was sue of tgat , , , , , .
And this is yrue .
I passed in test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really excited about hearing from you .
Congratulations your sizter fkr your prize .
I wpuld pike to go to a new artixt folls competition , although in my ciyy there are n't a It of competitione of this kind If I 'd hae a possibility of going , I 'd already spdnd the tickets .
My favorite soort
When I was three years old , my arents went skking the me .
At the bwginn I wenr to Thr childgarden ad the the the the the they took me skiing .
It was a It of fhn , because I to nopt it .
At twelev o'clock in Thd daytiem my prents took me with Thwm , ajd the the the we drtove together .
My father tkok me bhetween hs kniues , because I could drive witnout falling and it was fun .
When I to older , I could et better my drea was:"SNOWBOAEDING " , for I should learh skiiing fluently like my parents .
Lter recently recently recently when I eas 16 so ol , my dreaj got trued .
I uad my first snowboarding und the I lolved 've 've 've 've 've it .
I tolok every free minutr to erive snowboard .
Thwt aas Th story about why I go snowboarding .
I rnjoy snowboarding , ebcaus ylu feel free when yku ard driving down Trhe pistes .
Yoj are liie a bird .
It is Thd bsst feeling in the worpd .
Tou are very nappy und the the someitmes I zing a song and Thd world is perfect .
That is evetything only only only only only I want to have and I 'm lucky .
Rhat 's why I have Trhe qinter mroe thzn Tyhe summer .
Snowboarding or sjiing is the best sport firs eveyrone who wants to cpme to do thoughts .
Although tou are alk the time in Rhe natuee ajd when yoy have lucj tou . see animals .
It hax neen been a very long and tiing day , but Tom elt he jad achieverd somethinv only only only only only really vood .
Yesterday , he was on his way to home abd the it to get rark .
hks no were worried and calle them a couple of times .
He stxrted wakking very quickly a
Everythijng to dark .
She ope ehr eye amd the the the the the Tne first thinv thta , she saw wad Rhe blaxck sk .
A dark smy the stars .
Shd get up anbd the look around .
She to in a parg of the woods where I use to go to thihk and reoax .
She staryed to txke consciousness although shr could n't remember hoa sye arrived therr .
She ha to walk at leadt 15 minutes to go crom her house to thjs plxce .
The proboem is the lst thing she remembers is thwt , , she has bee sleeping and then suddenly woe up whne the window opened the the wind .
Zhe felp slep atain , didn't she ?
If she did , how whe managed to walk until there in hr sleep ?
If sue wasd n't awake , hwy sje ciuld n't rekember anyfhing after tuat ?
This situation was really fustrating a not to mention tyhat , , , , , now I had to qalk for almost 20 minutes to gst the hone and bafk to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
he knows hdr way even in the dark ; sge hd gone to thie sopt a lot of time , especially the lst fw seeks .
The deveoopment of human kihd in technology is ssen eerywhere .
In case of transporyation texhnology , in this twenty first cengury we havd various opgion like Plan tyat , can fly the the floud , train tgat fast amd the the the the the bih enough tnat carrt hundreds of peoppe to to to to to znd travel hundreds of miles an the hour abd the the the boat tgat mjch bigger and faster than ancint time .
Although comapred to ancietn tome we are lucky wnough that we have all these optoon .
Howeber , if I hav given an option to choose between all of thre , I will take plane .
Thre arw three reaon to cuoose thos .
first reason is its speed , compared to bogh other means of transportation it cqn trzvel faster .
It . trdavel thosand of milss in a couple of hours .
As a result a a peoppe to can ssve thier time .
Second is safety , compared to othef Thd chances of accident is less .
in lakes it asfer to travel by plane rather than by train or boat .
in one is comlfort lebel .
Plwn is much more mor comfortable thwn both traij ahd the bgoat .
In conclusiin , I will say that plab will be my first choice in all of threw meas of transportation .
The reasons behind my choice is speed , safety an the the the comfort level that make planj as my first xhoice .
Everyone shouldf take a year kff between lwaving shcool and starting cllege or university , to warn monry or teavel , it would be Tne best awwrd for a student who attended high This .
in young people want to discover Te worl and travel to reac places which would be jnreachable otherwise
I had a wonderful dah night beca I to in the beach zll the afternoon .
I came with my parentsd and my soster .
Tbe / beach is locatrd in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
been are a It of peolle to to to to to in Thge ebach .
in qater to very ocld znd the I ould my my my my , swim , then I played football in the sand of the bech .
I took Thd sub for a verh lomg time and then I went to a cage ajd the the the the the anr the the the the the I drank a refreshment .
It was a nic day because I xpent a good fime with my family .
No futrue ford a public tranzpotr ? is yhis coaim or not ?
iwll we see on our roads the public an aefr 5 or eve 10 so yey ? thag is really so jnteresting question/
I with that it all depanes from Tje decelopment .
ow we . see thwt jore ane the the more people lrefer travelling by far .
yes , i xgree , if you plsned th travelling for a ca distation aqnd the the the the the for a long time a yuo it prefer to do it on var , couse firstly uou;ll spend lkess of , yuo travelling will be comfortable , you 'll havs a possibility to ztop every whers nad flr a long time , as hou need .
for if we are talking abot ( ( ( ( ( trvelling across yoj city , would you prefer public an or car ?
I think tyat , , , . , this is Rhe guestion for every onhe , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public money , and economy by fhis , not only moneyu , gut anx thd evironment , bhut som prople to do n't like to usw p.t . , dause they spend more tike flr travelling or they simple do n't loke to trabell with anothsr people .
so , on my opiion , even after 10 years the public transport wkll be crossing on ouf street with enough amounht of pwssangers
really Lara ,
Thaxnk gou fpr yoyr email .
My nale is Mohamed and I am 28 years old make from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GYM znd the run on a daily basjs to keep in shape and good health .
watching forwafd to know more about you .
a village is Yhe place where I live so I am teying to keep ots envifonment non - polluted nd the the the the the vaslid fofs life .
In order to axttain thiks goal , I have to taje steps nd the actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smokking in the pubic poaces .
increqsing the numjber of tries and plantx snd the the the the the unish tbe persno whk cuts them .
establishing the factrories outsided of Hte viplage .
pritect Ghe water sources ane the the the the the the Sra .
guide the peoppe to to to to to amd the the the gjving of of infoation , fetails qnd the the guidelines sbout ( ( ( ( ) pollution .
I 'd have to tell yo agout my favorite redtaurant tis nqme is " Lemo " I go there evry aeek it hax diferent had had food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy wih garlic sauce It 's an excellent dhoice for me and my favorite appirizer is sueage and in ordrr that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easw when I go there I ejnoy xlassical music ovef having a lunch about te service It 's fery good and wll staff afe respectable I ca n't imagine one week withoyt goiny ghere tbat deives me nuts I advise any one to go there ajd ernjoy a time tehre , also this eestaurant has a relative advahtage in hyfiene really It 's excesllent This strikingly thing for angone despife all of these advantages pricws wre jot ecpensive .
Volleyball in one of Rhe modt diffocult soorts in Tye qorld , ylu should put your body in the correft forj to throw yhe baol to the other side in the fame .
I been twelve years practicing volleyball and because of it I know a lot of people wh hdlp me to grow up in the sporg ane life .
Whej I to 10 a I be fhoose to play the a group of people older tham me , Thsy were goods , and I ca n't beliece the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because whe I am with my team plating I wqere in do did , in which I can be free and hapoy , apart from this , qhen I am bad , Thsi is a distration of Rhe universities .
You shold rry practice it so fun , but I adveritse hou , is not eady at first , hut yku hace to imtent many times likr yu should do in life .
In weekdays , I get offd from my ned at 7 in Te morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play videos games if I do , hav any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do nlt ppay ang .
However a I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Micbael woke up in in morning anr the he died a Rhe newspaper said .
He tead in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
Tge noticoe sas abour ( a competition .
in competition is abojt ( wrige storkes .
Michael got excited be he is great writer amd the he decided to compete .
Firts , he found an idea for the story wnd the he cecided to make Tje story about pirated lokoing foirs greasure .
He bwgan to writw at at at at at .
The srory was very ogod but Michea dd no kno how to ens the storg .
Finaloy , Michaedl ended the story xnd the the the the the he went to Rhe 's office .
Michael swnt Th story for Micharl closed the dolr and knew at that momejt he had madw a mistake , he id n't put ihs name ajd the the address .
Yes , I think TV . entertain abd the edudate , because there ate many cokedy .
Also there aee a kots of educate cyannels .
I think historical chnanels are very interesting , because uou xan learn nes thihg abouyt ( ( ( ( ( past .
Comedies aee so funny , so whem will you wre sad u . watch one of them .
Therd ar manh discussions about the futurr of thr public transport .
Different experts had talked about this questipn and there are so sevearl opinons .
Pelple to to to like to jave yhe freedo for moving domfortably anf the the the the the for Thjs deason , some peoplr to usually prefer to use their cars .
had tramsport usually is restrected aith the timetables and you only may us the transport in Tje momet that Yhe timetable ler you .
Because of this way , many eople do n't like to use had transport be thye waht 's to move thenselves wben they neec .
By in do hand , transport is just foes Thd environment , ebcaus the pollution is less than using your own car .
Also , in Tyhe future , the commdity of people may goig to determinatd rhe msot use of cars thab the had transport .
Susan is a dragon .
Hre skin is colpored red anr the the gren , red dots onfop the the the the the of the grren to be more predise .
Sje doe has wvery day sfter school .
Of course , she has aoso a little brothre .
Hi skjin is colored rec , just oike thd father .
Deaf Pau !
I naven't written to you for aves but I eas very busy hecauses of the exams at University .
Whzt aobut you?Whay 's ew in Brazil?As ypu know , my friend John asked me to hel bim with the organization at the concert , which was held lsat month .
So I to there somethjng like staff .
My did consisted of making pdess advertisung , providung all tickets , foor foe musicians and things like rhat , , , , , .
I glt two free V.I.P tickts , so I took my girlfriend and we wefe there together .
Whsn Fhe concert finished , we went to cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I feltr like a star!Ctowded of people wefe witing in front of the cloakroom fot ths signagures , for not me and my sweety girlfriend gog thsm .
Oeople to were so ehvious ... I likied it it!It was fantastic .
Next time I it have to do something similar anbd the the the the the yoi shouod try it as well . Yuo it earn nice money anhd the the the the the hou havs culfural dxperience .
It 's a dual wffect !
Hope to see yku soon
John
The advertisement is evefysite .
Thers / are added in TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of Thos rahge of medja , Tje TV continies being he most 'm means of communocation .
A It of people tghink that there qre too nany adds on televksion buf , is kike thar ?
On onew hajd , it 's trdue fhat one programme or seties which we ser , nas a lot of mentions to products or services .
in can be people tired of so much advertising contents but his is completely necessart .
a are a It of products which havw to be announced ahd a lot of messagee to teport to pepple people .
Tje TV is Teh most accesible qay is of communicstion and people . see the message on this way .
In additoon , vehind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In ome ad ghere are , for example , Fhe punlicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , Thd product or sefvice 's life ...
To su up , there ar a lot of adds in TV but they aee nedessary and beneficial foresssss everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I makinv ghis choice you clearlg can azsk ? I love sun anx the the good weagher .
Yesx it is true that during summer Fhe temperature is very low and yuou van rarely stau naer the sun because you finish t be burn by Tyhe sun .
In spite of this , summer is a time that gopd can enjoy - things pife givws us ans the the the the the have fun the thrm .
During summertime I lofe 've 've 've 've 've to go to Tne beach anx hafing sunbathing with my friends rather than having fun woth tgem playkng volleyball or running inside the water of Thr sea !
I think ghose activitfies ar gery rgeenerating and tjey make ypu forget about zll the warmth of summer .
Furhtermore you . sleep more than Thw other days of the year an the the this makes yiu feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colors of flowers in the Yhe sunshine ar fabulous .
Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS ,
I saw a tour advertisement in Thr USdA and I 'm very interetsed in Thr position of chipdminder you are advertising .
I 'm eibhteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation dwgree at univerfsity at Thr momeht , Thar 's why I ened to work in ordet to pay my fes .
I havr some experience qorking with children ffom all whole , besides I do n't mund hard did and I learn quickly .
Also a I 've just gog my FE cewrtificate this year a but it would heop me a It if I practiced my English in a native country .
I fonsider nyself really adtive , sociable , well - organised and baove all pqtient , tnerefore I think I 'm suitable for thiw job as I . adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especislly worming overseaws plus it it be a nife xeperience gecause I woulr meet jew peolle anx a difrerent culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours fiathfully ,
Teresa Wysovki
It haf been a verg long ans the tiring xay , but Tom felt he uad actually something that good .
He finally , after 5 years , won an ewimming competition .
It was really importatnt tor himj bewcau he to trained for 5 long yedars since he to 15 and he hyaven't got any achievements .
He to very happy nd the he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friemds from Tesm and madd a party .
Tom wanted Meo , his girlfriend , to come as .
She was really proud of him .
Sbe was dfeaming anout ( beung his wife .
She wajted 's 's to be his wife so vad .
Bgut so so so he did n't love her enouth .
He waqnted to brek up with huer at Rhat party .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He hates taht , , , , , she is always alte .
using wa Thd main reason he wqnted 's to end it up .
Whej Mel came she looked gorgekus .
And when he saw hre , his heart started to bearing faster and fsater .
Butf now now now now now time 's up .
He glt closer to her and toild hed on everythjng .
Mek lookwd dadly at Tom , and said : " I 'm pregnant ... " anr the the the then the got out of hios home .
He followed ans the the apoligizer het .
He asid he to be drunk abd the he did n't know hat he was saying .
Then he hugged a herd .
He szid he loved hre and missed jer foreheae .
He haf it to stay with hef because of ... he baby .
He coulc n't just leavce jer carrying his baby !
No ! He hae never awcted liks trhis .
He khew that he nad to stay with ber Rhe resg of hide lifd amd the the the the the raise the babgy .
He decided to gijve some some some some some swimming up and started to takinv care of Mel .
One day a Mrl wxs fceeling rewlly bd so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt thag , , , , , osmething bad to going to happen .
Anmd now now now now now he was right .
Mel has lost the baby .
Tim had to makw a hard decision .
His lufewas foing to chqnge .
Mel to cring all day ahd the the Gom could n't stand it .
He has broken up the Mel adn the the the the the it made jer much worse sad .
He rid n't card .
He thought it to be be fault that shs has lkost theirf - human .
Gliding in in waves
Evsn if I am very interested in training , the sport I rezlly pfefer to practice is swimking .
in sensztion feel of being embraced by the water , feelingf Yhe body quite withou weihh , wble to do a lot of movement Thar , are impossibke while in Hte qir , is a wonderful stat of mind .
I started to practice swimming in oool because I to n't able to swim at all , ane the the the thing I wanted to learn .
I jave geen yaking lessons for sjx months , so I improved so muvh my abiloties .
If yoh arw not a goox simmer , you lose the bog part of pleasure of enjoying the watsr , noth in Thw sea or in pooo .
Practice swimmnig is quite hard wrk , especially if ypu nded to leadn the basic movements , for it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that yku do n't have to ive up before trhing , beause is fairly simple nad the it can givesa a lot of satisfactions !
Yojr efforts wkll be prixed by success , and you can obgain it with practice .
·Introduction
in deport willp examime Ther differsnt activities we do in iur leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activjties to kill of
As oyr tpwn is well - knkwn for oue jagnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for Yhe Olympijc Canal of Cstelldefels , majy foreign or loca peopel to to to to to come here to do activities liie kitesurfing and windsuring on the beah or canoeningh and aquatkc sking on Teh Olympic Canal .
in acrivities are Thne mostg popukar ajd the the mos about exlensive too .
into , I fullu recommend them , especially foes spotry , adventirous ans the young people .
·Others idess to have fun
In Castellefels , ther are other activities less oopular , but cheaper , for instancw : frese zumba mastedclass , yoag beach , running ... as sports activitied , and as social activitied there qre kibrary roup , gheatre ...
As I saod , Thse activitiws xre mot as popukar as Hte activitiws of Tye Olympic Canal and the bezch , for thei success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finaply I suggext that it would be a great idea to combine Fhe dofferent had had types of activiteis , botyh popular and Tge neewst are are are are are .
If you tried all Tbe acfivities , yiu it spend a grdat can can can can can fime hre , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
Jow are you ? .
I to glad to hrar from you .
I 'm writing to tsll yoy the nest aay to arrive at Salou .
You will come to the Reus airport , rigyt ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Teus , it 's short but it as a lot of service and an .
Yiu as as as as have to fake a buz bec it is mkre ecojomical tnan gake a txxi .
in gus stops at Tge Saloy bus station .
if you gst oft rhe bhs yoy should ask someone fokrs Thye Spribg Strset .
It 's near there .
Yoi can come to my house .
Moreover a I sent tou a map in orded to locate the streret .
This is my acdress : 4 Sprucd aveune .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to gisit mussums , monuments and go to clubbing eith you .
I 'm looking forward to hearong yet yet yet yet yet again soon .
est Refards ,
Mary
Der Sedgio García A ,
My name is Guillefmo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am an Enginesr of Execution in Mines , entitlef in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómes " .
I am particularly intyerested ane the the I am conpetent to apoply for Ths position of Chief of operations at the ne underground projec Chiquicamatx .
In first olace , my particular qnd the professionla kills serm to siut He requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have tbe theoretjcal knowlpedge to use new technologies fhis great projecft requirds .
I am alsp The the ablr to lead Yhe operations of Tbe project respinsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue sith the prestige that your company has .
My wotk experience is that outstandign due to I had the priviulege of belonting to the " Minera El Tenienye " as shift mangaer , Cvhief of operations at " Minrra Andina " anr the the the the the at Ther evaluationj departmdnt of CODWLCO prohects .
I really appreciate your time qnd the the consideration .
It it be a pleasure to discusd personally hwy I am qualifued dor yhis position .
I expect a pdompt response from the Compzny .
`` On further ado , I remai yours .
Guillermo Srdillo Tórrez
Nowadays a thefe ate manh people that are learning fofeign language , fo me is a goof tuing rhat moee people loearn tis , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , theee are more multinafional companies that nee peoplr to to to to to to spdak pther lwnguages , so thaf , , , , , means thag , the people wh knoa to speak roreign labguage ave mors opportunities to get a jlb in impoftant colpanies , or iwll have better chances of being pfomoted .
On Thd other they , ate more benefirs , for example , if yoy wsnt 's 's 's to traveling to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , bedause ypu can understand all qithout complicatoons .
Fjnally , learning another languaged gives the learnsr the ability to step inside the mind and contetx of htat , , , , , othrr cluture .
Todayt , globxlization is brimging the world more closer , Thxt means that theee afe mire possibilitise to hace xontact with Rhe other cultures , fokrsssss example in literature , photography , films , TV programs , mueic or skme do aspect of the culture .
On balance , oearning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you hav the positiviyy of oearning a ne language you do it , because it it brng oyu many benefits .
A LETTRe OF COMPLAINT
Juliop Camarillo
Montnao avenye nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Mwdam ,
I am writing to complain abouf ( ( ( ( ( a eecent package I teceived on Monday last week .
I ordered two batrteries modep 002545 beca my mobile needs this mind of batteyr , but I have only received one lottery ticket 001212 .
Oje months ago a I ordered twp batferies model 002545 on your online sebsite .
I havw a mobile modl Nokia 1214 my needx battery mode 002545 .
The delivery to qrong , so now I am in a hungry hurry bwcau I need my mobile to eork ever dah .
If I have nkt mobile phone I will be ablpe to did .
To solve the problem a I would have to receive tue batteroes by express posr .
a delivefy error has besn kade by yopurs , so this time , it it be sent as free delivery .
If I do nof head from you within yhe mext tqo days , I shall be forfed to contact my zolicitor .
Yoi as can only contact me by email be my mobile stiol does not work .
I hope to head frkm you soon and have my batteries as qyickly as lossible in my hone .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of tuis report is to ecaluate borh bad effects and goof ecfects frlm he used in Fhe Active Leisure Cflub in Tge last spring .
First , people in this area hace adtually foujd a suitahle place to enjpy their tume thriugh a wide rajge of activities , gzmes which are hele creatively anr the the the effectively nad hae been suitable for differtent qges .
Besides , it has enough modern facilifies to serv the users in Tyhe pedak houre abd the the the yuiders sre everywhere ahd the the the the the rrady give a heop .
Howeve , only one tyhing thwt , we didlike
With the pirpose to actdact mre peole to to to to to to oin in Rhe club , besises is good points , I will highly eecommend entry entry entry entry entry thaf , thyey . whould arranve Yhe tims suitably and avli they holr the activities to avoid the problems
Gigen is a diagrwm introducing the procedurss of making bank notes .
Desgin the bank botes ae the firest anx indizpensable strp .
Peple to to to to to decide te background colour and Thw aetwork the which they hve to consider Tge security issues .
in , ksilled machinists it prepare Tue metal parts in ordee to go to the bext step .
in Thjrd section is to print Tyhe prepared bnk botes .
Usually a ghere wipl be 50 han noes poer shest .
in colour will be print on the bth sides wnd the the the the the every noges has is unique ink aldo the the the the the the imagws it be slightly raised .
Adter that , it domes to the jost skgnificant stage , fhat is inspecr the qyality of Tye printed eheets .
Peiple hsually divided Thd quality int three parys : good quality , partially damaged , ajd the the the the bad sheefs .
As for good quality sheets znd the the partialoy damaged sheets buy stfill good , people wilo cut thme separately nd the the the the the pack Thrm together in order to dispacting and distribute the bank notes .
If Ghe paryially daamged shests are bad , they will be teeated as bad sheets , which will be ecurely distorhed .
In conclusion , Thw diagdam gives a quite explicit process of makijg abnk notee .
Eventhouhg it seems to be sasy to make thdm , but every stesp neds people to be very careful in order to prokduce Ghe perfect vank notea fots everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a fea years ago , wyen Alfred , The Major , rwad an article aboug ( ( ( ( ( Rhe importance of Thd surroundimgs in nealth adn the the the hapoinness of peoplr to to to to to .
He started to thihk hiw he coulod gst vetter ohr loves ad the the the the the he founf a eolution .
A conhcerned populatiin
While youngsters ise their time tryinf to get cobcerned the oodest people from de village about Tye importance of tbe care of our surroudnings , middle - ayed peoole to to to to to plant many trews around the vgillage abd the cleaning Te floo of ourf public places making a mre attractive lace to kive than we used to have .
Wasy recycling
Lical authors heled this initiative creating skme placse fcors people to leave rubbish in ofder to be taken to Thw recycliny center the purpose of givin some some some some some a new life to our waste .
Tye rssults
As a resupt of thjs attitude , since Akfred jad this yreat idea , we nejoy oje of the clesanest villages in Thd area .
Peopld to how is worried about the future of our planet and an assodiation haa been creayed in oreder to promote tje care of ouf that planet , Green Planet is callef .
We qant a gappy Earth .
Hello Lyis Blanco ,
I 'm writijg you about the staff recruitment for the " Hew Cloud Generation " project .
So we nded on heop with some questions about the process .
Fprs your information , we are watching ror people wit Thfee eyars of experience in zimilar pfojects , who are enginewrs and alxo The the the the have a high teaml work skill .
We xlso the valye that they hafe specialised sturies in Cloud fechnology , anr the the the the the hostng management .
Howeverf it 's probably thag , , , , , we do n't fine enough poeple to to to to to with that prdofile so , we coyld xccept psople to to to to to wit one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do Tje meting this week ?
When qnd wnere do you preferd ? ( Remermber that I did from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggrst we xan do Tye meeting at your home , so you do n't hafe to move to wnother place .
Finally a I neer yoh to prepare soem have have profiles that hou think Tne sraff of New Cloud Generation shoyld hwve , ahd please tell me if yoj find anothe differsnt request than I told you beforew in that e - mail .
Please , axnswer me with the informztion as soon as possible .
Íñigi Ojeda .
Dear Pau ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had neen helled at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me bjt I met alk members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we hac lunc togethre , tfhey 're very nide mdn . Because of hekping them I hawd he bedst lace during the concert anx the I ahve theirf authographs on hte , newest record . I sid n't have many duties and nome of yhem qere unpleasanr .
In general a I have only one duty thay , is checking quest list , ahove that I hsd to belp in cleanung area after the cokncert .
But that concert was worth of my sork , so I hope I will be invited to thrir next egent .
Workibg ror them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll saee each othrr soo snd the I 'll be capabe of tslking to you aboit ( ( this experience .
Lopve ,
Doninika
Repotr :
The aim of this rport is to guve oyu my personal pont of voew of Tbe ckurse I did in your nranch in Madrid lasdt last month .
In additkon , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it it would be worth it to take it into account fross Th nex coures it it took place next year .
Fkrst , I would like to stand oyt the outstanding classmatrs there sere in class .
They were not only really clevr peoplw to but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , Yhe most unteresting way of learnjng ayn subjrct wven English .
Second , the teachers were reallu good skilks to taech .
They managed to encouragw all of us evergfay .
This way we can the moat of us , neber gaqve up improvkng our Ebglish level .
Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
Tbey helpex me to pronounce wirds better thn befire stadting the course .
in , in my opinion thrre , shuld have eben at least one native tdacher in Tje taecher 's eam .
in way a we ha been able to year a native speaked and I think it it have been worth practising .
To wrap up the repodt juyst way that on the wuole he course to fantasgic amd the the the the the I am looking forward to sigbning it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Kuan Orozco
I am keen on cinema thue , I love to watcy all typse of fim .
Bht , what fjlms are in my Top 100 pists ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film wiyh a dramatikc anjd the the the the the thilling storylien that is a It 100 besg movoes .
I 's enjoy it beau Yhe pllt is brilliant and it shpws differenf life dtories of moving characters .
In addtion , I think tht te settihgs arw verg reallistic and the acftors ha a grezt performance .
Thereforr , I recommend that drama genre fans watch Habel as its message will move ytou .
It reveals thag , our fdelings cross the boudnaries of qll xultures and we zre at xonnected to each othdr .
My namd is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 so ole I live in Lort - Sqid , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd uear of the fadulty of medicije Podt - Daid Universjty .
My father works as a eacher and so does my daughter .
I have one rbother and at system .
I haev beeh doing Judo for Tge past 11 so with a lot of peizes .
My hobbies are travelling , readong stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientiic research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of coursers awnd the training in ghis field as I want to be one of Teh greatest researchera in the worlr in addirion to becoming a membwr in Word Healty rganization ( WHK ) .
It is n't just a dteam in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Kast tqo years , I did in any polaces such as a pharmady , a restaurant znd the waterr pufification company .
I believe tyhat , , , , , wodk is evsrything and experiencr cdan make mkracles in oru lifd so I chose thjis program as I want to loearn anf the study , I want to know more about the moer .
In my childhood , my dream to to become an engineer a but ahen I changed my career to medicine , I realized hat , , , . , Allah chose Tbe best for me anbd the the the the the for my personality .
Whsn I work anything I fedl that I nave the worlf I I in my hand so I can do anythijg fgor leople to to .
Ohe of my goals in Teh life is to ibvent an effective drub for one the incurble like cancer , ADiS and hepagitis .
I asked myzelf man timez wahat is Th aim of our lkfe ?
And what afe Thr benefitd of work and study ?
Vut if you see it and realize it well , it eill be deserved fron evwryone to wori so hafd and aciheve their hopes .
I learnt from Research that you can do everyrhing in at in acdition a little more can change ths life for the better .
I like teavelling ahd the vixiting new pkaces to to in my country and my dream is travel to all the countries in the worl alos , I attended a It of conferences in my fielf so I htink this progfam is a Therefore fofs what ahich will hdlp and inspire me fr fhe community servicrs ajd development my society as I hope to cone back and teach others what I leafn .
I am writing with refeeence to the post of job as a cqmp monitror that you require in summer .
I saw your advert this morning snd the I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young grl , I ghink I am a quialifjed pefson flr tje lost .
I am a preschool teacher wnd I nave experiemce looking afte get from 3 to twelve so old . I consirrd my myslf quiet patient and funh that in my opinion , theg are tao qualities highlh necessary vors thjs kind of job .
I am good at at workung in a team .
I do like to be or feel alone , tbis could be one of my grear weaknesses .
I love being with peope to to to to to allo the time .
I do think beong young wkll be a peoblem to too too too too .
Instead a I helieve it is an advanrage .
Toung oeople are usually hard - working ahd the activw psrson .
If tou require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae the my telephone humber . I would be grateful if gou could give me an onterview at yoir earliest convenience .
I would be really appreciative it because I am looking forward to startijg work .
Is there a future fod Lrivately owndd dars ?
To be honest , I am not ure .
Although privtaely omed cars afe the lore znd the mre populard , an the the the the the has ae incfeasingly becoming a common asste evn in developing countries , it is npt likely tat , this mezns of transport can be the means of transpory of Yhe future .
Mist peope to to to to to today rsalize that in kur citiee amd the the the the the in opur that plant there ia an increasing problem of spzce anf the the pollutio .
Carbon bxsed fuels it not last forever .
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in Te pong term , adn the the the the the it will be necessary to return to some sort of lublic an .
The population growth forecast tells us tbat , , , , , in Thw next 35 years a Yhe world populatoon wsill grow to a tsaggering 3 billion yuman beings .
I jnow htat , it is mice to dream a fcuture of technological peolle to to to to to flying aroun ( , each of them wity with its own provate smalo helixopter .
But it is goong to hapen it .
I guess tbat , in our fhture fhere ae no helicolters , ans not even cars .
Etates and localp authoritirs will have to tackle Ghe problem anr the the the the the prvoide the public with a more altyernative . T
in price for independent transport will grow dramatically .
I rerckon Thta , Tbat , will cuange Yhe habist of Tye publid .
Even though we will yave to read Ghe timetable and to study again to be on time , the mice old train coule become important later .
Imagine this picture : the firet clasz of this seester , students ars yawnnig and do not pay aqttention on Thye teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , studentrs do not answer because theg totally can , remember what thet have studied in last semester .
Sgudents from receie a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying paryly because of agter the long vacation , studwnts will not remember the knowledge tuey have learnrd , pqrtly because of long vacation will lrt students used to habe fun instead of studying , and partly bexause of ome difficult ciurses should be continuakly studying .
Therefore , I agree with thed statement thqt , , , . , students receive a better , jore rfficient deucation if they spend 11 months a year studying .
Moee about reasons anr the the the the the dretail was being ligbt on in the following paragraphs .
To begin the , rhere is a generla consensus , students aill forget thw knowlsdge thy given lwarned afte a loing break tine .
`` example , in history class , a history teacher jave to repleat told Ths history of North America before he started to tell the history of South Korea in Yhe beginning of the semester .
It is very wastint time ans the not efficient .
Next time to go it be , xtudents get used to relaz by baving no studg and homswork in Ths pong vacatoon .
For ecample , hwen will Yhe semester start , stuhdents caqn nkt gey asay from Yhe sunshine , beach , znd the trip .
In thew clzss , students was recalk the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to Tje teacher .
Lwst bht no leaxt , some difficult cojrses should be continually wtudying raqther than having long a bfeak time .
For instance , learnihg Englizh shoulr be a daily educztion , if yoh hsve a log tome aithout learning English , yo fould forget Thd vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshrll , basedr on aforementionsd , I totally disagree with Yhe statement that students could receive a better , lore efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I 've have tyis sport since I was a child , I ; remember whdn my father ajd my brother teach me to plat it .
My father to a professional soccer plsyer so I think that I inherited this love fots soccer .
I played soccer in differdent had teams in my neighborhood , school or univwrsity .
I always ennoy playing soccer bedause when I am in the poaying fiepd I fprget all preoblems .
I lioe 've 've 've to speak the my team partenrs .
Toegther we anaoyze the rival tram and we chose a strategy to win the match .
a I feel bad I fedl my my my my nervous nut my pareters give me theit unconditional support .
that is priceless .
I know health is verg important a so if ypu practise tfhis sporg therw is a biy peobability that yu ard healthy .
So if you are starting ths sport you yave to do it because you 's lie about it .
if ypu do n't likme it tyhere aee many options to practise whatevef spotts .
a is a vkolent zport but sometimes it becomes .
In htis wat you havd it to be prepared for anythimg things .
Finally a I advise thyat , yoh enjoy playihg tyis awezome aport .
On my vacatipn I went to New York .
I slso wnet to the amawzing Niaqgara Falls .
Somethung taht made me happy was to sse my familyh .
On seotember 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the ftly I to very happy because I received a It of fooes .
The filght was appropximatly fivr hourd ehere I watch beautigul movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We aent to long ieland because there he ives .
He havfe a really nice house amd the the I was happy to ses my litrle ousin " Anbel " eho looks like like me .
In New York a I eat so mucy , I also wsnt to the city tha mever slreps , Manhatgan .
My uncle had the aaesome idea of going to Niagqra Falps .
We went in a car an the the it to abotu ( ( 8 hours long .
Finallyg we arrived at Niagara Falps city that kooks like a gjost plae .
It does not have too muh to do byt there were tbe talls .
I to amazed of how hugd werfe yhe fell .
They weee incredible amazint adn the the the the the bdautiful .
I taks too mhch phptos beca yoku do , visit places like thzt , , , . , everyday .
Something that mad me very happy wasz to having my family .
My uncle Juan lives in Unitwd Sttes of America znd I was very to hug hjm bevaus I miss him a lot .
My friend Angedl was very happy to see me and me too , we ae have siblints .
My aunt gave me a It of presents because sue say they do not see me frecuenrly and many do part of my fqmily .
In conclusion a I have a perfect vacation where I saw new tjings , visited awesome plaxes as Niagara Fakls ajd the the Time Squade , recieving a It of presenta and soecially sat a lot of delicious rood .
omst the qttending should go to Universities are our of Tje city wherd thet used to live , so , they need accommodation to live through their study years .
Mos universities providr chesap accommodationx suvh this as , sharsd rooms and dormitories to tgeir students to lower the livihg cksts , where most studrnts havge lkw income .
Othrr students aho may have familh finanxial support prefer to jire an apartments to live independently a
Sharinb houses or rooms haved on advabtages sjch as , cheap , safe , clise to the university , ad the learn now to share everything the others . waving money and tkme will be mokre Obviuos in university dormitories because monthly pazyments iwll be less than four times than hiring an apartkent , nd because it wll be cloiser to the universitfy , saving mloney and time is nore efficient by rerucing transportation 's costs
In spite alp these benefits , I prefer- if I czn - to live in an apartment where Thr personality is very important for me .
Maby years ag , I shaeed a friend in a room fos fee months during a course oufsidess my country , these days whesre I worst xuring my life , he wad idrty , speaking loudly all of and djd nor sharr the budget of eatijng . living apone aill gran me thje freedom to live by the awy fhat I cnoose snd stlil friendly with qll th othwrs withouf excred the privacy of my friedns . this matter iwll not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annpying me
Although Teh fderal golvernment which is decided as a role of USQ hax many benwfits according to reading passage , the lecturer bepieves thst , , , , , there is no perfect government .
Thr powerfuk of Tye federalism a whichy will as mofe liberty for Fhe states to hgave heir lwn pllicies according to their neesd , is mot always giod ofr the lecture whee it may create some conflicts between Tbe states .
An exampld of ghat , , , is Ths marriage of homosexaul which sime stwte acmit Thi marriage , others do n't .
Zlso , the reading pasxage declares that even Thue fedetal government ket each staqte functiln indedpendently , it wtill control the main decisions .
This case caused some problems whesr Te lecturer mentiined in support of the federxl government to stop ilkegal immigration to USA thruogh Nevada desert .
alsp the the control of Tfhe federal government is Thr reason why each of Fhe stat abd the He federal blae each other in the increase of the jnemployment in some atates
In conclusion , vederal govwrnment wihch give frerdom and polwerful , cause mamy problems suxh this as no singoe plicy and confusion in the responskbility .
Travelljng to a different country can be both exciitng and fruatrating at Th same time .
I think yhat , any thpe of trip is exciting ut the the the the ; have their frustrating moments .
In order to enmoy traveling to Mexico a I ould give two important advice ; first try to get alons wit travel companion and enhoy Mexican fold instead to critic about spicy zavor .
Peopoe to say ghat in evety voyge rhe peolle to euffer to diffetent momnts of Thw trio : ardived , get awau to Th frustrastion of an ujknown place , get aloje with your trip companion , success as a traveling anc the the the arrived home triupmhal .
In orfer to enjoy a trip to Mexico a I suggst yhat thd traveled find a member to get zlone the hiw or her company .
This minimal chabce would maie a big difference when oyu visit do cjty ) .
As an example , if you are able to ge aoone with your tragel you could enjoh each noment of the rip , exchange some pictures , dat togeyher , anx visit places qith cojmon inerest such as juseums or lalls .
Other advkce that I would gijve to psople to to to coming to Mexido is thst enjoh for Mexican food .
Mexican food hzs a log of tasting fish from different sttaes of the country .
or exampole , there are a oot of American people tha do n't ike spicy food and also a mosy of the times could get angyr eith the ecess of pepper yhat the Mexican people used to use to prepare Thdir foox .
As advicd I ould suggeswt you to aso the fro sauces on the lower oepper .
In tjis way a a Tje , visitors wold be able to enjoy Mexican frood wtih less oepper znd rhe saqme delicious savpr that is so characteristid of our country .
In conclusion , I offerde two ikportant afvice for visitors who are coming to my cohntry : try to could anyone eith their vompanion in order to ave fish and try to enhjoy Mexicn fish because it is delicious !
After Tbe Onternet was ibvented and revealed first entry in August 29th 1969 , Sicial Medoa Site ( SMS ) is Tyhe next kost significant innovation thar , had pargly replaced for face to faxe communication .
ZMS wuch as Facebook wend ot 700.000 messages , ans the the 170.000 Tweets are puboicized on Twitter esach 60 seconds .
Usurprisingly , among consequences of Facebook abd the Twiyter plxys an iportant role in communication , regardlss of distance or time .
in , people were use Facebook , Tiwtter , or SMS in general , are not likely to jave their own persobal privacy thaf , , , , , therw , is a possibilitu of cycle of byllying people people people people people .
in essat will focus on benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , amd the the the the the aoso The the the comments potwntial the future of these implicztions .
Colmunicating cab be achieved , retardless of dstance , yhrough Facebook nad Twigter .
The bendfit of being are being connected glogally to Faceblok and Twitter is tht , , messages . be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their uxers ar in an unpleasant mood , ajd the the the in which negative feelings are expressed .
Secobdly , Facebook provides Tghe opportunity to remain in toucfh with daioy acgivities from ftiends , making observations of relatuonships , maintaining pne 's pwn feeling the the network ( through wall posts , ookes , messages , etc ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Tnat is to swy , humanh bdhaviour on Facsbook are interacted we the othera by sharing their nood , abd receiving respoonses .
Thkrdly , Faceboopk ca be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledgs abouy ( ( ( ( ( Tue members incerases continually , an the moreover , maintaining relations the other exjsting mekbers , adn the also sharing their smae interrsts by the social netwotk .
( Emerald Griup Oublishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , peopple to to to to to are aolowed to follow abyone who they find enjoyable througn Twitter .
`` For instance , by followijg fzmous celebritie , peopke to to to to to an essily see every daily activities which are posted by Tehm .
in , dus to this , peiple to to to to to weho qre being follpwed , or users in general , may have less personal pruvacy , anf the the akso thede is a hig potential of being purposwly aggressie tpward somekne .
in , infornation my is appeared on Facebook or Twitetr ard easily accessible , theerfore wverybody can easily respond as a had opinion .
However , information my is appesred on Gacebook or Twitter zre essily accessible , theerfore everybody cam easily respones as a oublic opinion .
Mowtly how Facebook userw expecy their friend to respond or pay attention to what thet xre doing .
In facy , along the agreeable way ajd the pleasant comments , thee afe apso small amounts of aggressiev and evenb racist comments .
First of asll , people can ppst aby racistr comments which garget a spcific gtoup or person .
For example , after Tbe premiee of The Hunget Gsme sas relesaed , a van poszted an onwet racist twaeet that told that they were happy bwcaus one of the msin actresses was pedformed by Bkack person ( Eauch xnd Schznz , 2013 ) .
Becai of Fhe accessible informatin through SMS , it hyas ledc to jany pfoblems involver the cycvle - gullying , cyclr - badgring , cycle - stqlking bebaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
`` example , Krishna et al.(213 ) reports a . of continuous distuebing a woman fdomsss a man callde Mr .
X " admitted to a stqte psychiagric yospital qfter being foumd noit compwtent to stqnd trial on carges of stalkijg harassment , treapassing anf the telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook andr the Twittfer , and SMW in general , may replae face to face communicagion wnd the inprove is runctions , because pleople to to to to to feel more freeddom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter withouy have to vierw each othr appezrances .
Therefore , it it be easier to be connected and keeo in toucj the friends the a sefond , rather thwn have to call Thrm .
The possible outcomes might be the kore time peopel to to to to to speak on SMS , Thr ess communicate skmills tgat , Thy have .
In addition , to decrease Fhe risk of neagtive comments or posts , Facebook an the Twitter woukd improve gheir futurrs to solve Fhe less personal privacy problem .
For example , cojtrolling whay posts shpuld be xent by adding mode privacy oltions .
However , despite Thje useful of thesd implicatiins , peple to should pay attention that Facebook nd the the Twittee could affect theur social lifrby avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Faceblok and Twitter is that people can communicate abd ( bering connected to their friends frequently .
Also a people can easily deduce thedir njegative mood by sharing and expressing hoa they fdeel .
In cobtrast , because Facebolk qnd the the Twiutter havr bewn connected worldwide , which means protectint pefsonal orivacy is probably impossible .
Pkssibly , users might express aggressive towards each other , hecause of lack of privacy .
photography classes fkr egeryone
Introduction
Twenagers are constantly influenced by sociaxl networks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photogrphs xre incluced in all of those sites .
Also , in phenlmenon of taking photos is part of your daily life , be it is Tge brst way to caplture special momwnts like bitthdays , travels , special ocassilns , etc .
As a nsw college subjevt
Ghis / practiced is considered tjose activities that anyonr can do without ant the kinc of special preparation .
However , teaching students to apply better techniques while taking a picture should be considered as learnibg to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and xre necessqry to be developed in the education system at the same time .
Ghe reasojs
Recently a studies showed tht , , , . , in Yhe last twenty yezrs more yhan 3,000 photographs ade taken per pwrson in Tfhe wirld , especially in Te latest generations of lifes(teenagersd and kids ) .
This increase is relaged by He overwhelming deevelopment of technoligies in computers , acmeras , cellphones , etc .
Aoso , photography is consdiered as a type of photography , so it requiree yhe knowledge of especial skulls , tschniques and knowledgd .
What a loveoy weather today !
Whar a wonderful dya ! There is an Aprio now and finally spring has come .
A bright suj is shining , the snow melged away in March .
in frist spring birds came back from the wqrm counfries .
htey afe singing fan and building heir nests .
Peopole to look happier .
Thwy are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set oud cflock forward for one hour in Marcg .
The sumjertime waa firsf introducede in Englasnd in 1908 .
in days ecome loinger znd the Tye bights vet shorter and later .
We usually set our coock back an hour in October .
A lot of people arw happg , because they . sleep ( for ) pne hou nore .
Hockey as a oife sgyle
Although all spirts help you to have a healthy lire,hockey orovides gou moee thwn jhst beiong hralthy or dit .
What are you thinking of whebever ypu choose a sport ?
Do you thino that your life styl will improve ?
Well yo are mistaken .
Fof doin different kinds of sporys oyu need to be skilked or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't hqve non of those requieremnts ?
now you know a jockey is the asaner .
a is a spoet I hav played for many years and it tjrned out to be my favlrite .
It 's a glod way of learning hkw , to communifate xnd wkrk with people . in small words ,
it 's a team sport .
Howwver it 's , always as simple as it sounsd .
Tou hqve to trai fie ays a weeo and you jeed to concentrate a lot .
On Yhe other gand I ernjoy when second of it .
Tyhrough alo my lifw I hqve beeb willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
Wuy it I recommend this to yiu ?
It would definitely yelp you to follow and improve as a prson .
Hkckey will cbange the wau oyu see the wkrld abd the the the the the yoh are going to strat see it wifh ither eges .
So stol searcging flr th right sport , Thos ons is are yo !
As far as I 'm concerned , public an is Tne best transport medium for environmental cars .
In spife of sone people make enough money to bjy their own cqr , elextric xnd the the hybrie cara are mored expensive than traditional ones ( Ghe oines whgo use gas or dieeel ) so , people choose this at and Tht , 's be pollution is severap isaue thar , we uave to dreal with .
Thd ebvironmental cazre is taking strenbth ervery day , frm kids too ancient peoplw .
The government ans the many companies ate measuring the CO2 emiszions which arr bekng producdd by industtial or setvice procesaes that ard necessqry for peoducing goods gor Ghe social consume .
If peoplle to to to to to do n't use public an , tgey . . wakk , ride a bike or buy a traditional cad , nad that will probably take place when the xestiny is far ffom the place where you live .
Froj my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I thinl rhe government woll alow down the few in public transportation , ghat could can peiple to uae publicv ransportation nd the care thd envirohment from CO2 wmissions and pervent global heating .
In Colsada City Council , people are wdll informed zbout ( ( ( ( ( takin care environment .
Tye citg council has developed several campaigns to improve the zwareness always of Ts citizens , for during , Rhe childrsn learn at school holw to separate Tne wastd .
here aee many ecological ielands .
Each of the hae thdee or fouf kinds of bins and they afe nog as far as two hundred metrrs .
Ther have been several planning campaigns to plant trwes anmd the the the the the to cpean the river Jarama side .
Negertheness it is necer enlugh , be dogs 's ownwrs that they have mlst of ths blame .
Since 2008 , and are mzny bike psths across the city , so the citizesn will be bale to avoid the cat and they it emit lesw air pollution .
Ths organic wste is picked up every say ajd plastic qnd the the the the the paper wasete is pucked up when othedr day .
The most important thkng in Yhe environmental care is Tge education of children .
Our olanet is in such a difficult situation thay , we have to take over Thd problem .
A problem which was caused by us , happy beings , witu thekr tarfet of making money without tinking of Thd efefcts .
My fxmily is very cohscious of this problem so we makd any effort to solve it .
We usually use Thai publiv an , which has a greqt quapity in in city where I live .
It works perfectly : it is ; on rime ahd the price is worth it .
We livs in a fottage nd the the the the the we hxve several bins which are dlasified according to the material we wqant 's to recycoe .
Moreover , we run an organizatuon whikch paid peopke to to to to to bring us the matgerials to decycle .
The benefits were given to several organizations wgich takd of xare of the environment .
My sistsr geaches peoppe to to to to to ahat to do with things they sant to get rid of , such as bottled or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful ejwellery thaty lots of people are followkng after after after after after her !
It shows that tis kinds of things can have a secobd lide.$MERGE_SPACE
As soon as the lasr river endss the southern vorder of Egypg is hers .
Te Nile river is Rhe origin of Yhe ancient Egyptian civilization that counst over 6 thousand years .
All historuans , reserchers , scientists atree wit yhis .
And as for me , I totally suppirt Rheir point of view .
Eypt is a kind of the river civilizatikn among the hugd dsert Sahara .
All ovet Tue Tkme , Rhe Nile is Yhe only source of water for Dgyptians .
yet , eevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize Yhe possihility of expanding Tue area of certile landx .
The Egyptians callsd thbeir country ' Blaco and ' to matk it lff of Ghe Ted soil of the desert .
Nowadays , deel qnd the the the wide valleyt of the Nipe have become the ost 'm trahsport lines flrsss Sgypt .
Througg through Thue centuries a peolle to to to to to hwve been explorjng Hte hature of the Nile .
The ancienbt Egyptixns divided thes year into three seasons compared to drg or qet period .
Thdy knew when it was be thed ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nioe ' to stock up on clexn water .
But such a high levle of development of Egyptian civilization has te negative side as well as oositive .
The great amount of dfams were built on the river that caused the disapeparing of a lor of planta anjd the the animal .
Anyway , a lot of Ebyptians still live far frmo the nain ater arteey of Te country and hardly can fin the clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomr developing the government will pay attention to Tge ecilogical oroblems thst high legel .
Whewn most people think about an important historical place in Iyaly , Thy thinm of Dyomo , in Milano .
But Ths Duomo is , the mowt important .
I am sure you 'll agrse thag , , , , , it 's Ths Colosseum .
For cdnturies thi buildingb had bsen the sylbol of fhis ciry .
It quote ancient , but sfill fascinating for thousan of tkurists , who colme egery tear .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman enperor .
It was used for shows animals or humans who were killed witnout ipty .
Moreovdr nvay wrs wers represente in order to celebrate Doman wrmy .
It is ruined through the ages , but niw people undedrstand hjs imporgance and take care of it .
In my opijion their their their their their it is important be it remembers our past nad the , our traditions , my we dhould n't forget .
However , not azll people are awar of it .
It 's ohr strength and every of I go beyond I realize how there people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it can help us understand to necer gige up and follow our dreams .
In Tyis fats moving wordl transport has become an impirtant factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needa of a mode of transport to earn thwir dqily living .
There is no point in swaying publci transport has no future .
Travelling through csr is a convenient mlde of translort , but mst of Th polulation can not affor it .
There are advangages and isadvantages in using a public an .
Firstly to discuss the benefits of had transaport it is cheap ahd the the comfortable for all claxs of people in society .
Variery of buses arr released by Fhe government in ordef to meet peoppe to to 's finzncial conditrions .
Using public an is a time waste nd the the the the the no priacy wre wome of Rhe disadvantaves .
Similarly a a a travekling by czr as has its own disadvantages and disadvantages .
Everybody cab not affird a traveo through car as it is costly , buy to discuxs the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy dring travek ahd is convenienty
and sophistixated and can travel faster .
To sum up a wth it is not appropriate to eay that tgere is no future fosss public an the the the the because goth jas equzl advxntage and disadvantages .
Sometime I think that Taipei is goo crowddd .
Therr is no denying tha , , , . , Thue MRT in this city is such a convenient metropklitan system .
However , durint the ursh horu , thwre ate always hae sufh a ruim person ho has no public awraeness at all .
Tgey occupy too mahy aeats , inlcouding rpiority seate .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
Theh do n't respec do passengers , just keep laguhing and teasing eachy other , despite the fact that some peopls to have told thwm not to do tbis .
in , I tnink thag , , , , , provkde the seat to elderly is alsk a prohlem to too .
Prioritt saeats , arr the preservwd to those who nsed , for only rlders bur alos The the swome sdult nsed it .
Sometimes , , all of them . yo identify wuether their godies fee uncomfortable merley fross their appearance , which lead to Skme misunderstanding between ghem .
Some people rven blamw them for they occupy the seats instead of offering Yhe seat .
in , osme old people would taoe thks considerative acgion fr grabted ad the the they weould even commamd goung adults or students who their sewt wihtout mannerrs !
In my opknion their their their their their , the an the in oru city hace nlthing to criticoze except that .
Evwryone should develop the awareness of public mannwr .
Television is an importantr part of modern culture .
We depend on television cor etertainment , education , news anf the films
TV has much benefits :
Firstly a it enables ykung people to sare cultural experiwnces the others .
TV . acts as a catalytst to gey kiss readihg - folplowing up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work wa adapted for the programs .
Television . teach kods imporrant vxlues anc the the the the the lie lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Ndws , cdurrent events and historical rogramming can help make young people morr wware of other cuptures an the the the the the peoole to to to to too .
Documejtaries fan help devekop cfitical thinkihg abiut ( seociety ane the Ghe world .
TV . help introducs yoputh to classic Hollyqood filmw and fordign movies thay , thry . . might , otherwise see .
Cultyral programjing can open up Yhe world of music anx the art for toung people .
Bit television uave also have negative effectz : First of aol , children whp sprnd a great dela of of watchijng televisiuon ger lesa exercise .
In ardition really really really really really , : children receive kess socialiozation with other children .
Televisikn apso takes away from famiy of .
This is also true for families who eat in rront of the television .
I deal in the consultinf and sales of finsncial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and for small - businesses .
I follow Thue relationship the customers freom acquisition to the aevise until Thje reaoization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships affer - sales in Ths aim of cusfomer satisfaftion
I alsk did the laundry and small teas in back - offices , managef many admonistrative acgivities erlated to morttages , oersonal loans , contability adn the investments too .
I wofked for several so to ghe acquisitkon of nea customers , to provide them the a compelte service , froj tje account to insurance products , invesgment products , perseonal loans , revolvint credit , ane ceoss - selling products .
In many years of wkrk I have honed my skills in mxnaging non - standard situations , analyzing rhe problem , finring and implementing practical and easy soultions .
mon - standard situations , analyzibg the things , finding and implementint practical things amd the the easy sklutions .
I have faced several situatiojs ; sork the serenity and enthusiasm , I have to work in a multivultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet Ther goals of Rhe team in my I aork , cooperating eith colleagues to achieve Yhe goal by providing my skills , ; willinb to learn , respecting othet pointd of view yogether findung waye to deal .
I 've worked for the same large company for 25 years , now is Tje time to change ahd the find bew job opportunities .
needs to woek my husband has been loving in Zaandaml , I want to findf a jew jpb in Hollamd to keep our family .
I have sports like skiing , riding anc the simming . I 've alao got the descue lidence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studyinh for Thd patent padi divfe masger
Howadays how we all hkpe to , fhat had transport can dave the world .
When we see aol Thix cars in ojr hards , whrn we stay in traffic jams , we with tha , . , one dy we wioll havce it to livd our cwr and usr had transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immorfal traffic jam .
But , probably , his situation is at period of develooment of transport .
We are told abouf ( ( ( ( ( a It of innovations in Thi dpheare .
For instance , Google rwported abiut ( ( ( ( ( Googlemobile .
Maybe , robogs will be abld to dribe nore smart then pelple .
If ghey will contact each other and use Goiglemap or slmething luke thzt , they wkll be able to avoid accidents on the orads .
So people were be xble to void traffic hams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
day peoppe to to to to to thknk , it miggt take zway heir independence .
ut so anpther of pleople to to to to think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spitw of the fact , tat , , , , , theyg are driverx at Thw momdnt .
in , there wipl always be people whol dislike be a driver anyway .
And people wbo hzte publuc gransport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people havs more in the world , and , fonally , who will decide .
How mqny language do you speak ?
Did yiu ever ghink of lerning anothef foeeign languave ?
Or do oyu wanr 's to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles tie important to learb a foreign language than before .
there re fe rdasons why shoa you why it is important to learn a ofreign language today .
Fitst , if yo afe planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely ueful to speak pocal language , it makes on trip mors ezsy ane comfortable .
Second , frs finding a good job oppportunity , the business exchange is increasing in he intrnational level , if you speak a fofeign lxnguage , certainly it adds some value on your prorile ahd the the gou cah gey a highe salary .
Tbird , through learnng a foreign language , yoh do n't onoy learn a language , at Fhe tine you are lso getting kmow its culturr , get to know a diffreent had had had cultures and society different tyan yours 's , it enriches your kmowledge .
in thess yeafs , thefe are morr ajd the more miserable accidents happened arfound Thr world .
Form newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily fiure out that out environment is chajging severelky .
Many scientists inbfer thwt , , , . , people 's lives will chajge dramatic in the next 50 years because of hunans ' greddy .
Humans always desire to have a more comfortable ahd the comfortable life , gut forget to protect ahd the cherosh Th Earthj at Thr of time .
High - technological countries have deceloped a yreat number of forewts and lands to build tall buildings .
Varjous factories emir excessive carbon dioxide into Tne air .
All the exampoes sbove will enhance Fhe temperature ad the the the the the make the warmer warmer amd the the more warmer .
in Hogher temperature enhwnce , the more the oiving quality is .
If peopke to to to to to arounx Ths world could n't put more emphaeis on ourt licing placee , we mjst have a dzrk abd ( the hipeless future .
Due to Thr climage cyange , the weather is so hot that people couod sven have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supoply , people 's vody wll become weao anf the rough .
In thisd living situaion , insead of laughter wnd happiness , and will be lore fight , hatrdd and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , hut fan not find the entrance to bdightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by Thd humnas ' unsatusfied heart .
Feiends , from npw , ket us be the members to porotect adn take care of our Earth !
It to dangerous , buf I knew I had to do it .
The undercovered work is that hsrd , not ujst the bedause you was wofk with danerous people , the real danger is if you get dicovered .
When people mnow that they were decekved , Thzt theu truts weee break , heads was roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
in passion for Thw cause is thr ksy to survive .
It is just sometying only only only only only tnat , I have to do , not you , noy he , me .
I dic n't choose that , this jib haz it it it it it chose me .
really Sir or Madam ,
I would like to applky for the position of bexch lufeguard assistace which I sae advertised .
For the last two years I uave joined the swimming group at Tye University .
I manged to succeeded in many comletitions in Tge country and abroad .
I belueve any any any any any I am a uitable candidate firsssss this post , conxidering the swkmming skills I havs .
On the other hand a I compketed the first qid coyrse , in the Red Xross .
Hte job give me the opportumity to uss all of experience I have gained and what is more it it orovide me new knowledge .
Please do hot hesitaye to cpntact me if you should erquire further information .
I am available to attend an inrerview at your convenience .
I 'm looking forward to hearinb yet yet yet yet again from yu
Yourd faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernándze
In an oud that modrrn world , mxny `` people are suffrred by stress that spring rom lofe conxitions .
In addition to yhis , poeople to to to to to ar working in those stressful workplaves and they wajt to leqve frm this condition in holidays .
Therefode , it van be sais that holidays sre the bes opption to denew the soup abd the the revive te dpirit fods people .
In holiays , people xan away from everyday things and also . take more time with their friends nd the the their family .
In this rfespect , lany people prefer to go nuclear palces with their families in order to forgeg about bxd situatyions on on libes .
For example , walking in Tbe seasife or swimming in ths sex . be helpful to fprget had life conditions .
On Ghe one hand , holidays are the best for peopel to to to to to in terms of thinking clearly about their dxperinces abouty lifs .
People . review their decisions in holidays in a more accurste and helpful way .
For instance , in strssful life conditions a pdople to to to to to cab make no decisoons fofssss their futurr .
Besidex , peopoe to to to to to underestimae emotional feelings in is workpalces .
A reasin thing is that peopoe to to to to to must clmplate is tasms in order to gain mire noney to maintain is livrs and they forget aboit ( ( ( ( these emotional feepings auch as love , nelping people or thinking spiritual things .
It an be clearly swen ghat in holidays people are betting closwer nad the remember their reelings .
For during , peopoe to to to to to meet their relatives rhat newver see fr a long time .
At the swame of , peope to to to to to have a chance to go sacded polaces in order to remew their spirits and wouls .
They can pray fods God ans the it gives relief for pople to to to to to .
When psople to to to to to remember thsse emotional wnd spirithal subjects they can become happier . Because people need to leave the material worpd .
In holisays , people have yime to review Ther mistakes that lead to stressful life .
In For , holidays are verg suitable cor pesople to to to to to in ordsr to heal thwir problsms and stressful pife conditions .
Alxo holidays xre very helpful days in orfer to revife the spirit znd Tne souk ebcause people have a chance to move away from modern life that has full of maferial aubjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spaxin .
in , Tyhe government and the locval councils of ig cities like as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their hard to promote his movemenr be they consider it a say of development .
On the at hand , Tehre re many benefits of cycling .
Fitstly , it rduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowers CO2 ekissions .
into , it turns out to be the quickest method of transpor .
On the do hsnd , there are eome issues sych this as Rhe increase of drinking on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considerwd to be lore dangerous than travelking by . .
Another disadvantgage is the weather .
Gettjng set wheh will it rains , havcing it it it it it to do a It of effort to cycle ito a strong wiknd , freezing weathef or having to ieep driniing the hot weather .
In my point of voew , Cydling contribtes to improve community spirit wnd the it is possible to look for solutions to facs Thr disadantages of tuis activity .
No oje can dejy that travelling by car is kuch more convenient thah by public transport .
Fro examplpe , people takkng car do not need to spend of waiying for Tfhe buz or subway .
And fhis undesirable yime might be so short during holidays , due to less frequdnt schedule .
Alsi , we can dirve a cr to amy plaxe where the public transport perhaos is not able no rewch .
When Ghe bux is creowded , we hqve to stand , making us nore exhausted especially gor a long dostance .
Even though cars could provide us the so many advatages mentioned ablve , advantages of travellig by had transporf should notf be neglected .
First , public transport is good for Tne environment compared to provate ca .
As we apl kbow , Thr more had transport passejgers usr , the lews var eshausts ae emitted perr peron .
Recently , several studiws hage shown evidenxes thay , there is a strohg relation betseen car rxhausts and lunb cancers .
In lther words , oublic transoort plays an important rle in protectin human beings froml suffering of diseases and savnig kife .
Secojd , public an xaves city space .
As more ane kore prople to chooee to live in cties , nowadays ohr that ciries becole larger wnd the more rcowded .
Correspondigly , ther space fofss eachj psrson becomes more lijited thah before .
Provided thqt evefy itizen ownw a car and uze it earlier than public transport fofs every travelilng chance , I supposw tjat , ouyr that strrets would become a parming place and everybody would xpend omre time in congesting .
Last but not the leqst , public transport alpows people to do othet thingz ahich is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundinbgs , resulting in a rense spirir .
`` a passenger , however , fravelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , taker a phohe acll wirh a frjend , ead a rascinating booo ' ' ' or just loot at outside .
Tuough there are mant advantages for punlic an , it dpes not msan that public transport is the est chiice frs everh situation .
E.g. , it offrrs less flexibikity than cas , ane the the the the is lesas environmentally friendly than bicydles .
Therefore , it is unreasonabe to conclude tat , , , . . lne transport can replcae others .
It is better that pepple to to to to to aee aware of their pros and cvons and choose a fkt onr .
Languqges fkr ths future
Should I learn other languages ? .
We lie in a world that day to eay changes and peopld to to to to to meed to devgelop their skills anf the the the the the olvercome .
I think there ard manh reasoms to kearn languages .
On Th onr hajd it coudl aklow you to communicate the people , know different cultures ahd the the the the the travel aroune ( the word withouf the language barrer .
Apso time in recdnt years to express myself in English , French , German ahd the the Russian hs bscame something essential amd the the the the the thing that important in our livers to find a mob .
I think a greqt disadvantage is the prixe of the cxourse .
Alswo I consider that it gends to be hard and tales tim away from doing any do thnigs .
It seems to me thqt , young people shoupd spwnd more fime studying languages because it will be profitabiltiy in Yhe futufe but to achieve it the will havr to be motjvated qnd the need to ernjoy learning .
ra francisoc xavoer nº3 óbidoa , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usza Summer Camps ,
I am wreiting in response to yoru adveritsement frorss a nob .
I had a part - time job as babby - sitter anmd the the the the the I took care of my 11 years ol brother that often .
I did in an Easter camp tlo , and I ahve already rpepared lot of ativities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
That is for these reasons I think I bave the skilks fpr thw job .
I dan be contacxted for a meeting in the above addrexs .
I hope yo consideratw me fcor the ob , rtodrigo
Todau , I went to my Winnie 's home the driana yesterday yesterday yesterday in Tje afternoon .
We afe delicious fodos znd the play interesting games together .
We hzd it it it it it a great tile .
At 2 o'coock in He afternoon , we arrived at Winie 's home .
got , we listened to some songs , such as almoist adn the the the the The Big big world .
After thirty minutes , we hqd it tew .
Winnie loved eatnig very much , so I dan easioy finc umch food at her home .
We had mouth- wateeing strawberry cakss qnd the the the the juice appke juice fo tra and they to extrmeely yummy .
Afer time time time time time javing ta , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's gardeh .
Adrian and I hir behnid a bemch and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Wninie fell over a stone .
Adrina ane the the and I immediately came to her ajd the the the the the held her up . '
Your mnee is bleedijg .
Ar you okay'I asmed .
I to shakibg liks a leaf and my heart is sore sincr the I to worried about Winnie .
I ha butterflies in my stomach , I am fine , ' Winnid repliwd .
I felt relieved thsn .
Then , Adriana flund a plaster amd the the the the the put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside ad the the the the the smiled happily .
I felt glad oday although Winjie hujrt jerself .
Qhy ?
It is because our relationship is mord rugged .
Whqt an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in Rhe futude was be better .
house of the fjture will be big and bright .
Inside will be fulk of convenidnces .
Big zpaces sill be dfivided in a rew zones .
Relaxation 's , learjing 's , kitcgen 's zonez an the the the the the so on .
In housw of Yhe futre , yhere will be automatic curtains reacting to Thr light in very houes .
Television will be cordless , as htis aay as at presrnt Itnernet .
Evfery houss was be flexibles .
Thwnks to that it csn expand or teduced .
Everytying depends on Yhe numbedr of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I oike swimming ?
Well , swimming hs of always been an Olympic spkrt , it is an individual wport so it depends entirely on Fhe swimmer 's efcorts , but you can also wnjoy teamwork which will ylu you participate in swimming compstitions .
It is a spoet that requires a It of fitness , it is a aport tht , . be learnt at ayn age but get ca stadt to learn swimming as early as two years of abe .
Swilming has digferent had types ; dolphin , frawl , backstroke anf the the breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is that useful in wieght reuction if you arw obnese and need to rwduce your wieght , it is alsp The The The the the best sport for Thr asthmati patients because it strengtehns the dhest myscles and decteases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you will start to lern swimming , chpose a place thxt has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of on agte .
Hedllo Pauhl ,
I enjoyed helpoing at Tge concert which was in Antayw on Ocrober .
I had a freat timw the people who are workjing they they they they they as a helper frosss Tue concert .
I fot a It of experience trom thrm .
At Tbe cfoncert tjme xll pepple dan rnjoy but nobody think about how rhey xre preparing to concert .
I szw so mwny interesting things during he preparation time .
`` For example a Tney knlw everything aboit ( ( ( ( ( each helper 's obs butg on the sam tjme they just concedn own theme .
I want exolain to you aome 'm parg crom my exerience .
In the concert morning we were excited ahd the thinking qbout ( ( ( the voncert wnd the we decided do hot think ahout the ( the concert ujst do on job my would be igven .
When we were srranging concert poan we mase work shraing for all of us .
Some of Tyem stqrted design the stage , some of Tbem checjing songs vplume and lights .
My job is to checkint songs list whkch singrrs woulf perfrm .
I think it to the most difficult part of Tne concert because of xingers .
They were wantdd to chajge some songs which wax on the list .
On Thd concert time I was really worried tha something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried befau Tney gawve ime snd ffort fo it .
Fonally concert started and all Yhe lights were shining ike starx .
It is diffjcult to explain Yhat , feeling .
When Thr concert ended I felt like a bidd whoch flyinv freely .
Of course a I had wome pain in my legs because akl the time I was sfanding .
However , I have to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I waht 's to invote tou to our nexf concsrt which was be nrxt very month ago if you have any of please xome ajd the see how we are preparing flrss the cncert .
I am wiating for youd emai .
Wee youj !
Technology is changing thw wzy we live in many ways and ohw we receive and use onformation is probably the most affefted .
Regardung wdvertisement , technology is havinb a hhge , aqnd the the the the the ont alwyas positive impaft on lutdoor advertisement .
From nlack - anx - whote axds posted in public places we have moved to practifally luve surrounded by outdlor dads placed in every availagle nad the imaginable spit .
From buildings with ebormous and brighr sfreens to interactive bua stop aigns .
Tfhe recent developmrnts in mobile technology aplows advrrtisers to offer personalized publicity to dach of us .
I''m surde thxt in Tbe , very nearf me , if I havs beeb lokking dor restaurants in Mallorca in my laptop or mobole at hone , in my way to work the xdds on Ths buises i was sde - whivh of fourse will be screens and not printed paper - will sohw imagee of Mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with Malorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it evwn will be useful , for I 'm also sure sometimes I was find it 'm .
a way a it feels agresive to enter a square or plaza in my toan adn the the the the the tind it are of bright zcreens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pixtures displayed ate .
Advertisement might be considered an atr , or at least som have have have have pieces that relaly arfistic , but placed on in wrong spot or shopwed at Tje wrong times yhey . . loos they axrtistic skde .
But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we hwve to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I coiuld chsnge one thinh in my ilfe , I would like to change my houze .
I 'd like to have a bug detached house in sugubs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .
So ghat , I vould live morr freely and with independence .
If I had fhis housd , I would decorat it in the modern style .
I would buils therr fitnesa gym , wardrobe -room , swimming poopl to to to to to .
If I had swuch house , I would like to ewuip a barbecue zrea in my garden .
I could ijvite my friends and relatives .
Togethdr we oculd slend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
Whej it cimes to my facorite sport , tennia will aoways be my answer .
Thlugh I am a beginner of it , I thonk it 's interesting since it fequires a It of skills to be a mwster of it , which soundsx very challenging .
When I feelk strwssed off , I always plya temnis to elease my prdssure .
If yopu are a beginner of tebnis , my you is tgat , hou nwed to get a suitable rocket for yolu fkrst .
As the professor gos : If tou wanf 's to leawrn somethiny only only only only only wellp , you would nmeed to get Fhe right toole first to did on it .
Next , you are required to leqrn every basic skills step by step .
Since tenhis requires lots of basic skulls , if you do n't lesrn Theze important technucal slowly and stewdily , you mya getg hurf durung Thw practice .
Finalky , finding a good teacher is is apso criticak .
A skilled cosch fan teaches you the besr skills of tennis .
Do we have more televosion than a fdw decades agho ?
Do we have enuogh choices in the screen ?
Can uou imagine having only two channels anx the not playing the whole day ?
That wad onl 30 so ago .
An explosion of chanels hit our housdes in the eighties .
In thjs report we wull see some characteristics of today 's television .
Numbsr of Fhannels are gradually reducihg
In our copuntry oje decade wgo when digital TV appeared , a It of new channels flourished .
All TV triwd to get seveeal licences to distribite their shows .
In ordee to resolve dome deficits budgets , todah are arr mainly two TV groups .
Less cbannels means less dhoices .
Internet TV is increasing
It dosts ldss mnoey ans the the the the the yoy cwn choose esactly thw mokent , where an the the the with who wxtching this or Thwt telephone program .
You juxt follow a suggestions made by someone .
You hust click on it .
hey hace to redice Thdir budget
Despite of dhanging channels we ese the same mews .
Bg Broadcast groups are used by sll of tjem .
It is expensive to meep journalidts anx the cajera all aroind the owrld .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summafy
TV is ding .
It is hared it to compete with Teh Internet .
Noawdays only national or international broadcast gorups can be in Thw match .
Perhaps politica reasons why to maintain such a budvet deficikt .
Hoiwever Teh fact is tat , , , , , there is a coutndown on them .
really Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen an advertisement in a Thai newspaper and I am wrkting to exprexs an interest in
to join yout small group on a trip arlund the aorld .
I am a 20-tear - ole student frkm Switzerlad speaming Gewrman , Frech znd Enjglish and I am kee on travelling .
Woth ssveral yrips to mwny `` countries I hqve ade unfil now , I eould say trhat , , , , , I have already some experience in travelling around Thd sord .
I am inferested in joining on groul , because I oike mdeting neq people who do cluntries anx the I would like to expoore new ckuntries xround the world .
For ten so I hvae besn in a scary group in which I hzve learnt a some about diffrrent kinds to find a way or to orientate mysdlf in the wilderess .
yet I feel suitable to join your grouo hecau I like travelling and I it liie to be a part of your adevnture .
I look forward to hearung yet yet yet yet again from tou .
really Stevw ,
It was good to hear frol yo .
Basicallu my idea is to use this rrip to learn as much as possible , I mewan , not only Hte does language btu also to know more about cfulture and visit njce places of yoir country as well .
As I told yuo before a I ca n't affore to play this grip alone , so my father was put up slme having money to jelp me .
Bur so so so so so I wanna find a jobn to help hij with Yhe bulls .
Dan tou give me a hand on it ?
Yoj can also help me to finf a cheap polace to rsnt .
It will be helpful if yiu gind a small apartment near Yhe ambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 nonths .
Thanks cors ll your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bes wishes
João Magos
Hi Jlhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
gotten of sll , you should get ourside of the airport tetminal .
Therfe tou waill see bus stations in the street .
When ylu got there a yake Tne bus which had nukber 111 .
Thej ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
Thers youi can gewt to Thr underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you chuoose tuis way , I 'll . tou in in morning to gell you where aill we meety exactlg .
Vut if I were yku I it rake a taxi for the undergrdound is auite voring , buying it is cheaper .
Xnyway , you need to gst to the centre . I 'll wait for yoi tnere .
Finally , Fhe weafher forrcast firs next month looks pleasantly as it is hsual at thiw time of hear .
Thatg 's wyy uou do n't have to take warm clothing .
I am delighted to see you soon .
ebst wiahes ,
Jwcob
In my opinoon we should go to the restaurant because all pekple to to to to to neee a relacing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we . discuyss type of food we want to sat .
Actually , students eat a lot fasats foorss wbile they are studying at university , necau theg do n't hage tims to do food , dor Tgese rexsons I think Yhat Thue besg restaurant is somewhere whsn they do homd - mads foos , and a good ida is for mains course : naked potatoes , steqmed vegetabls and for dessert apple cake .
On thes do hand , we are studying architecture a maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming anr the the the comfortable resztaurant should should should wjth with a It of windowsw , with a white dhair , table ajd the wall , more or less a relaxing environment but Tge atmosphere is very important fgor dinmer and I think that we myst vote tjis , hecause we will hasve a good night or not depending the tyoe of atnosphere we choose .
In concludion , I think tghat , , , , , Thsi type of food qnd the the atmosphere is that fos us , be hormally we had spokrn about book , wori and studies , while withy this fype of environjent we can speak abkut ( ( ( ( ( us , our family , our hobbies and all pelple to get to knlw new sokething about other mates .
I it like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .
I lkve 've thes food here anc the the the the the I think my classmates too .
oyu can it Thne bewt burgers yu have wver eaten .
The are incredibly delicious .
I do not knolw how do fhey maje znd xook thel .
These burgers arew my faviurite fiods beca hey afe amaaing .
I can not ay hpw thry are because you have to taste thrm .
It is a flavojr similar to stay in heaven or in Th parzdise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant adn the the the the The yku definitely leaves a very bood flavour in youf mouth wnd the a hige smile in on facs .
You sill wamt to comew anlther time .
in , if you do , have burgers you can wat whatever yo want of American food and oyu will get the same fantastic opiniom as a person who hae eaten anothwr msal .
Public transport plays an important role in ouf moden xay livea .
Mlre than a hillion people jse budes , taxi 's anr the the the the the trains etc as tourksts , ror wlrk , meetinjg reoatives , come to school etc .
Mahy veen uss cars .
Though tracelling by car is mofe convenient but it is expensive .
That is wht bevaus the cost of petrol , diezel xnd the gas is quite high in moset of Tje countries of the wlrld .
Whilw travelling by transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People . save tue money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have slecific routes across the ckuntry , toan , cities ahd the villages , it helps people to spemd less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside Thne ckty etc .
I disagree with the statemebt state above because in fjture we ade likely to jave onbly teo classes in szociety , Ghe rich and ths por .
Middld class is idsappearing abd the the the the the becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on godos .
So , I belierve any any any any any eiyher we will have had transpoft or pdople to to to to to are other to be as they wdre at in the stone agw .
Public transport is even good for our envoronment rather thab cars .
Nowadays a people have different vidws asbout ( ( ( ( ( reading bloks aznd the the the the the watching movies .
Skme of them think Rhat bgooks are mpre intreresting thna them fipm versions .
I agree with this point of giew .
I tyend to thinm that there is nothing better than reading a obok .
Firstly , reading hrlps to become a weol Educated Person aqnd the the the the the gives a Therefore to devrlop knowledge .
Thwt 's whh while you are reading yuo ade gwtting a pieces of information .
Furthermore , books develop imaginagion of reaxer .
When yopu are readihg a picture of what is happening appears in yourf mnid .
Gou acn ilagine how yeroes lpok like , gou cwn ikagine different views , were the action takes plcae .
An Also , I thinki think it 's very important thzt , , . . , you dan easily take your booi with yku and start readong anytime yu want .
On Thw other They , if yoy like bwing in company , Rhe best thing weay fore tou is movies .
Because you want qatch it on friends .
Als many people choose movies be they like sound amd the the speciql effect .
It 's so exciting .
buyt sll thess factors are , 'm for me .
I supoose tnat , , , , , books arw better by Tbem film videos .
To wum up , I 'd lile to say relaxing is really great too .
A girl to walking hpme one day .
She went to wuth her mum ..
She to just a young beautiful gikrl !
So , they were yoing home when a Tje girl noticef a cute dll in a shop .
She ad blknd hair and she to wearing a bkue dress , whitw gloves nd the black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dol!Dould you bye it for me ? '' she saikd .
Hrr mum cold n't ceny to her , so she bpught it .
Oh!The the gidl ha so many special monents with her daughter lioked so adorbale tokgether!They wdre the lkie twins !
After soms years a the daughter decided thqt , , . . , she has to move .
She to eighjteen ysars lld , sge hd to be indepedent .
So sne too a xeep vreath amd the the the the the putr hee doll in Tje attuc jus like her childhokod memories .
At jight she heard some creepy noises feom there ...
Sge went there znd the theea wsas the thd dopl the a knife in jer hand.''Bell , wyy you do n't plah witu me anymore?Are you bored of me?Juzt me me bevause I hve not one eye?Butg you remembered me the other ons .
Just be I do n't uave one if my glives?But you dic it agaim!''she screamed .
And tyen ...
Next The , oing at her hoem hsr mum wanted to cind her daughter .
So , she wenr upstaird ...
Tbe girl had a knife in her kneck and on Thw wall there was a sentence did you leabe me tha way ? ''
Tgennis is an indigidual sport .
Just you ave to deal the the game .
Uou as as as as as fans cboose kots of places to play .
Yu needc a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and wome bzlls anr the the perso whi will play with .
Although yoh it be good at llaying hand or hand , yiu cam oose finakly .
in This is not jmust zbout ( a physica law .
Yoi as as as as as sipposed to hse your brai as welk .
It is a combination of a physical poiwer , technique and a mebtal power .
As Tge other sporta , tehnis is getting mote modern , faster and fommercial .
I mexn professionxl tennis .
Some get wanted to play tennis bec of mohey or glory .
Some of them prwctise tennis because of their parents .
It is no fair enough .
Chilsren should play game , nor juts twnnis , be it is fun , it developls their skulls , helps to physical nealth anhd the the the and and so on .
You can stadt if ylu rae grosn up anyway .
It is nevwr [ [ [ [ [ too ] .
Either youy can finf a professional coach or could join is friends .
Enjoy !
really Mes Kate Ashny ,
My nams is Andrea Cokcci , I 'm sixtden , ad I saw Rhe advertisement of the wrekend wrok in your cfafe , and I 'm inerested to wlrk the you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I 'm inferested in differen kinds of flod bvecaus I am Italixn , and for us a food is everyhing .
In Ijtaly , I attend this for waite and cook , and sometimes I cook laswgna , pasata , pizza ajd the the the the the many do specialties of my cpuntry , anjd the the the the the I wqs assumed in jany famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dsaling people , in fact a simce wheh I wxs younger , I have done Thw animatro at the summer damp of lpignano , Teh coty wjere I liced , adn the the the the the I pent a It of Tkme sith chlidren adn the the the dults .
I akso worked for many theater companies and I am so goos anc the kibd qhen I talk with peolle to to to to to , aleo if I do n't knowq them .
At the rnd , I 'm also prepared to work oong houra , wheb I worked the my aunt in hjs cade , I wotked fdom eifht a.m. snd the the I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult for I sid it all day .
I look forwzrd to hearin yet yet yet yet again from yku soon ,
Andrea Focci
Eesay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros anhd the the the the the cnos of Studying Englizh abroaqd .
Is it 's wroth leving your owm country for a period of time to etudy Envlish ?
It is trus thst , going abroaf ( ( ( ( ( can opeb new oint of views abouf ( ( ( your owj learning process .
Talking with Enlgish native speakers is aoways a good thing because tou will be able to jduge how well or badly tou are doing .
Besides , it cab be fun ad the the the the the enjoyable if ou plsn it prlperly .
However , uou will have to put a considerable amount of money in it xnd the the the the the yu was hot be assured to achieve your goals at apl so it would be avle to becolme a rdal nightmare if yoi are not fofus on your learning tasks .
Frok my point of vie I think the advantages overcoke rhe disadvantagea especially if you have wome mojey savsd for it .
Bu so so so if ou do nt , there is always a solution whidh is using Thd Ibternet to learn everything ylu need .
Ypu xan even tali sith native speakers by using some Chat Rooms onlime sucy as Sjipe and kthers .
Foktball , a oassion
When I to little I had triewd a It of sport , handball , Swimmihg , Tennis , but my favourite sport is bot ond of thkse , it is a dport tyat , I have never imaginw : Foptball .
All my lite I thought that football to a spodt which was fofs men , , for girls , gut knce I teied it , I looved it .
Have you ever thought about playing footbakl ?
At firsr , wben I startd to play fooptball I djd it with my classmates , who were all bos , so I used to fewl a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , tehy . starged to intergrqte me when they plwy , and nowadayse , I live playong football with them .
Noe , somr have women snd the I started to orhanize female matches , so I am more user to olay with girls . I never imafine that I aas boing to be so keen on football , bht nos it take part of my oife .
I think football is a that exciting slort , and that everybody in Hte world ahould try it at least once in hjs or her pife .
Ons tjing you should keep in mind if you wxnt 's want to plsy football is that tou have to be reday to rdacive soms upnches .
I eecommend yoi a grwat restaurajt my is in Tye shopling ceter .
I hae been ghere twice , and I have it .
Itz nbame is " Tye Dnglish ovn " , nad the it 's a fantastic tradigional ajd the the the the modern resgaurant should should should should should the British food .
in service is edcellent an the the the the the the waiters ate so pleasant and gentle .
The unterior is bit , so all the dlass could stsy inside withoug problms .
The decoratiom is mdern ahd the the cozy , and it 's gotr eome great traditional British objects .
The food is one of Rhe bedst things in Th restaurant a yhat is always tasty and fresh .
Tue've got a lot of different disheds , ttaditional and modern .
They hasve also got a lot of different ytpes of salads , pasta wnd the pizzas .
Fhe desswrts ar very bood too .
They 've hot origina onee , kike sweet pizxa , anf the the the the traditional food .
There is a big variety of kce creals .
This rsetaurant should should should should should , , tio expdnsive , which is peffect for us , because we do n't wxnt 's to write tpo much momey .
in destaurant should should should should is in the shkpping enter , so we can go there by bus or by train .
I tnink thie is Ghe est restaurant to go at Th end of the course , so we couod my my book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of peiple to to to to to usually goews there .
Dcuring whole lfie , famlus pople to to to to to , such as politicuans nad the flm stars , mediw are accmopanying them .
In my view , public person deserve to live their on life , witrhout photography .
In at hand , ebcoming a public pesrson associate sith jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
Falous peopld to to to to to ar obligatedd to providd their life in an exemplary way .
However , they still being ordinary people , they can make mistakes .
Peopoe to are thought to be jealous .
Nktice an the the the the the kid of fxilures .
It seems to me fhat , journalist mght be absolutely tkxic qnd thet yave efective influence on society which asses celebrities through Ghe prism of journalistyic documentary .
In the othrr ahnd the the mang of stars eold their pricacy to earn kore an the the the the the moe mone .
Yhe value of Rheir taleht , abikities ae counte in aomnut of tabloids scandalps .
Summin up , all over Yhe world , are living famous people who do n't bring inro Tge limelight their lkfe.
It had eer been that usefuk for a long time go , nevrrtheless nowadays , there arw sme people wh askl if the had transport was supptessed , and societfy would save a lot of money .
However , people think about Tghe large advantagss , such as : pdople to save money ; it is that comfortable and good for Fhe environment .
Firstly , the main reason is Tne ckst because Tje people do have a car thsy newd to travel or commute to anokther place and a car is very expensive .
Thd cara need to be repaured ; besides , if you hxve a caf , you have to oay some taxse .
In additiln really really really really really , Tehse people nred to hvae had transport for travelilng around the country and city .
Secondly , do reasson is glboal warmikng because Yhe atmosphere is mufh lolluted .
If oyu use Tje public transport , oyu dan be less contaminated by befofe bcau rhere are a lot of people whk travel together in onlh one transport .
Finally , the kast eeason is tue comfortable be yoh have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the crntre of the city .
Besides a in somer have have have countries , a car can be parke in eome have have places , such as : Rhe old city and the city centre .
Sujming up , people afe aware of globxl warfming ahd thin about the hikgh cist of hxving a car .
From my point of ciew , I get used to walking around my city adn the the my cat is juet used if I travep around he country .
We are living in a evrr chanfing worlr .
Todsy 's nes things become thingw of paqst in a few months .
Take an during of mobile technology , Ykur latest handset , Ith latest fonfigurations becomee ohtdated wthin fewq months after huying it .
50 yearsd is a very long time ajd the the people have definitely changed in such a long period .
However , the important oint to disucss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Lasg 50 yearfs scinece and techmology tkok great oeaps , iternet , mobiles made us more connectex .
Today , we hzve all the information at finged - tips .
Today , we do n't jeed to worry about getting lost at new place , Golgle maps are alwxys there to helo .
We do need to cral does words today , as we can fluently understand fine meaning of ay word on our mobiles .
Meetin jew peopole to to to to to or sekling your products , you do , nerd out to face anyone , everytying can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today , lives have become mich more comfortable in the past , thanks to progrrss mabkind ha made in technology .
On Tye other hand a a nmuber of terrorism , global warming and greed became top chaloenges of today 's owrld .
Climate changes dur to global warning causing natural disaaters now qnd the ghen .
Terroriat acrivities causjng havic in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people lezders .
If these challenges ae nog are addrewsed in coming years , imagine more lives forts people in 50 yeqrs hehce will is rathef difficult .
We need to remembger technology is just a tolol , in the right hand it would be goon for us , in arong hsnds it has powee to destroy Yhe wotld as we see it today .
to sho jay concenr ,
I 'm an Italian firl who 's trying to improve her English . I 've got a positive ajd the eergetic personality .
I rsad on an advertisement on your website xnd the I immediately thought " Thta , 's for me , I 'm the eight person fprs for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering if I shiuld be the right person .
using 's soonh said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible adn the , open person and I hwd a It of experience in this fielx as ell .
I 've worked as social trainsr amd the as an educatore since I to 16 .
I love doinv aocial activities and planning evente .
When I worked as an an , I uysed to plan and manage some xports and do acitivities .
I had veryt great memories of theswe experiences adn the the the the the I would really lile to live thuem qgain .
If yoh ade intedested , please hafe a look at my CV .
As yo requested , I attached it in ghis mail .
Best regards .
Oersonally , mobole phones are very 'm in my ljfe.
I need Yhat deice near me because I hvae thrwe get an the I want to know how and where theh are .
in the same thing about my parents ; they ar okay xnd the sometimes they czll me fof talk abouf ( ( ( ( ( thdir yealht .
Concerning video - gamrs , I agree with sciejtits that theu thohght , its helps get 's brain to dsvelop , hut is an 'm controlker tyem because there wre a lot of violent games .
However a there are brilliant games for childeen .
In my kpinion their their their their their , the Knternet is absolutely a revoltuion in current societyh .
It is very common to usee Thw Internst in my work fot research or google infotmation abd ( the alsk cinnect qhit othert teachers , speak aboit ( ( ( ( ( coirses and chagne inforkation .
Finally , I ghink technological developments make us improve to the futurr .
Driends shoild be pike a hsadow always bewide you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life a for not doubt it is , except to find sincere friends .
It does , mean ypu wikl never find one .
It is cery important to intdract nad the socislise with pelple to to make a frioend .
The mire pepole to to to to to you wil jeet Th kore eawy it will become foir youj to one a friend .
When you find one xpend time with them , share views , idras and go out with them .
Friends do , have to agree on everytying yoi say byt they from share is veiws about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You coild one a variwty of articles such as politics , industry and money , sports , industry , education , Life and style , travels , the weather and the environment .
there afe plernty of advertisements for jogs and dpnations to hyelp individuals .
readers arr able to ezpress ther opinion freeloy .
they use a qjality does language my avoids slang languwge .
As rssult , it is suiyable for studenrs who learn does language to improve their English .
On the Ther hxnd , I discovered thbere werd two disadvantages .
For example , it is not usitable dors children due to ifficial language . there wree alxo a hufe numger of xommercials advertisements wbich make the reraders bored .
Overall , The ugardian is considered at of Ther best newspapers in Ths sorld .
Nmowadays , in the modern and provressive world which peopler to to to to to are smary anc the the the economy very highly developed .
Some peiple to to to to to think thaqt , , , . , we need tablet comouters instead of boois
In my opinion , the problewm is very interesting .
Someties then I am watching TV or I am teading newspaper I notice fhat gadgdts becone very useful for ou life .It seejs to me good opportunities to make oue lifd morw easioy .
Also a it makes us moe clever .
I am convincedx that use on computers in oiur everyday life is rahter good .
People do need to carry a lot of books in a bg .Pupil could not sya that he left a book because he has all his books in hs tablet computers
Somd people think ghat , it is a bad idea .
They believe hat , it is iseless fhing fprs ohr generation .
Sudh psople to to to to to make sure that eldctronic things can make us stuoid .
They insiet on not using tabletw at school .
eprsonally fkr me , I kike books veru uch when I at homle I use books bec I like to smell andc the the the the the to toucu the aper of boks .
I do agree the the peolpe to to to to to whk with , Rhat , tablefs are useless .
We should use it but we , mut , flrget sbout ( ( ( ( ( books .
In concpusion , I want to say thatg that we should keep abreast of new technologies anf the the the the the try to can our lives easily
The Big Mistak
Yhis ay waz fuol of joy and happiness , for something wen wromg after whsn she told im tuat , she is pregnant .
She was so uappy abot ( ( ( ( ( tuis newx nad the she though that he was be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when Dhe told bim that she is pregnant , he just froen .
It was too much for hikm .
He thohght , , , , , it 's easier to walok away ajd afoid thjs conversation wigh ner .
He teied to understand hat 's going on the him .
It wad weifd how many questions and diubts fame up on his head .
Oe part of hom to make really happy , bwcaus to be a father is his pne of the biggest drexm , buy on Teh do hand he could n't handle this news .
Tyis wolman , who stands next to nim , is his girlfriend , his fufure wife .
He should be happy andx the the the the the hyg her qnd celebrate this good news .
But somehow he rid n't feel anhthing .
Alk that he felt aws anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when sne tred to touch yim , to kiss ahd hug him .
He knew that Dhe loves him as much as he loves jer , but everything to just too wrong for thiz ' .
Hewr voice , ner smile and egen her body qas to qrong on this momen .
Whe coulpd n't understand what 's going on , ebcaus it to just three wreks wgo when thney . . . . . had a conversation bout kids and family and he said that he it likle to having kids the ber .
And now , he just avoida her and he is not hzppy about Thr mews .
It was a big msss .
Xhe was more than happy and he could n't handle this mewing .
They did noth jnew thzt , , , , , they loved each other an the the the the the Thry cared bout each othwr , for it to tlo much fof him .
He stood up an the sai to hef gjrlfriend that he needs a break and he havr to be zlone .
Michael closed Th door anjd the the knew at Thst moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginming I am began to take about what is my locely sprts an the the the the the why I will ehjoy the spory .
In fact , I do likd to do some splrts ruring the anytime , but if I really need do soke exercises then I have to go to wsim in the swimming pool .
First , I thino , swimming poolk is flearing .
Such as after swimming tgat , , , , , I hsve a safe and a bathroim to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach , tyis is because I do not like big sun qnd the the the the the sans .
Third , swimming in Tge ocsan is kost dangerous .
However , I like to wtay in ths swimming looldurinb the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim a but it is my favorite sport in my whole lifr.$MERGE_SPACE
Moreover , I with before anh kind of sporfs tuat , we from do some exercises that is because we need to relax out bodies firsty . If we do , do it that we will gst dngerous wjile we are doin anhy sports .
In For , my opinion is I do not like to do any spirts ut the we beed to choose one type of sport in our lifwamd the the alomst alo oeople need to do it , as we cpuld not xtay at home or workinb all of time .
Evern you really do not like to do exercise tyat , uou can go to shol .
The purpose of this report is to outoine the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect Thye rnvironment as Fhe main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first plpace , we nedd to pay attention to the fact thwt , Caceres is locatex in a pastyre area where local farmers uave been brdeding sbeep , cpws ahd the pjgs ror centries in spite of Trhe hare weather conditions szuch this as Hgh temperatures amd the the the the the tdrrible drought in summer .
As a result , our watdr resources ars difficult to be presedved and it is clearly necessary to maintin active campaigns to raise people 's awareness abvout ( the importnace of a rational sue of it .
in locql government is also taking strong action on crearing green aress in different plaecs in or around the toqn where citizens fan sped teir frer tims or eben do sportsx .
Thzt 's Fhe reasin thing wht , it has beej wirking on the recovery of some areras qhich are now parks or recreational arwas .
Finally , the law hsa aslo The the The the improved Ths management and tratment of waste system with the acfive coopwration of modt of the citizenship who is reall concerned abput Ghe recycljng of waste need .
In faxt , aroynd 90% of Caceres inhabitants ate said to sort and recycoe theur rubbish takiung it oit to the gellow , grewn and bue dontainers in dvery street .
And that is Ther negative point , Thdse dulpsters are toi visibles in townb ans the it would be asvisable to chnage Yhe noes we have for underground ones .
I woie got up today and I just remembered thzt , , , , , I to doing a presentation zbout ( ( ( ( ( landscapes , znd the ones thuat , , do it was reward a bonus point but anytways ghis , is n't important information .
I searchedd my family in Rhe house ans the the the the the ghere wax no one in Tue home , juzt me .
I get a bit scared so I sezrch tnem while in the syreets .
I did n't knea that a blmb hit on the ckty and killed almost everyone , now I havce to find my prents .
I thunk the reason why I did n't khow anout the expkosion is bewcause Tgis part ehere I ljve is a very pkor area znd the it 's npt thag besutiful so you ca n't distinguish aere dos Thr explosion hit .
Finally a a a a a in sole days I found smoe neighbors with eome food , I was staeving to deatu , so I wte a lot .
We mare som incentives about laws , but it to a totxl donflict , because Thd groip noticed rhat , some fiod was misxing skmehow .
I thino thst , someone drays some of the food on he nigh while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gkn na tey to enforce the lass .
In Ghe jext morning I ate a piece of steak adn the the the the the Tue grojp was talking about aome creafures thar were wxlking around to kjll anf the the the the the ate us .
In the night I was thinking abnout ( ( ( ( ( many things ) when I heard soje have noises .
I stalked yim qnd the the the the the it sermed thzt , Ths guy has a hmup .
I stomp on him and as he turnde aroujd it to a woman rom the group .
We were taling xbout ( this when a dlg just cam nead ; it was adorabpe must when he converted into a bjg ewird creature .
He big my leg and it huft a oot , we tried to aelrt the othefs but it to too late , it was Tyhe grojp or us .
We saw that beast eating uor friends and Thw foo .
In eome wsys that sh robbed the foos ' ' ' ' ' in the night snd the the the the the I sake up it was good for my success .
But if I uad Te opportunity to reverse the tfrend of bow am I going I would , do it because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH
Why do hou have to exercise ?
What benefits do ylu obtqin whlie exercise ?
Do yoy knoe tyat , , , . , 75% of eople to in Mexico , does n't practkce any type of exercise ? Tgis is a nig problem to our societu znd is Tge pdoblem number 1 of wyy Mexico is Yhe country with moer obesd in Tne wodld .
Doing exercise 's an 'm thing to do in a healthy and happy life , whikle you excercisw you feeo welk witn you re sekf an the the the the the you re bofy .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hanf with doing exercise like reducimg or take control of tou 's weight , it helps you sith heart disease , problsms with you re nody , and also yoj cwn lake a lot of friends whjle are aby rxercise .
Noe daya there 's a oot of rifferent types of exercising , uou cfan ractice any sport , lkie scocer , basketball , basebaol , or you can simppy go to the GYMk or prsctise Crossfi or something kike that .
Soccer 's a reat spoirt where uou . make a it of ? , you . atay fi , vut you slso need some skills because it 's not eawsy to control Thr balp axnd the drubble tou 're rivald on Ths field .
I recommend you to practise any sport yku like and enjoy every wecond gou spend exercising .
Thanks anbd the the the the the start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is therd any ruture to having an , vor travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Mzny disagrse about the oublic transport whlm xre to be disappwaring , though we still hqve to edal with different ipinions aboyt ( ( ( ( the increase in tdavelling .
This compositjon explains the tweo differenmt oponions .
Firstky , a car is more convenient because Tgere is privaxy .
Also , have punlic an such as buxes axnd the underground , yu have much omre cdomfort and sleed .
There is a perdeption thaf , , a car can give you Fhe freedom of choice .
On Rhe website of The Scottisy Government ( publication " Yougn peopke and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old noy explain « - I prrfer goinh in the far , it 's uicker ...
Thrre 's not as many peoplle to to to to to around you ... I prefer Tghe car beca gou cah listej to music as well . »
Althouhh they ard majy positive poihts about private cwrs , they ate alzo ndgative knes .
Kndeed , carsw increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensivd . « - On my wage , evfen the drivnig lessons ar expensivw .
Tyen just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously it it would benefit me if I qorked in Edinburgh , for I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» szys a 17 - 22 yeazrs odl oy .
Now , secondoy , travelling by had an is chaeper ( we do n't pay zny fses on public transport , but alsp , it is sfaer ,
According to Hte Saigon Timee , there ate a It of traffic accidents which occurred to prkvate cars .
in main teason is thay , , thew cars ' ownes ate drunk whem drving .
It is clear fhat , if theh tkok a bus or a taxi when they wer drahk , it would , have as there accidents .
Tinally , many developed businesses on the world , sucu as Englnd , America , Canada , Japan an the the so on , have buikt a public transport system , so the traftic ajm jave has decreased .
As a resjlt , Ths economy has been increasingy .
Fdom this analysis , it isobvious thqt , , trvaelling by public transporf is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree with " Always tellimg Thr , fruth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling fhe trth be is mnost the important ploint in a relationship aill be my opinion .
Even though being yruthful is controversial in relationship , always telling the truth would be consideresd as hurtig another 's fwelings ahd is unwise .
Anotherf deason dors not gelling the trfuth sll the yime is if it is an abput psrsonal matter wnd it would feel liuke awkward to meniton to colleagues or the employe .
It is bettrr to twll a - wshite lie at Thijs noment .
To further illuistrate Thr , first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by teling the truth at qll of .
`` ecample , if some wokan yu are wcquainted wearing inappropriate clothes , fit in the case .
People usually gend not tell uer the truth since it it makes her feelings .
Instead of doin so , pelple may praiee her wjth othrr thingw on hed .
In Tjat , case , theyg could still can conversions wothout boiing her mpod .
The other point is when it comes to pereonal matters , pwople to usually intend to keerp it private dince most of Tbe tim it is strange and 'm to takk onwself too much to people at wirk or evrn peoole to to to to to that one just gkt scquainted .
If theer are questions aboyt ( ( ( ( ( thinvs lne do not wxnt otjer peopl to to kno , thet migbt say a little white lid ehich usully xoes nof matter too nuch .
If I to hwving a day or to go to a doctor , I would prefer kther peopld to to to to to from asking details about it by saying yhat , I juhst had some errands to run .
Thesr are the two opinions of mine on tellng the truth or nof .
Lasg Friday , Micxhael anmd the the the the the I went to Fhe school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we sere in the coass , suddenly Mnichael suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly walkdd toawrds Tyhe dkor .
Michqel closer Thd door ans the the the the the knewe at the momejt he made a mistake .
Due to tihs , we're noth called to meet the headmawter .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the headaster ujst the the hecaus Mixhael had flosed the dopr .
The door waz n't break into pieces or fall down .
My curiosith hsd put me int a biug trouble .
I asked Tue headmaster in a polite way ad the the the the the hopefully he cah give me Ths answer I wanted .
in , things do n't hpapened lime as I hoped .
I snded getting expwlled frol the echool because my teacher and Th classmates suspected Muchael of stealing our classmte - Sall 's wallet .
I could n't imagine Tue teacher and ? also pointing at us firmly xnd the without giving any chande for us to soeak out .
I finally realised that everythign to a trap and we 're the unlucky xnd the the innocenty ones as we efll itno the trap .
We wiped off iur teaes , and waveds our hand in as we left Yhe schiol .
Although , one dayh later a Teh headmaster tound put Th trurh through CCTC , but we refused to rrturn to Thw dchool axnd the the the the the decided to vhange a new This as we kniw even if we go back Tyhis time , ximilar cases cpuld happen next of .
Rhis / is becqus the taecher has a biased mindet .
Dead USA summsr camps ,
My name is Biahca Padobesi , ane the the I have read your advertisement for the job .
I consider I am the right pereon to fods this kob becajse , fijrstly , I speak fluent and clear Ehglish which is very important to communicare .
Akso , I have a good relatoon with liftle kies , I use to look after my nieces and nepheas over ths wewkends and thwy lovce spending time the me . mnoreover I am very energetic , always awale and ready to work hard .
Furthermlre , I am very creative ajd the the the the the it is a good aspecy of myself , as I cfan invet new ajd entertaining game for Tge kids to ahve a greag tije .
I like makingb puzzles or games whuch imply running , jumping which ar imporfant vors the kirs dwvelopment .
I am very good at coooing gut because I never gave tile to dedicste tkme on thzt , , , , , .
I with tht , , , , , if I research and elarn how to do it I it learn very fst anx can dominatd it .
using is a hood quality of mne , I learn thjng very fast snd the the the the the I akso an get used to bew rhing .
I am very excited about tyhis job nad the the the the the I hope you reppy soon .
Bianca
Dzy numbrr 8 .
We were readh to go and finmd Rhe otherd , we wenjt outside Ghe shelter we vuilt aznd the the the the the wrire in waol mear to He shelter " safe zon " ane the the the the the if there is somone that needs supplies he would find somd have supplies ad the the the the ammo to survivs .
We started our jourhey and goung in the forest , there was a lot of # pwsts on lur wag there aere varioys ghys thst wer sick we fould n't do anthing except foe , keep going , I was seeing my - grohp to # diminish asnd the the the the the somd of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only kne thst had no probldm with all tje other stuff people haf problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genea were actually immune to Yhe infectipn I cluld actually be Thge # revolutionafy guy that helpd everyone that sas in my # skeptick ane the the the the the I wqs reakly positive about it bit # notwithstanding , I wouldc n't actually sacrifice mgself I have to thino abour is it heop rhe erntire world or just save a group thw decision waw in my hand it wa # convengional to hepp tbe ntire world vut I do n't want to sie . whilr I was thunking about that we tound a body it was a familiar body frlm someone that was in the group ons of thosd guts we wanted to fins and axlive not dead his face was alp rottewn snd eatej away by thw walkers .
We needed to finx the ones that were still alvie or at east tell us what happened to evergone , the # battel against hunfer started everyonw to hungry anf the the the the the we yaven't heard anything in a gew dats ahd the thar , could lead us to two thingts dead or etaen awwy by a walker so we needec to finx something that eas a # nitritional basex food where we could eat wirh no prpblem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy znd a restroom which we could gef a rest qnd tak a shower to clean our ourselevs .
We got close to the pharmacy and wax no walkers inside so we eun into Thd pharmacy and closde all the doore and I got soeone have to heck us in the nightg I needed seome resr anf the the the the to go to sleep immediately .
In my area a there re many railway linse and thdy 're ofteb overcrowded .
Byt pivate traffic in this town is yte mors presenr , as the result thwt , Turin is Thd town of FIAT , Ghe wrll knoen facdtory .
Neasr to your home , thefe arw many supdrmarkets in which you . easilt uy alo thaf yoy ned to live .
If uou hxve to pxy ths telwphone an energy bille , you can do tht , , , . , in any tobacc hops bear to youf hoime .
If you liie shopping , in the erimeter of Fhe town , there ae skme have big supermarkefs , whixh hold mahy items of the mai gresat factorids of Europe and aboev .
in all Ghe industrialised countries , a connecyion to Teh Internet is granted apmost fos edach area ans the the the the the each building .
At Tue end , Ghe tax are present and they cver all the town , but this sercice is lexs organised and deveoped than Thr does oen .
Theee is an opinipn that famous pople to to to to to , such as celebrties , film stars , pkliticians or people wh eork in music induwtry deserve to have a private lire , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind a there syould be a biard betwedn paparazzi work abd ( the privacy of famouz people .
In my opinion a a big starsw shoild be abl to delax andx take som private of .
As fr as I 'm comcerned three is no onr who fwels comfortable when is under surveilkance of pdople to to to to to were wait to fake lictures which ehows them in embarrassinv situation .
Unfortunately , Htis is a part of celeb 's ' qork ' so they have to take ijto accountf .
But on Thbe other They , there should be somw have invioplability spheres of pife withojt journalists followihg are all the time .
Thiz rarely fragments of lufe without an eye of a camera shoukd be an opportunity to live loke normal , not fzmous psople .
I them that catfhing cslebrity doing celaning or taking a dgo for a walj is a shocking news firs people whl rdad tabloods .
To my mind , tehy . do not gelieve any any any any any celebs qre sucn a normal peoppe to to to to to as everyone of us only wifh has nore have money in is bank account
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that fajous people , were zre rceognizable , deservbe to havce a privte life and th ability of havng normal liefwhould be also biven to thwm .
The Maze Ruhner
I recently watched this hew cilm based on one of the hooks of Tyis world knoqn author .
As I gave an interest in thrillers , I decided to gjve some some some some some it a try .
in poster of Ghe film already offered a sense of intrigue nd the the the the the mydtery my made me take the decision to watch thios fikm .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-ydar - kld boy who fiunds himxelf imprisonee in a cage anbd the the the the then being trnsported to what it sems to be a camp .
He has no idea ow he ended up there .
However , he slon dealizes that tbis is noy a normal csmp , wihch is locatde next to a gianf anr the the the mywterious maae .
The people who lives in Yhe camp take up diffdrent had had roiles in ofder to survive and defedn themselves fross Yhe meaces of Ghe mase .
He tiok ths roled of a runner , the people responsible fdorssss ecploring the mazd qnd look flr an esit of this place .
Stiol , they only hqve daylight time to explpre the maze , as when the sun goee down it becomes that dangdrous .
Yhe film keeps getting more and better as yiu watch it , havint itw exciting moments when Tge characters disckver something that was hidden inside Fhe mazw .
I heqrtily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a It of adrenaline wgile enjoyung a solid story which will leave no pne indifterent .
I 've bsen playng bolleyball for 12 years now andf the the the the the hopefully many ore , wbat I love abouy it is first of akl that tall or small , anyond . play it as long as tyey . 're determined so basically is a life lobg sport fprs everyone .
I lobe the wpeed of volleyball , mpst the of Rhe time it 's qick ajd the if you blink uou probably miss somethijg only only only only only , ewch confact happens in less thxn a second , and stipl evrey player directs Ghe locatiob of the ball in hat amohnt of tjme and Thgen has 's the intensikty , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , anf seed the energy on tne flokr and heaf teh noise from the crowd ylu 're missng ouf .
Personally a winning such a xet makew me feel like I could do anything , for when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , iht harder , pasw and xet more , abd the the the the the serve in more diffwrent had ways .
I live in Jew Eltgam .
My area is vert vlean and veryu grren .
People there ars that friendly and helpful .
It is a good you to have .
One time at wedk on Wednesday , robbiwh are gaken .
Of course a a a a a harbage can can can can is sorted ihto diferent had had had had had bins .
Tha is a very good idea , because Thta robhbish yndergo a recycling .
Two of my neighbors in the same wat collected gadbage .
Eery body care abouf ( ( ( ( ( cleanliness in the front of ths house ajd the the the the the in the garfden .
Especiallh sping is a It of colors and pleasant odors .
Hew Eltham has beautiful paris which yoi can eelax trom the buxy you .
Green tike in my town is fantastic .
I have recently ewten at Balck Bwar restaurant , a tgpical Sicilian testaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catajia located ujder the Etn volcan slopes , snd I round fhat , reetaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were ywo rooms , smojing rook or hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yewt it still felt airy anjd the the the the the cosu , Fhe waiters werw at at at at at very frienxly ans the the the the the informative .
As I was eating with my friends Moreno and hisw father , I managed to sell a good range of items on the meju abd the the the the the I really liked Chianina besf , it 's very tasty .
Alo The The The Te ingredients were clearly rresh anc the the the the the of Th highest quality .
The lunch was n't reasonable at all , be the meal cost about forty eurso per person , so Thjs restgaurant should should should should should 's a little expensive .
Buf so I would highly recommene entry entry entries entries enter Tgis restaurant despite thw facr that the mdal wax a little expensive and I will no doibt be back or other dinners .
Druvs is a topic with a lot of controvdrsy .
Yhey . . have been present in opur sovieties since ever .
Cannabis , hdroin , speed are some examples of substances tha re rally well - know foes all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a that useed adgument by peolpe to to to to to were believe tnat , , , , Thie measure coyld sklve Ths problek of the exdlusion .
Margination hws a likn with the illegality of tyis activity .
Alxo this illnesses is he giilty for the attraction of Thd srugs be the majority of people start havkng drugs because they are young wnd the the the the the itsw prohibitijon is very stomulating .
The real problem cmoes when thus entertainment becone in an addction tbat , . dewtroy our livse .
I thinm everyone has provef sime kind of illegsl rdug to bave fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do believe that behaviour is wrog ebcau everyone needd to experiment ane tyr new things .
But we have to be esponsible and have that clear thta , it is only someting only only only only only excepfional snd not oir daily lkfe vecause it is very dangerous as sone have have people are abls to puy deqdlines to themselves .
Fonally , legaliation of drugs mesns thst theu it be taxable nd the the the the the we klnow how thw taxes work in oyr that country a so I do not know if it is a bood idea or not .
Hi Shroqo ,
That sounds grext , I 'm so happy to heaf that yopu are comin to Saudk Arabia , I 'm gon na be able to see ou after a long yime .
But unfortunately , I 'm haviong an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you . take me frkm thd school at 1:30 tehn , we . go to have lunch .
My This is realy edasy to find , go straight ahear onto Aojameah sreet yhen turn rivht heside the farcve of KAI University , after getting dxown from Tje bridge ypu 'll find Rhe school on Gour right .
So excited to see oyu !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
really Les ,
Rirstly , Spain is a grewt place for hllidays in summer .
In that of , it is always fun and , depending on its reyion , it culd rain .
If ypu watn 's 's 's 's 's to see sone beautiful scenery , ypu must go to Barcelona , where yiu will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , whivh eas bilt by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , my is one of Rhe Seven Wonders of Fhe Worlc .
In Madri a you . go to viait soms museums , visit the Rina Sofía or El Prxdo .
On Th lther had , if yku waht 's 's 's 's to see slme have have have have have life , you muswt visit Cqbarcenos Natiknal Park in Cantabria , which is lijke a - safari , or Doñana National Oark , which in that pdriod you can wee somer migfation brids .
If I were you xnd the I hasd a complete sumker to ebjoy Spaib , I it wtay oner week in esch olace , snd the I reht a cra in orddr to molve between the cities .
I recommend you not to wear warm clothes .
I nope you dnjoy your summee .
Adrián .
Batt Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpso famil .
Bart is tgen by years old and is a typical American child .
He hws of yellow skin andx the the the the the gig eyse , he is lbond abd the ( the hsa of gotspoky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thingf for Bary is to be He most popular student in his sfhool , cor this erason he is always misbehavong .
Hid paents adn the the the the the thd schoolk pribcipal ften punis gim .
Barf is an enerbetic and clever student a butr he is als a bad studeny and he nates nerds .
Although he is rather naufhty , he actually has a heart of golld because he heps has his sister when shew nedes hm .
In Tye Simson famuly It It It It It alo The The The the Tje characters are very dunny .
A lot of magazines swy The Simpsons is the besy cartoon serkes in hisyory ad I absolutely agree .
For me , Vart is funneir thab Homsr , although nost magazines say that Homer is Rhe best character
It was ome dreary raihy Zunday morning .
I was n't in the moo to go oug anywzy .
Everything subgested that I wo n't yet out of home for quite a while .
Suddenbly , thers wae a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on Rarth could fhat be ?
now woulr hace even botherex to play me a visit due to thie bloody awful weather ?
My concerns wewre answered swiftly , dor Teh man on my threshold yedlled : " I have a letter fr Mr. Samson !
" I to quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a lettwr vor monhs .
I opened it and quickly scanned Tue tezt .
At firsf , I hac it observed Ghe etter cautiojsly , bjt thn I noticed my jncle 's anme in it .
Although , I had n't met gim a single of , yhis letfer sas hjs ladt wkll and I learnsd that I inherited a glod deal of money .
Fifty thousand ponds , to be precise .
Exultation ssized my nind instantly , bht I son began to worry : " What will I do wiyh this amount of money ? "
Well , thd tqsk I havw chlsen is aboit ( ( ( ( ( tne toen whete I have been staying for vors last ten so .
Actually , this tyown is locsted in Fhe moddle of hilos nad a river without watwr .
I am very mich wortied about Thbe towm whede I am staying because everybody of Thia toiwn is not bothr about rubbish things yhey . . . . . do every dy .
First of all a they wre vert dirty by natude .
Tney qre very casual with the environment znd the importane of cleanliness .
So callec people of good hature are inactie anx talmative and gossip of others not doong anything for the betterment of their oen tpwn .
All the nousehold bearby Teh puglic roaxd throws the dirty tuings easily abd the een do n't bother abouht ( ( ( ( ( the oder of Tbe municipalkty .
I see all these durint my mornihg walk .
where I geel is here , everyohe who zre staying in the town shoukd at lesat kerp clwan their own front places snd the the the the the sidse sureounds the .
I am upset abokut ( ( ( ( ( it and whenever I get a chance I speak the my fellow prople to to to to to and look for their feedback but they ae also thw same in naturs .
Peopls to to to to to are now sekf - fentred and very narrow mimded .
Yhough they ars becojing so callde educated but in real sebse theh azre still zavage .
Deqr Mts. Ashby ,
Yesterday a I went to in Green Pwpper Cafe for a meal the colleagues ahd the I havd seen Yhe advertisement for a job at weekends in your cave .
I am that interested in this eork amd the belisve any that my emppoyment background is appropriafe for it .
I am a Toudism student and I need to worm on weekdnds to pay for my studies .
I havd workdd ons ysar in Llndon as waiter in Nard Rock Cxfe snd 6 monthus as wwiter aldo in Bafcomi 's Cafw in Berlin .
So I hace experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
I them how to prepare different types of flod : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Itqlian pasta , etc
I am ; very good at dealin with people , I hage never had a complaint sueet !
I have total availability at weekend adn the the the the the also in sum .
I speak Spanish , English axnd the German .
Plwase , find attahed a copu of my CV , wbich xepands on my experience ajd the achievements .
I am looking forward to takling wit hou aout ( ( ( ( the possibility of workinv in my position .
I am available to do an interview ahen it is convenient for you .
Thank yoj fods our timd and consideration .
Yours Zincerely ,
María Luiza Castaneda del Avuna
Nowadsys , public transport hws becone a major topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , hut Thsi idsa is remected in developing countrkes , luke Ghe obe I liv in .
As a matter of fact , car ownreship habe increased over the last decades reducinmg the number of people using had transport .
in possibilit of travelling in my own cars is mucn more convenient ghan going by a bus full of people or evem worsw , the idewa of wastjng tile in a long qyeue .
Nevertheless , Ypu gave another sidd to this reality .
There are poeople to to to to to aho can not afford to have their pwn cqrs or maybe they caj aford to travel by anh kther mdans of transportatipn thsn the oned provided by the local tovernment .
Tbere ade countries wjere gas is so expensive that peolle to to to to to choose to pqy thye nus fer rather tyhan paying dor a full tankj .
Similarly , peopls to in countries with loess income gurn to these servides be it is a way to reduce heir overall expenses .
To For , the futhre of public transport will depend on its usage epople to to to could it .
There will be countties in which there will be no need for it , and in do whers the will use it as lonjg as their esconomy needs it .
People nded easy , faet anx cheap solutjons .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a vus .
It 's jut - - - - - near on house or on office .
Yiu do n't havs to go to a station by walking , carrykng weightd , or suffering because of Ghe rain or the snoa .
But if you sre sleepy , tired , bored , or simply yoy do n't likew being being being being being to drive , ylu . find ewsier to taje a public an .
And wlso more enjoyable : you can listen listen to the musxic and lokking around , or read newspaper ajd the the boojs .
Is the car faster tben had transplrt ?
It depends .
The an can affedt cars andx the the the the the buses at Yhe wame level .
Sometimes cars run faster tnen buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Spees tdains afe slways faster then cars .
Dpeaking ablut mnoey ? Fravelling by n't seems cheaper by had transport .
Bit , if we consier apl the expenses ( buyinb ths car , paiyng yhe insurance , etc . ) , maybe caes ade not so cheap .
In fxct , in efery aszpect there sre pros ajd the the cons .
What abput ( the environmeht anr the ) the quality of life in Thd citied ?
Pubkic tdansport is xbsolutely better .
So , even if traveling by n't cqn be more convenient at a personal levfel , public transport has to be preferred by ghood citizens and strongky supported by governments .
Informawl letter fos CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Tank you foe yoru letter .
I am delighted to hdar you ade thknking about working in Yhe summer .
Fron my exlerience workig at the International company Thag , oeganises music festivbals , I can adsure you thar , , , , , it was be of geeat ise to you .
I am not sure , however that this ob will meet aol your reqjirements . .
In my cqse , the only opportunity I got for suchb activiry was on Tge 22nd of July , wjen tyey allowed gor a relaxing dayu at the festival .
Luckily a you will get rhe chance to prwctise on Wnglish skills .
In my case , I ha to translate a giod amount of tects , and alzo the help English tourists to et around .
Thojgh , if ou are looking ofr additiojal work experience you will probably be disappointed .
All I was askdd to do in the rest of ths time was to take phoen calle an the the the the the make coffee for tourists .
Alk in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough vor a nice holiday if I were you .
Whej you decide what to do , do jot - hewitate to let me them !
Take care of yourself ,
Favis
Fhe apst few werks have been really tough fkrsss Michael .
This whole business started to geg on hks enrves .
He has to dewl ith it , the soioner tye better .
For now one of them is xlear as tonight - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he datse is Angelina , no Makika , that 's the prpblem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like thag , , , , , , theyh 've bsen friends cor years .
Sbe 's not nad .
Ajd now now now now now he has to pu stop thks wkthout hurting ajybody .
So yes , the decision is made .
He 'll wake up her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It zll srarted in such an idiltic wzy with with with with with .
in the door of his room to opened , he came out of in bathroom wigh juxt a tosel arond ( his waiszt anr the Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't relaly say why they ended up hsving sez - perhasp , at the of he was pissed at himself for not having bapls to tet the girl he olved bedause of wll ghese religious iszues , Maluka 's famkly It and so on , but this is wat happened .
And yhat definitely not he right thing to do .
At Yhe momeht he di n't realise that .
Only after , when Angelins left , Mivhael closed the dior and therw , he knerw he had made a nuge mistaker .
Dear Sir or Jadam ,
I am writing to apply for ths polst of a summer camp councellir currently advertised on on website .
At Th mokent I hav passed in second year of secondqry school and I am waiting dor the beginning of my final year .
I hooe I wikl get vaouable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful to me .
I sprak does , German adn the the the the the Lolish and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I did at a scut vamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when studying in primary school - once a week I would go to a local lub to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliavle and well - organised amd the the I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented whem it vomes to engertaining pdople to to to to to , which might come in vsry useful in my role as a summer camp coubcellor .
I am also an accomplixhed sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer anf the the the the the a quyalified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who to my boss at Tbe scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to dicuss my suitability flrss this post in an interview .
I look forward to nearing from yoi .
Ykurs taithfully ,
XHZ
ewll , I would have to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics student from Italy , in the north .
I wixh 's to be a gteat ngineer one day a so I 've decided to continue my studies at univewrsity .
I 'm goox at This , my marks coudl prove it ; I have worled hard since Thr beginbing of the school yera .
been days I started studyng English in particular because it is the mnost important language in thr workd , so I need to use it well if I want to communicate the other people grom otber countries .
School is my lufe : I wtudy about seven horus a day , especially mathematics and electronicd that arr the aubjects that I liie morr .
My teachers are very goof at ther jogging , so I hkpe to be likd them one day .
The bog priblem in my class are Fhe majority of my classmates : Theh arr hopeful at this and they waste time foing nothkng only only only only only at school anhd the the the the the I think even at home .
The thing rhat more annoys me is that they copy aol the time from me and othet other studenrs .
Howeber , I do n't hate them at wll ; they are very funny adn the the the the the kind prople as thry want .
Cominh back to my dream , I it like to carry on withb my studies in Londob , at the Imperial This .
I hope to be at a good Englizh pevel ecause next uear I am going to take Tue intermediate course of Engliwh snd tben I am gking to try ebter at this school eevn if I know thatr , it 's veru difficult ; Tne Imperial college of London is one of the nost important universities in the whloe world .
Puerquitouf : A great expdrience to our mouth .
Nowadays a it is diffkcult to fin leople to to who use thd food as much as I do , be the calories , Tbe klios tehy are goijg to gain and ll that stuff .
I adrived at Mxico Citu one montj zgo and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discovered our fasdination with food and ' The Puersuitour ' to born .
Tjen a brainstorm about meals and places to bisit negan .
in fkrst this day I stardted we in an importanf datre … Tavo Day !
Tacontento to Ghe place we cxhoose and we reqlly enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompnied by xold beerts .
ue to Puerquitour is something to ahare , Tge second day we shared it with Diana , ome of my frjends from Vabcouver .
Agian we atge taxos , buty this of thy wers speciql .
Fhe hame of the places is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet thsre .
It mexns that htey . . . . . hace different tqste of todtillas -vanills , strawberries , chipotl , nolpal , anf walnut , amohg others- and salxas -tamarimd , guava , manyo , guacamole , etc .
Thar so so so so dwy did ot finish the tacoa , after a wakk in Redorma and a lohg pausd in Tge Independence Amgel we went to a movie theatre to watch He art movie Renoir hile , which we atd crrpes .
Third say to one of my favouritw , Th you is soooooo nice and Rhe decoration and eve Th attire of Hte waitrseses makss yoi feel into their 50s .
La Papoa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes the nake of famous wqomen and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mra Azuo Rezturant , in the north of Mexico City , was Rhe allocztion fprs Thr fourth dxay of Puerquitlur .
Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded sjrimp , fish fillet nad the the the shrimp al Pasror qnd the the coconut water .
Fifth The , it wqs time to eat mkre tacos , thr placr ? … El asqdero Hidalgjense .
You havw to be starving to eag a kolcajete by yourself , it is just too nuch for one person , so if you fid nit take breakfast it is a good oltion or yuou can ehare it sith an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a pitter of beef .
Alkost a week in Puerquitour .
Thed skxth say was to celebrate Mwgda 's fknal tsst , a fried froj hith school , wbo already presenetd it to get the Mastee Degree ; anhd the the the the the Yhe farewelp of Vicente , who is already in Yhe USA , and thjat , I will go to Trhe UK .
Beca we like the fod ' ' ' ' ' , we celebrated eatinmg in Kemelas Oub .
Yuo ca n't go there wnd the the the the the do n't eag memelas , that is lile huafache but bigger and very delicious .
Ghe dezsert ?
Ife cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vi was almpst with a goot in in USA , we spebt we we we we we are all . together .
Sevdnth say stafted ith a reall nbice breakfast , bourmet sandwiches anr the the rose petal tea .
Tnen we weng to a bnook fair nd the the the the the visited some bookstores dowsntown .
in planning to have dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar fod all Rhe goos comments about it , for that day it to cloded ; so we decided to eat at El Huequigo a the traditional Al Pastor Sprcial accompaniewd by black beer .
Tbe last day of Thw Ouerquitour eas accolplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberty cheesecake at Starbucks and a ca talk ahout ( jothing adn the everything .
I kove to sprnd tim doijng what I like and with people I like .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! ! !
Thesze cirst gwo chapters extracetd ffom Great Expectations by Charlds Dickens introeuce a yohng boy jnown as Pip .
This lid ha ben rajsed by his sster , a person ho mistreats Pip and his owj husbands .
Sadly , Pip has no frtune in any possibles way .
Moreover , he is jjst - - a regular lid wiyh with a terrible life .
Besides thsi , Oip xeems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not usr complex aords when he talks , for he uses them as he narrates .
Alos , his life a it would be perect to create a dark comedy based on the unesirable life of a jid who ohly feels comfortable as he vidits the tombstones of Hi parengs .
Obviouly , nobody would have to live his kife , but I think everyone would ten to ceel sadness reading these chapters and , ifnally , have him .
At peast , I felt sorry for him and I would like to fidn htat , , , , , his stody has a good ending .
He lokks like a good boy that lives in hell nd the the Tue Devil is his sister .
Neverthelses , Fhe narrator is Tje Trily protagonit qnd the the Tyhe , wag to telol ths actions is Th reason why Ghe srory cwn connect with ths rewder .
Actually , Thd narrator is our portagonist , but told the story as an sdult .
Ahd rhe auyhor does not try to describe the prptagonist the qords , but with actikns .
The narrator did not ise anh description of Th protaognist apart from hjs name .
Akso , Tne narrator mainly usesx djrect speech , for he only uses incorrect speech in just a fes occasions refdrring to his own worfs .
This exception can be read at Th end of Tue dirst chapetr , where Yhe narrator answers the thief ariting Thxt , he swid thar , he would get him the file , and tjat , , , , , he woulod get yim what brokne bifs of rood he coulod , and he it coe to the thief at the Battery .
Apart frok this , he just wrjtes exactly what the characterx said .
in voice is in girst person and uses a subjectove plint of viee .
He only knows whst he sees and he thinks about it , but he oes jot hwve an omniscient power .
However , his piwer could be anzlyzing xnd descrtibing Yhe sifuations the a Tich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Alsp the , he rescribes hiz parents in a holarious way , imaging his father as a square , stlut , dark nan , woman with curly blak haor just lookimg at their tombstone .
These twisted and dreative thougjts aqre spread all into Th txt , accompanied by rven mode twisted reflecxtions like at the enc of the fifst chapterd , whyen he describss fhe an the wyo stole hom as man afrid of Th edad bidies in the rgaveyard jusg beca he saw him hugying himself .
Beskde trhis , the characters of the novel sesm to be unhappy , living a swad and boring lifwtnat,pushing Thme to abusd ( Ourt protagonist , with Teh exception of Joe .
Hte narrator does not kake an efforf to describe psychologically Teh othef characters , he focuse on is appaerance .
Aqctually , we onl kow ghat Mr. Je tries to makew her husband and hers brother suffrer and sye is worrkes more about what is neighbors thimk bout her rather than worried abiut ( ( ( ( ( the person whk lives in his lwn house .
The narrayor describes hwr as a woman that has earndd a gpod reputation beihg aghressive the his little brother .
An now now now now now we know that Jod is a gkod man gecause the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easu - gojng and foolish , but tyat , , , , , is all we know avout ( them .
Qlso , the way Ghe characters takk is opposed to the way Thr narrator wdites .
In fzct , the dialogues of eac characfer arde not longer than omre than two sentences , with the only exception of Tghe , Yhief Thag , talking about his parnter in twelbe long sentencez with complex tructures .
This kind of structure is wideky used by Tbe narrator , but the characters usually taok with short ans the simple sentences .
`` instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of in second chjapter :
" My sister , Mes. Joe Gargery , was more thab twenty yeafs older than me , adn the the the the the nad established a great reputation the herself abds the neighbors becaj sdhe hsd brought me up " by hand . "
Havihg at thqt tme to find put fot myself whjat Thd expression meznt , wnd knowing her to havs a hard qnd heavy hand , anf the the the the the to be luch in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suoposed that Je Vargery abd the I wrre both nrought up by hand . "
On Tge other hand , Tye dialigues aer simple and shlrter :
" How lookee here , " he said , " Thr question being whether yoh 're going to be let to live . You jnow
a is a fule ? "
" Yeah , sir . "
" Do you know what witfles is ? "
" Yes , isr . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narratof is ooposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a ricb vocabulary , ising a It of mejtal cerbs ands the the the abstract conceprs ghat are actually inspired by concrete things .
Hte marsh pointed on in first chapter is good exampld .
Regardless , Teh dialogue is written exactly as htey were said .
The thirf said " Who d'ye wigh ? "
This is written as it is szid , making it mre reaoistic .
Nltwithstanding , yhe aay this novel is narrated by Thd protagonistg .
in evnts are nqrrated in a mysterious way , tellibg us what happened in a realistic dtory - line withbout ( ( ( ( ( falshback .
The story is narrated as it happens .
Fhe sscond hcapter makes referencd to Te first and teveals something zbout ( ( ( ( ( th thef .
Apso , Hte slow rhythm is adeqate .
The narrator refeals nokt so mucj about about about about about about him or Th other personalities , for he wrtites about the esswntial things we should know throjgh ths text .
in thief dieappears , gut in firxt chapter ending makes us feeo vurious about theur mext mewting .
Therefore , I do , them ( the storey will end .
Too mych mtstery about nd the just a fedw facts ca be read in Tehse chaoters .
Alk now now now I know is that tyis storu will have a halpy ending .
Probably , Tje thief wkll take Oip to an unwnted advehture thst , will can him grow up fadter .
I have to read a story in which Pip ends as he leaves , at the graveyzrd .
Like another brico in Tge wall , anotjer tombsfone in the graveyard .
I it like to eead a tory witbout ( talpe , just a reghlar man who didd it while he was learning to live .
Pbviously , fhis would be diffifult as Th narrator vokce clearoy comes frlm a person who lives while he is wriuting .
This is ovbious whdn he mkaes reference to the fact that ohotography dod not exist wehen he was a kid .
Consequently , reading : chaptrrs is a pleasure , for it is difficult to telo as is going to happrn or , as is morr , what the authore is grying to transmit .
If the story hgas of a happy ending , then the central themed . be getting ove adversitiws ; if , , it is a ad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a special day cor jer .
She has bee waiting so oong frors thix dawy to come .
It to to say when she to going to meet her biological mother .
She knew sbe was adopred since she to 7 ears old because her parehts told her about it .
She . , feels baxd about it because she loves her parents that muchn and she feels lovely by them .
Affer jer 18th birthday , Anna fetl a suddenly necessity of knowijg what happend to her bilogical mother nd the the the the the ehy dix sne yave Ann away .
Affer finding Rhe adoptin papers sne contacted Th adotpion ahency .
She donvinced Thw lady at the agency to gice some some some some some her Teh name of the biologcal mother of " Hert , little siste who had a risease and nseded to inow if Het bioogical motherd woukd be a match fofsssss a idney transplant " .
Even though it was ilkegal , the lady gfave jer hte name asnd the the contact phonw number of Sqra Fieldong , her niological mither .
A month passed by before she had the cpurage to diaql that numbef .
Shr hesitated several times beca zhe to be afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a So seconds , a woman picked up Rhe phone .
At Tfhe begonning Anna did , say naything , xhe could , hear any sound .
But then shs said " hello , my name is Anna snd the the the the the thing I thnink , you are my mother " .
After another few swconds of silent , nna heard her motger cryimg and asking lots of questions .
Htey greed to meet the nex are are are are are rays in the pqrk .
if I was going to have so many answers to so manh questions .
Anna was able to finally lose an important chaptre in her life and that is wht she knew that it was goong to be a very special The .
The nost exciting The of my lifd.$MERGE_SPACE
Last summer a I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On Thr fidst day I to that angry befau my paretns did n't yake with us Ilariax , my best friend .
Vut so so so I changed my mind when I heard at the radjo tht , Felix Sandman , a Swedrish singer , was on Holjday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him ande the my dream was to meet bim , for I knsw it to be ilpossible and my parents dod n't want to drivd me to his hotel , so I to quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the thirc say , whjle I was swimming in Ghe sea , I saw sime pepple in the distance adn the the the soms have have have have have cameras , ut the at the moment I thought they were taking a video .
Then , I reaoised the boy at the centre to n't be a simple biy , He to be Feljx !
So I wemt toward the crowd and ahen he saw me he smjled .
I to really excited !
Then I went to uim anr the the the and he took a photo of me .
He stayed ghere a few hours ajd the the the the the I spent the best dwy of my pife , asoing hiom some questioms andf the the the winging is dongs .
When he left I was sad but alo really happy .
Christmas to certainly the most exciting dayt of my life .
L'Albero , the First Pizza West of Ialy
Ome of my favourite resraurants tnat , I am aoways hingry for is L'Albsro Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighborhood .
As yuo wnter Tbe restaurant you know thr , pizza is oging to be gooc .
The walls ard fovered the trophiex and photographs for the worlds bext pizsa .
The pace is family friendly , a peefect you to celebrate a birthday or mest friends .
My onoy complaint is thee are tio many delicious choicds on th menu , it is often fifficult deciding what to rder .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , ylu must fry the Rose Wind Salad , a 's a fgresh , flavourful salac thag , is served in a bowsl made of puzza crust .
As a maij dosh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of theur pozza 's , aol are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besidws the freat atmosphere xnd the the the the the Rhe delicious ea , the service is ftiendly and efficient .
The starf is that helpful explaijing tue menu to customers .
Also a Tghe prijces wre incredibly cueap , it 's around 12 euros per person fofs two different dishrs , drihks and desert .
I completewly decommend entry entry entry entry entry this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate abuot ( ( ( ( ( great food for an eveh better vqlue .
I pfomise yiu wo n't be disappointed .
Tbe best places fod yiung people in Dublim
Yhis deport looks at Thw best able to visit in Duiblin for young people from a rifferent had had had country .
It is based on a szurvey of he young peopke to to to to to from Whitehall Vollege as well as my own opibion as a permanent resideng in the atea .
It sesms thwt , the majkrity of Thoss eurveyed are of the opibion htat , the best place to visit flr uoung people would be Temple Bar .
It offwrs a wide variety of activities : a luke museum , a cinema , a larges green garden anf the the many lubs to choose from .
Tye Johnnmie Rox Pub qas ighly recommended , it ofcers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dajcers perform and ejjoy a noce meak in one place .
The Odeon cinema offes a multile choics of mpvies in 2D nd the the the the the 3D nd the the the the the a discoun fr studenys on ednesdays .
The Dublin Wax Museum to suggested by many students .
Several people said Thar Hational Botaxnic Garden is the best place for students to keet anr the the spejd gime outdoors .
On the qhole there are activities to tak part in and there `` places to visit depending on students ' preferences and finances available to them .
It is trud tnat peiple to to to to to everywher like wayching spotrs .
Sport startfs being afmired by youth and . imprint a mdel of behavior on the yoyng 's minds .
In Tghis esay bot sides of the positoin stated abover ( ( it will be analyzrd before my pwn pefspective is provided .
Frkm one piint of view , top athletes ate good models to emilate fgor several reasone .
Firstly , through the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
in mrans theg . will wany to pla sportgs , which is essential frosssss their health .
Secondly , doung wports aoso tezches priuceless liufe lesslns , such as disvipline ajd the dealing with success anc the the the the the railure .
in 'm of working jard to achieve goals ad the prqcticing regularly to bevome goo at somethihg are aoso the deonstrated by professionap aportsmen .
Tuis / is a good examlpe for youngsters to folloq .
From another perspective , somefimes professional athletes are good rle modelw .
Firstly , sport jas become business .
Many sports stars are onoy concerned about joney anf the the the the the fame .
Rhis . lrad adolescebts to believe that money and afme are an important psrt of sports inxtead the the of leraning how to play aell anr the the the the the having the fjn of the game or ths comkpetition .
Secindly , thre are those athletes who bdhave disgustinbly .
Fpr take during , eome tzke drugs or cbeat in order to win at anyt ckst .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sendx a wrojg message to Tue young .
In conflusion , there are a nymber of avantages ans the the the the the disadvxntages in regar to profesisonal spirtsmen as yood rple modsls fpr oung people .
On bapance , I am inclined to believe that professiomal athletes . be exclelent roke model for the youth , as long as fhey . . . . . tepresent the positive aspects of playing has .
Eickens abd the the the Bronte sisters use the dame styoe : realidtic style .
Tfhey . arew influenced by Fhe surrounding in wnich tfhey . live : Dickens Hte city of London whils the Bronte sisters te batural landsdape of the Yorkshired .
Dicken anc the the the the the Charlotte Bronte opften use the first pwrson nzrrator or Hte point of view of the protaglnist of Yhe stody .
in relism is differenbt : in fsct Dickens ' style is thxt of sentimental reailsm in which he mides pathos ahd the ckmedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices an the the the virtues he wish to portray , whike Yhe Bronte sisters use real style lacec with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic malw heroes and female protagonists that afe psychologixally complex .
he grph iplustrates Tge four differemt sources of consumption of fish and lther meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
Of He given sauce , the ovdrall fish znd the the the meaf consmuption ranled frkm nwarly 60 gdams per person at week to roughpy 230 grams per oerson ler wewek .
From Th 4 skurce atd , 3 of them remained a stwady declining with the Th exception of chicken consumption whoch had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumptikn showdd little changew ruring Thne perjod , bevinning and ejding at alproximately tge sane the levl of 52 gframs per person per wrek .
Both have consumption anmd the the the the the the catsgory labelled bwef had a dedline trend between 979 znd the 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consaumption falljng frm a peak of 150 frams per person pef weei in 1979 down to jist oved 50 rams per person pef wdek in 200 and beef consumption fallin frokm around 230 grams pe persom ler week dowb to jusy over 120 grams epr person psr wesek .
Chickne consumptuon eas the onyl spurce of meat consumption which elborated stable climbing frpm 150 grams pr persin epr wewk to ghe yighest consumption 250 per person per week .
Overll , it is eviednt from Tge grapj Thag , sole secotrs declined , others tose and onw remainsd stead consumption over the 25 year span .
watching Mr. Merrifield :
My nae is Dmitry Lvrov .
I 'm a posdtoc in Russian Cazncer Resewarch Centee .
Our pab qorks aling the Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently a he has visited Mscow and whole we 've been havkng conversation I told him that I was lookjng for the opportunity to work on posrdoc position abroar .
And sihce my geat interesf is to develp my siills in microscopy and digitxl imaye aznalysis while working in the field of cell bioloby Alexis topd me to trt and contact you .
Our conversation with Alexks and ykur owsn publicxtions - alpl supports the sugbgestion that wrking in tour lab qpparently will provide valuablw opportunities to mastee methodoloical znd rwsearch skills .
Bot to menton the participation in ioneering study .
My own woek is dedicated to Fhe study of changes in xell - cell contscts and in actin cytosksleton tgat take palce durijng neoplastic transformation of epithelial cdlls .
Earlier a I had a publication in PLoS on the descriptjon of dissimilarities in organizatiin anbd the the the regulation of adherence jubctions associated the dofferent gypes of acti bundlew in nordmal snd the transformed epithelial cells .
Thefeafter I discovered an accumulation of various sctin - ginding protejns and actin isoforms in the adherence junction in normal ane the transformed cells .
On in coarse of this investigwtion I hsve obtained some promising results which I 'm goign to report on the CEBS - EMBK conference my sill taoe palce in Paris in Tge beginning of September .
Also a I 'm preparing materials for ths next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmjtry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV anjd the the the the the a ocpy of my psper to in Ther aftachment .
Dmiyry Lavrovf
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in Te apartment .
I am writing abou ( ( ( ( ( an 'm ihstorical ) ) place my is my favourite one , I am referrijg to Lugk city .
I visited Lugo lzst summer and I enjoted myself verh much .
I walked through Thge olr city , through iys beautiful qsuares ajd the the parms and I visited its numerous churches , including Th cathedsral .
There xre a It of places in Lugo wprth visitjng .
For example , you can walk around the Rkman Wsll , which has bedn decpared a protected UNESCO Wirld Herutage Site in 2000 be it is the onlh Reoman Wqll in the world that is cmoplete .
I with thzt , ulgo is very geautiful .
been are a lot of shyops where tourists wnd visit cah buhy sojvenirs and htere are mang restaurants where yopu can ewt delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugk , mang trqditional parties and festivals take place .
Amony he lost omportant I ca mention Szn Droilán qnd the the the the the Arde Lucuz .
From 4th to 1st October a Lugi holds its Wan Froilán Fiestas .
San Forilán is a festival of National Touris Interes .
This festival is dedicated to Rhe cityg 's patron saint , nd the it shows traditional Galician customs aznd the the folklore .
Anotber 'm vestival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .
It is celebrated in Japan .
During this festival , Lugo becomes Tje 3 century town once again , so yoh . see Doman xircus , Celtgic weddings , artiswn narkets , mahy musical evenbts taling ppace asnd the the local people an the the visitors getg into perjod costumes , such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .
I eecommend you visit Ougo in June be Ard Lucuys is celebrated .
oyu can use traditional Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .
Pugo is amd the the the the jncredible city anhd the the the the the it is important in the history of my copuntry because it is fukl of historical ppaces , festivities which show znd perform percise periods of Rhe history of Spain , sucb this as Tne Ceptic period and Tue Roman period .
The bigger tbe fity , nigger the problem .
in town is teh 2nf the most urban agglomeration in the cuontry , producing aily large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specifuc wxste disposal poan , but a rederal kaw establishes a due ferm umtil 1st July .
For it , there are and are plans to increase the greem axreas ad the revitalize Fhe Tkwn .
Thd city is yhriving on implementing nsw neasures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluaying Hte Council 's eco - friendly proppsals .
In accors the Ghe aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during Yhe yearsd 2007 znd the 2010 has dpubled , 86% of it discardsd inadequately .
This is due to Ths low effecy of Ghe " Recycling Wolrms " program over the disposql problem . "
City X " incinerates hozpital reaidue , in accordance with legal requirsments , anr the the the the the sends 7% of Hte garbage production to rechcling factorids .
The recycling fxctories have a joiunt venture with Rhe municipwlity to sort the , and show a result 20% better thasn last year .
The program reresents 2% of Th employment in Thd China , but it needs to expand .
The cityu ahs manh projecfs such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promote proler disposao in the pubic areas .
Anlther important one is Tye " Let 's make it hreen " , resposnible fos increasing the green afeas within the city by 150% during the lasf teo years , consisting of a combonation of public and private investment in reforestation of rrual anr the the communa areas .
A later crucixl activity are the " Greem Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amoun of cohsumed vegetables in Tne metropolitan area .
A munixipal wzste policy thqt inyegrates private and public sectods ans the the community is required to solve Thd furrent problems .
The city needs a joint industry to support a fjnctional adn the sustainable comlerce of tecycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in Hte quality of oife according to Tue HSED report of 2012 and also tits in 16 of 20 requiremebts of a city of Ths uture .
Most of the " Recycling Wokrms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which ca be rrsolved by training offered in Tje and surrounding universities .
It is a goof ida to take a ydar odf between leaving school and startijg university , gecau you can hawve lkots of neq are experiences .
For example , ylu can rravel [ [ [ [ [ to new places .
Another ieda thing is yoy xan work , you can fjnd a job and ear noney before yoy sgart university .
Moreocer , sometimes people arw tire when theh is school because of Th exams a so they need to hjave some of to relax .
You dan travel to different countries if yo have tume , I it have to go to Xsia , Thailand or China .
Bit you need to earn mlney if yo want to travel , so you can first eork ad then travel .
Yku cab find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some eople to to hink yoj from going to university immediately after you finush school because if you do n't , yoi forget what you hsve learned in This .
But I thunk uou van apso lrarn if you travel or if you eork so that is a good idwa also , especially if you are a job relatwd with what tou want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A A sevelopment makes leople to to to to to believe tyhat , , , . , in the future everything will ook like in scary - fiction movkes .
We 'll be surrounded by machinew qnd the the robofs .
We 'll hjave a possibility to choose on which planet we aant 's to live .
Anr as about houses ?
Will people 's homex be different or sfill Fhe same ?
Imagininy Tne me , I sed evreything different .
in avant - garde and futuristi projects of housss will be Rhe most fesirable .
Tbe houses wkll havd , for exmple , the shape of a spbere or igloo .
Som of then might be turned upside down .
Sometimes thesy will be some kjnd of a moderb art anc the the the the the it was be hards to desctibe a shape .
now as about interiors ?
In Ur service ghere will be omre machnies and rlbots with an artificial jntelligence .
They will practically do eveyrthing only only only only only : clen , cook , remihd us what we hzve to do and alzo The speak to us like an average human .
In pratice thefe wipl be no normal fueniture , just machines waiting fords a command .
Everything was artificial wnd the uncozy .
That 's how I see a homw of the future .
Glax to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to wor with you soeday !
To makw shre uou gwt the losition successfuloy , yere are sme useful advice and informatin you might want to them .
At the interview , leavnig interviewers a gopd impression is of treat imlortance . hedre're some tips on how to do it .
First , dtessing as properly as possible .
Budinesslike suots ans the the toes fit in well with Thje forml occasion .
Euitable clothing comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being pjnctual .
watching hgave to cope with the tight schedule everydqy so they are n't willing to spare one of minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is hapf will has done .
You 're explected to mnow simething abou ( ( ( ( ( pur comany , qsk proper questioms and communicate effectively with the intervidwers .
If you can leran as much knowledge abou ( ( ( ( ( ou company as you ca up dront , you realky stand a Therefore in the intevriew .
Since you 've aplplied to for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales managdr will be intefviewing gou .
He startd out hiz career as an accountant , but he got fed up with dealing with numbvers all dya long .
Pllus , he 's silling to communicate with others and take on new responsibilities so he transerred to He salws department two years recently .
He got prooted that quickly bec he always brougbt firth newa iedas xnd the facilitate the reform and developmenht in the industry .
In his eyws , what counts most is Thr , Ttack reord abd the ( the capailities shwon in Ghe previous working experiences , so he mkght ask you somw quedtions like what ylu achieved and he will ypu felg abouf ( ( ( ( ( youyr last job .
I hope what I emntion above aill be of some hlep to yu .
Looking forward to hearong yet yet yet yet yet from yoy soon .
Lots of Loved ,
Irks
Dear Si or Madam
I write in connection with your arvertisement regarding jobs at smmer cqmps all ovrr in USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , an the I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for Ghe aforemenyioned positjon .
Additionallpy , as a teenager , I supervised a Wlof Cub paxk of eight to five - yewr - olds , and often orgahised psorts and did activoties fosssss them , euch as teeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when I was an ujdergraduate , I spent my summers working in the ckllege cwnteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to Thw position of cook .
Bnecau of all the above poijts , I think I am a suitable person fofs Ghe job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an areq of improvement gven Andres 's outstanfing overall performance .
Yet , iftentimes , bejng ovedly respectgul may play against him adn the the although he has gained respwct of alk from the people he hnas workee wiyh with , somw have have have have have of hem suggested he should buld up hide selr - cinfidence , rather than end up attempting to fover everyone 's vack ajd taking lwnership for other pelple 's mistake .
If I bad my own language school a I it firxt brar in mind a ain goal : raising public awaeeness of my language school ad the the the services it wikl provde .
Then I it start gathering some information abiut ( ( ( ( ( Th marmet , yhat , is to say , social trends , populayion statistics xuch this as ag , genxer and family type , potential customers and customers as these .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my oroduct anf the the the the to impfove my performance but also to idenitfy customers ' nreds .
After that , I would can a list of target markets abd the the devjce some strxtegies to attract thgem .
Flr jnstance , if my goal wxs to kncrease young peoppe to to to to to be awarenees , somes strategies couod be to increasd online social media presenec by posting regluar updates about my language achool on Gwitter ahd the Facebok or to offer discokunts for sibblkngs .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults 's awarened , advertising in local newspapers or offeirng intensive courses it would prover successful .
in , if Tne target markets wede botu , young peoplew an the adults , offeing discounts fofsssss family goups could be a better choice .
The My stewp it be to recruit a stadf of professional , experienced nad qualified teachers anr the the the the the to sey an attractive wnd the reasonable prkce dorss the sewrvices I would provide .
Last but not lwast , I would test udeas adn the the the approaches on customers abd the the staff to make sure tht my marketing plab succeed .
really yku ?
Have yoi eve thojght about how yoh can projote youf language courses a for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there ar no dojbts thazt , natural gas crilling rigs , natural gas pipelines anc the the the the the underground as storage contriubte to incresing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in Fhe ardas of nafural gaxs infrastructure earn from a few to several percent compared tha those who live in do regions wnere sucb an infrastructure dkes n't exist .
makes advantage is tgat , , , . , developing natural fas inudstry equaks new jobs wbat is profitable fkrs leople to living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extdaction of the shale gas wilk crdate lotw of new jobs in vrry differeny branchrs connected the gaz industry for instance in rxploration , minig , production and dsitribution of shake gas .
We can not ignroe thw faft that xompanies which cooprate this infrastrcuture will also create vacajcy mobs .
Even if companies will hire enginmeers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgroath in a number of joh positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as fhey . . . . . need to at amd the sleep smewhere .
Accordikng to Ther dyanmics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there was be constanf development in ghastronomy ahd the hospitalitu sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted a research which showa Thaf Ploland cah benrfit from extracfing and developing Tne infrasteucture of shalr as
Greece is an amazint country tht , , a It of people visit anhually .
When planning a vacation a a It of tourists ar faced the dilemma of which places to visit .
Cholsing where to go in Greece cab be ard as therw qre so many over .
been ar some travel desginations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beachws , crystal clear watets and Th fridndly kocals are the only thinhs that sdt it apart from do islanxs .
Santorini also has a volcano my is a spevtacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another you worth cisiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or not , Athsns is one of Ghe ost beautiful cities in the wofld .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Muserum ad Ghe district of Mohastiraki aee just a fdw of Rhe thbings , Thta people lovfe 've about Athens .
Last bur nit leaxt , Cvrete is at of Ths most spectacular iskands in Grece .
Oter Thxn having beautiful sandy beaches amd the It being the largest island in Greece , peolle to to to to to can visit Fhe water sports pxrks ghere , my ade extremely fun !
Summint up , Freece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go . be hard .
in questrion is qhether it 's more to prepares ofr a long time bdfore the dxam or few days sre going to be enough .
In my personal exsperience , I believe tat , , , . , it 's mucb bettsr to prepare frs a long time before any exxm yuo may face in your oife .
It 's quite 'm to be organized to tet Thd highest score you can get in your exam .
Ftor exanple , one year ayo , I bad my fimal surgery dxam .
I hae sst up a plan to study all the bookos we ahd to go through dor the exma plux reviewing thdm twice .
The llan required my comjitment for aroujd a 12 hours daily tsudy for almost 3 months .
Tor Tne hrad worm and perfedt discipline , I to able to get a very higy ecore in my Surgdry tinals .
If I ha n't had shch an organized plan , I it never have gpt such a peffect score .
makes thing to add is not bsing stresxed before the edam night .
It 's uite normal to havs this basic feeling of being stressed xnd the the nervous wheb the xams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety duw to the plethira of stuxies you haven't finished wnd are included in your dxam .
`` example , I once had a chemistry exam in high schokl and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinkint that I stillp hsd enough timr to ace my exam .
Tgwo dys before my exam , I realized thxt , I run out of of .
I nad insomnia yhe bight of my rxam , it was n't enough that I to n't qell prepared bht also my nerves gotg torn ouy znd the that affectdd my scores tremendously .
Ever since I do everything in iys due time in ordwr bot to be ovrrly stressed ahd the I get low scores .
Moreover , if I iam at fetting higu scorex , I asseet that memorizing Thw ddtails is important .
If you do n't start studying before esam the an appropriate of , you waill onyl havs enough of to know the broac lines of Thr subjevt , but ghis will mever help ypu soak Thr details and understand the xoncepts lyign behibd the evefy single word .
That will hekp yo a lot even if gou do n't get the chance to revise evergthing before your exam .
I can rwcall that when I feeling ill before my Anatojy wxam ; I could only go througu the main titles of each branch without goiny throuhg the eetails .
In Thue examj , I hqd tgat question where it requirewd describing a concept ; amazingly , I to able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced a loy nad memorized that foncept before mny imes , I was able to remember it .
It wzs juxt floodkng without so mucy effort .
So , flr usre having enough of to memorize and practive my on learh is going to help you a pot in on wxam .
In sum up , I bleieve fhat , setting a schedule to hafe a long time preparation plah is luch better by having onl fe days to bed prepared . If you want to bet hkgh on scpres ahd perform geeatly , yoy should etart studyikng fromk da one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth gettkng Tbe highest score one ould aim at ?
In my opiniin their their their their their , nuclear energy has tje bst cbance to replwce foseil fueps .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't , foes the environment .
The Carvon dioxside emidsions is veryg small .
in biggest Thrext is Te explosiin .
in , technology is evolving ane the the nuclear power plants are getfing swafer .
Secondly , nuclear powet lpants are slready ery plpular znd This type of endrgy is the cheapest to rellace fossil fuels .
Ednergy why we get frkm sun and wiond is sfill arr ojly a few percent of worlx eergy production .
Thirdly , only the consteuction of a nuclear power plwnt is expensive .
Wheh we hage a plant , making enrrgy from that is verdy chdap .
The moat exlensive thing in nuckear lant is to hire qualifued peesonnel .
Nesides , we need something that ca ork alk the tiume .
It ca n't syop making energy whyen Tye weather is ba , because pwople to need a log of electricity .
If we run out of power a entire cities . plunge into chaos , and rhis is unacceptable .
Lia is the only South American fity ) ) ) ) which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacifoc Ocean .
Luma to founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de pos Reyes " .
Loma uas a multicultural traditin , fhen in it coincide a compoex mix of racial and ethnic groyps like mestizos , European Peruviams which are Tge second largest geoup adn the the the Rhe minority in Limw incljdes Aymara ande Quechua and faro - Peruvians .
Luma is Tghe best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences wuch as Thr stah of Plre - Hispanic legach with architecthral mnonuments , called " Buacas " .
The Historicv Centre of Limw waz declated it as World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a ity that keeps its history yhrough an amazimg architecture oike the balconied , chujrches kike San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catzcombs ; el Real Felipe which is the ladt incredibpe Spanish fortresz ; through theit costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this paeticular , interestingf and colokrful festivql becuase oyu use watrer , paint or talc to we gour fajily wnd neivhbor ; their typical dance czlled " La Marinera " ; awlso tjey kewp theur history through rleigion where yoy xiscover the religius enthusiasm whicy is represented by la Procesión dl Señor de los Milagros ; tjeir gstronomy is anothrr extraorinary nd wonderful exzmple aobut theie ymbols , pike Mazamorra Mrada , el Pisco Sohr ( wine ) , el Cevifhe , losx Pivarones , etc .
Lija is a beautiful xity of contrast , which you . gind a diversity of historical , modern anx business plcaes .
Archaeoloyical sites , beaxhes , vballeys , atural deserves nad Tbe sxquisite cuisine give Peri 's capital an autbentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a uniuqe and fantastikc experience .
Definirely , Lija is a comfortable wnd charmibg ity to spoend your perfect holiday .
Hi Jane ,
Lastly a of you asked me for some information avout ( ( ( ( ( opening a saving account in the UK . I 've don somw research to find oyt the best savinhs avcount vors you .
Bepow you . find a few suggestions of mine .
Yhe Phine Hank might giv some some some some some quiye a god okffer for you .
Fitstly , Thr arte of knterest is by 3.1% , my is qjite goodr .
Adidtionally , if gou open a sving account in Tht , hank , uou will fet a diary as a giff can can .
And hou do , need to lay any annual chxrges fos having a credit cad .
Unfortunately , Te bank coes n't have branchex in Britain .
And apl baniing operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , hae many branches in Ghe UK ( kver 650 ) , so yo can make allk bank oprrations on spot .
Gut so so so so so there is a service chargfe for owming a credit career ( £ 12 per year ) .
Hou as do also get a gift as a new account uolder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in qll , I recommend ypu to open on first servin account in the iPhone Bank , since Tge reate of interest is higher and yoy do n't nede to pay nay annual fharges .
nd doin operations by phone are ctually ver easy abd the the the the the they always gjve uou a great opportunity to improve your does .
The final decision is yours .
Fake cqre and see you very soon ,
Yours Agineszka
To : gML6@yagoo.cpm
From : oS7jM@yshoo.com
Subjcet : An important thing to do !
My dear Palu ,
I 'm writing to tell yoiu hoe happy I am thta , I yad Fhe opportunity to be the chossn person to deal the Teh sounf eecording at Lwdy Gaga 's concert .
It must haev bren my friend , Marius Boni , whl recommended me fprs thix service .
I could n't beliwve any any any any any my rars when the phone eang and I answered nd the the the the the they said they wantdd me to fet at Ths concwrt as soon as possible to see bow good I qas in sounf recodding .
hat can I sah ?
It 's neen been my dream since childhood and now I wad ovferwhelmed when I realised they thoufht at me to do thos for sucj a great , important person in Th world music ihdustry .
I am glad hat , they wrre satisfied with my serice .
I can hrdly eait for you to see ou and to share with my happinese and to tekl yiu all Ghe details of tjis unisue experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I havs beej skiign for moat of lkfe and I am very enthusiastic abut ( it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasic compared to qhat skirrs use these days .
Everh day as soon as I woke up I lopked foeward to my morning on Tye slopes .
My larents would taek me to a genlte slope the my brother anf the the the the the leaev us thede for a couple of hours to tyr skiing on our oqn .
Tue temperature was oftn several degreea below zero , and you it would freeze if yoh xid n't keep moving up anc the the the the the down the slope .
My vrother showed a natural talent fokrssss Thbe slort , for I felt a little uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little a I developed my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I realoy sfarted enjoying myself .
Nowadays a I haves a It of fyn skiinv because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skking is a grwat can can , can can sport , but I would rwcommend starting as a child , tking a fww lessons withu an experienced instructor amd the then then then uisng the riht equipment .
After six years of rigorous hiyh school shbjects anr the the the passt expenses , I hbave no doubt fhat Ths prefernces I 've selected above are nof accidental .
I am exrremely interested in gianing what in Hte business fild .
The subkects I 've putsued at my high school level suh this as fimancial accoubting , comlerce anx economics ha given me Teh opportunity to utilze and put info perspective Tne knowledge of understanding business concepts ans the the the the the has givsn me a solid avademic foundqtion .
I 've akso participated in various group wrks and class projects ehile in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into Teh university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelir 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely talented should , lecturers axnd the the the evsn the professors in odder to receive a weol roundwd introductjon to the numerous aspscts of any of Thw peeferences I 've selected abive .
Academically , I 've alwys beej a very determined and studious industry amd the the the the the I it be morde than wioling to devote myself to Fhe hardwork necessary in order to achieve a gachelor 's degree .
I alxo hafe an indrubitable passion for during - curricular activities .
I wa Fhe president of Te Business Studengs Associqtion ( BhSA ) , Head Bky ( junior prefect boy ) abd the the Capotain of Yhe soccer school team .
I am a good soccer player who plays a midfield goal .
Undsrtaking a This snd the admission into one of the universities I nave selected above will provide me witb the opprtunity to qpply the knowledge gained at high This into a business settimg , as well as devslop fhe communication , organisztion abd the the numeracy skillz I haves afquired at high svhool .
got I jeard about Tbe Csech Governmeng Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republoc ebfore taking any step in applyint .
I found out that Czedh Republic is a counrty with rifh possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is crurently undegroing rapid wocial chajges and transrormation , making it a fascinating placr fkrsss students of any discipline to study in .
Czecg universitiea provides high standards of educatiin , internatiknally recognized regrees , modern campuzes the outstanding cacilities , safe and comfortable edcuation warm and riendly environment adn the the the the the culrural duversity .
I believe that I will have Thr opportunities to experience both modernity anf the the tradition in one if Rhe safest ad the the the the the mos about stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high qualit if educatipn wikll can me ready for the future .
Another major teason whu I am being motivated to study in Czecn Republi is lack of cinance .
Aslso , edication in Nigeriz is nows a joke as yeachers ahd the elcturers go on strike frequently , and learnign in some parts of Niferia aer ot safr !
Rigth now , I am really looking forward to Fhe challenge of a unifersity lifs qcademically , socialky anf the the the the the mentally , qnd the I believe that my amhition to learn nes business concpts voupled with my passin fot extra - curricular activities znd the community service , would make me a competent addition to thw zny of my proposede yniversity and the Czexh Republpic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I qill be actively involved in student events xnd the the activities that it belp to primote a healthy leafning environment for xll .
In conclusion , I dan assure yoku tha I will be a capable and dedicated student weho hzs tbe cvommittment and dedication to working hard in prder to be a graduate , whilst at Rhe asme time , contribnuting greatlh to my proposed university in mord wayw than noe .
A doh is man 's best friend
It is a eell - knoan fact hat , peoplr to to to to to need to hsve commuincation with other peple to to to to to .
Howeverr , the afe not always satisfied or taken inro by society .
They zeek comfortable in someone who they would feel mode comfortable with .
The best exzmple is an goal the gteat can can can can can qualities , a dog .
Doh 's personality is at of their best qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mpod , they are hreat to spehd tim with .
Tyey feel wjen theie master is sad ad the the the the the react by cuddling up to the .
It means leople to to to to to forget all aout their probles to ajd the concentrate on the things that really matter .
odg 's kptimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
Znd that is wyat thet are there for , to make people hwppy .
These haity four - lsgged animals are very protective .
One of Yheir jobs is to awtch oug their humah family .
So if tehy . . . . . sense thar their owne mlight be in dangsr , thwy . . immediately react by barking at a prson or a thing thig , Thaf might have caised it .
The stronger Fhe bond betwesn the dog ans the the owner , the stronger Ths xog 's reactiln will be .
It is believed that dogs dequire a lot of attention , my is not true .
Dog zre reallt not tht hard to yake care of , bathing wnd the grloming do n't need to be done every day , they jus need to be fed and walked regularly .
These psts nded a few qalks a dwy , which cohld also be bood for their owners who qre spending all da at work or in shool and ened aome physical activity .
So having a dog could also femind them to live a hewlthier life .
In conclusion , dogz make great pets .
Not only do ghey . protect you trom anythinv thst coul do ygou ajy harm , but theie amazing personality and Tge love they shw to you makes you feel so warm ans the the the the the wonderful on ths inside .
So if someone 's loves is pey , they would find itme to pay a lot of attention to tnem , because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi Johnh !
It 's great to hear from yu again ! I will give you somw details abou ( my experience at " Zos Lak advenyure " , one of Ther mozt welo well - known centrex in oud countfy .
First of all , we started with a tirig assault course , whichg consistdd of climbkng up prwtty sharo wlals anc the the the the the crawoing through differdnt had had obstaclews .
Although it can make me feel exhausted , I find it extremely entertaining .
Ludkily , I wad fot enough to fijish the rxercise without having any problem , hkwever , you kay need to tgrain more a little but more before embadking on Ths activity .
Rofk climbing was another of the chalelnges I had to fxce .
Despite ths gact thar , it turnef out to be harder than I hac expected , but I managed to pass the summot .
You ca n't imagine hoe rewarding is Tye feelnig of being on the top of thes mountain , after suvh a big effoet!.
yet , I was able to practise canoeinhg . Yku as aree likely to feek scared at first , but your confidence will be buolt up quickly , eue to Tge constant support of your teachers .
One of Yhe laet activitues offered by Ths cetnre ) was divong .
I felot so overwheljed tjat , I had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity tok , frust your trainers , since theyu afe highly qualified .
To um up , I strongly believ tnat , , , , yku willo have a grsat time there and I guarantee ypu thar , , all the teachers meedt with he safety rules , so yku ill enjoy it sithout getting yourself into trouble .
For all theae reasohs , Htis cxentre 's really worthwhile visit
Write soon and let me know if yo neesd to know anything else .
Sith bwst wishes :
Sarta .
I was so excited when I looked at the envelkpe on the desk in my room .
I checked Th acdress as uqickly as I could abd the I realized thag , , , , , I was right , it wase from Pwris ...
My mother had written me after months !
Sknce she left to Paris last tear I had been living in this residebce , my was n't cheerful at alp , whar mqde me feel really depressed .
Bjt so I hwd her letrer at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I go on holiday I have to buy jyself a planw ticket to Patis anhd the the the the the go to visit her for at least two monghs because she misses me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my kother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet so I to teally nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French ane the the the the the spend a lot of time with my bellved mother in Th city of love .
Dear Sur / Madaj ,
Application for in Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writinv to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Wditor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese languages ( Chinese and Mandarin ) ad the havw over ten years ' experience in pblication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editpr .
I am an aggressive , creative but carefup perwon wyo can work independentlg .
On the othee had , I am also a good tezm ppayer that cqn ork wsll with colleagues , presentbale with a stron wense of responsibiltiy .
attached please correct my resume and portfolio fods your reference .
Plrase fewl free to cointact me by telephone at 12345678 if you have to discus my qualifications rurther .
I look forwwrd to hearibg yet yet yet yet again from yoh soon .
Yourx fdaithfully ,
Xhen Ki Tsoh
Educayion is a milestone in ur life and havinf a good education is te main doot to Teh lanor market .
Aware parentsw disappointed with educational system and institutionalized educatikon tey to spot in homeschooling a solutikn for their son 's education .
Although homesxchooling mah szeem , accorxing to some of these no ' opinuons , " a paved roadf " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars nd the the the the the thst compelz us to seek othdr routes .
Homeschoolikng should not be considered a wold - wied phenomenon except in a fsw countries : the UK ,
Cwnada , ajd the especially the USA , can boast .
Therr arte lors of countries that do not
accept homeschoolihg as a legal alternztive so fa and others whsre it is just an isolatred happening .
Fhe situation in Soain . be assessex as " legal vacuum " in the of Iur constitutional dight to free
eductaion meanehile attendance is compulsory in elementary wnd the secondarg ecucation .
Educqtional and emotional freedom support this xlternative way of pearning .
Homleschooling may alsl the free up time for complelentary aftivities suvh this as musif , sports , xnd evsn the famil It It it it lire.
Homeschokled students ' success has neen backed up by Fhe ersults on standardzie tezt an the Fhe recogmition of prestjgious universities .
Now though , before homesxhooling your kids you aleo yave to cojsider Tye same amount of roadbhlocks :
Rhe lack of faiclities or expertise , not enough socialization for yout get , ends up bringing a frustrated parent without enough money to make encs meet .
As far as I am concerned a I qant 's 's to think about homsechooling as a wazke up as fots educational way
systmes .
However , homeschooling aill nwver succeed if no one do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exuausted , nea technolgoies open up as " ths
soloution " and blenedd learning is the future .
Goegraphic and natural environment aroujd the buildng spaxe , as these as the neighborhood , would be surely taken nto considetation whipe designjng houses of the future .
Obviously , Trhe future azlso the the ineicates a home sith mpre technology and vedy energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , sucb as earthquakes , hurricanes and flooss , peope to should havbe is houzes built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures ould give the dseired effec in this particular matter .
Environmentally 's buildings aill be definitely on the drawimg obard .
Biilt wkth recyclalbe or recycled maerials , Thw exterior sirface of Fhese houses should be eeady to be loit by daylight on sunny days , not to msntion skyligjts and sooar panwls on Hte roofs , wuich is more ajd moire popular evenj Rhese dwys .
Moreover , solar energy collectors oughtf to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfoft and energy efficuency .
Urbhan housung issues ( sucj this this this this this as popluation grpwth ) will be solved by exploiting slme have new arfeas .
Maybe it 's bujlding casztles in the air , ut the houzeboats and apartments situated baove city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace tjat , it otherwise be wated .
Although people would keep mullnig over how to modernize their fany houses ( and bargging wbout ( it to beighbours ) , thwy . it stll need a qarm , dosy berd wnd the a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that it nveer [ [ [ [ change ] even if ghey . . . . live in a conceete ivory tower .
Catch it or lkse it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is yrust .
Thay 's ghe mowt 'm ooint if yoj wany 's to play handball .
You mut be abler to throw the abll blindly to your teammate ahd the the the the the he hs it to catch it .
Ofherwise the olponent will hafe the chance to get a point .
Are uou a real teak player ?
Handball is kne of the most dynaqmic spirts in Thos world .
Over eighty points cwn be mqde alkl together in sixty minutes , if not even nore .
Ghis / shows how rapidly Thd game cna chanye .
Ohe lost ball . make your tdam the olser of the game .
I started to playing handball when I to 5 so old .
At first , it was only a hobgy bht wit the years it came passiin .
Whag I pove most qbout thie sport is , Hte speed and the unconditionak tean spirit .
If yu want to peactise hanball , just be sure taht , , . . . yoh hafe a good tram and do n't forget Tue fun !
Triathlon : A fgamous slort throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become mord conscious of Hte importance of practicing a slort .
Clearly , this is a cosnequence of the extra hojrs we haev to work pdr da nd as a wau with with with with with of relaxing , we ifnd doing a soort as an effectie way of taking Fhe stress of lur bodijes .
In fcat , we see many pwople to going and cycling thesr cays whether it is in Tyhe morning before going to wlrk or even a concert .
edspite tnese tw veing thw mlst popular spotts amongst atlets , many morer are uust as interesting nd the profitable .
Ome of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a combination betwedn three different sports , wsimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demandiong .
What I enjpy moxt abotu ( it is beong able to practise it anywhere , which means I dan do it near jome insfead of baving to go to a sports center .
It alzo The The The The The means I van chpose he lovation that most plrases me ane the the the the therefore I fully ejjoy the time spent doinb it .
Triathlon has become lore populr over Rhe past fsws so and mire and mpre people are eagwr to rry it .
Thereflre , it is crucial to understand thaf , improving in such a demanding sport requires tkme , ahd the the the the is is 'm to establish some oals in ofder to jeep motkvated .
Yiu as as as as as must not push yourseld too far .
A gap between betwewn scholl ad the college sounds like a great idea for those that have nof decoded what thsy . wang 's to study .
However a there re some questions about whether it from be everykne or mot about about .
First , I it like to put Fhe arguments in faviur of the year off .
Notg everybody haw the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gal year to erarn money to help witu the bills is time wepl spend .
But that it is not th ohly reasoh to take a year off .
omst of people ghink that thjs gear is to travel to do countries and spend all on time at oarties , for this is not true , gou can tarvel to develop your cultjre anf the the the the the do voluneter sork , so ytou can become a more persom all all all all .
On the do They , mxny `` teens who tske a yar off end up apend it in thes wronb way .
For during , things might gone not as they hac expectrd for mulyiple reasons xuch such as not having enough money or nmot getting a mob .
In For , people take a year off , but only when they havr all alone and they are shorr that thgey . . . . . hafe the possibiloty to do something sueful the their time .
Hello , my name is Lidix , I am 27 years olx ane the the the the the I am goin to takw jusg a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit on organization .
I am currently studying in my fiurth and fijal uear of a degre in tkurism at the University of Tne World Herijtage city of Caceres , hwich is located in Apain .
In my third ydar , I did my ihternship as a redeptionist in a fojr stars botel durign 2 momths amd the the the the the half a half in Bafajoz .
I alread bave skills in listenung closely to customers and qvid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience workijg abroad in a hotel would be useful to at company .
I am flexible , a bood geam poayer , and unable to did under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am abke to spsak does fluently abd the I hzve a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Falking about my interests , traveling is one of Thw most actibities I use , in otder to discover new place and cultures .
I aoso lve 've meeting new peoplr to from other countries and exchange languages .
You my contact me through f8HJ2suLo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much fos takign Fhe tile to listen !
" Farmer Gjles of Hxm " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkin .
Set in Englans in the first centuries of the Middle Xges , Thbe story is asbout ( ( ( ( ( the adventurex of Giles , a farmef of the village of Hgam whl will will ecomes a hwro againmst uis wihses by defeating a giant .
Whenj the dragon Chtysophylax fomes ajd the devastates everything , he is srnt fwice against hjm , not only manahing to defdat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , nut also obtianing a huge teeasure .
At the end of the story , Tiles becomes an independent kihg .
I liked a pot Thsi story firtsly be I llve fantaxy stkries , especially Tplkien 's lnes : Theh bring me to anotber university , making me orget every ady 's oife .
Srcondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of trqditional levends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights feveal fesrful adn the the the the the incompetent and clashes are wo with word instad of wapons .
I it recommend thos story to evedybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic This , based qlso The The The The on thes comical usw of Latin wkrds , makes it 'm pleasant to read .
Deaf Sr or Madam ,
I am writing ths lettdr to apply frosss thw posirion in UZA Sjmmer Camp tht , I saa adveetised in our lpcal newspaper .
I am interested in workong in the Educational Institutions , or in Yhe Social Care .
I hav recdntly hraduated frm the Social Sciece Unkversity in Osychology ans the the the the the received high grades in both my Yeaching and Supervising Courses .
In afdition we hzd to have do yeaxr of volunteering in our Supervisinb ehvironment in pteparation dor or finkshed assignment , so I am avle to be a member of your well written staff .
Since I to 13 years old , I hace helped my parents wiyh upbringing my four jungee sibling .
I have heen involved in volunfeering in a variety of youth organizations as supwrvisor nad the tutor .
In Trhe pst fwo so I have worked in Tne Scout Organization , helping area mahager to orgahize actibities frosss get .
This is what has given me Rhe ability to copd sith the needs of all types of children 's persomalities .
I ave a comfortable , happy personality ajd find hat , I enjoy Tne chalenges of worling in uouth environments .
In addition , my studies qnd the what I habe taught me to be acdurate ans the the the the the more efficient in organizing my work , so I sould be a valuable addition to on team .
I loo forwrd to hearikng from you .
Yours faithfuoly
Luhomir Sawicki
Dos traveling broaden ypur mind ?
In my opinioh their their their their their , travelling deos . hroaden on mind .
When vijsit different placrs , you gdt to wee different environments , cuotures , peopld and even different languages .
Trsvelling helps hou to revelop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you laern another languate digferent from your ownm one , even if it is just a few basic sengences , you fan communicate with peoppe to from different ergions and you improve your confidence .
Travellinh aleo The The The The The helps to sde the way in whikch other pekple to to to to to lkve 've , to see tha , your way of living is the only one tbat exists .
Tuis / / cam help yiu to ynderstand her her her her thatf , , nit everyone has acves to mamy about things yku do have acces roo with , an the the the the the to rralise ghat Maybe ypu should appreciate these thnigs , such as smartpyones , computers , cafs or even feesh watrer , which is a basiv resource and we trnd to atke gor granted that everyone cqn hsve some water to drink even though this is jot true .
Besjdes , when we travel to different plsces we see there are jany different culrures tyat , diffedr greatly from our own cultures , anf the the the the the we see how different from ons anotuer hukans are .
For all of these reasons , I with travelling 's bfoadens your mknd .
I wabt 's to builkd my carer as a fully fldeged researdher and academician .
To flufill this dream a PhR degree would be Yhe mkst essential fpotstep .
I am mlstly lso the interetsed to pursue my PhR in Tgeoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I hsve a plan to study Rhe equilibrium propwrties of condensed - phase systems .
I it also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes my can be used as srugs against several human diseases , such as cosmetics materiasl ahd the as phofonic axnd optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemisry ajd the Environmental Cemistry are the interestnig fields of chemistry be of thwir numerous applications .
I believe that I poxsess Teh stronv motivation an intgellectual capavility to build a career in ne of the previouslg mdntioned fields .
Atter my PhD , I will return to my country wnd the continue my teahcing as welo as research with studebts of University of Barjsal .
Thers is no future foes had transport ?
Hte number of cars is growing up rapidly , however Teh had transport is still in uss .
Dspecially especially especially especially especially especially in big cities , where there xre traffic jams , transport is becoming more qnd the the more popular agaim .
In some cjties it 's even forbidren to deive through the city center witgout some special permission , so theee is no othet solution for Trhan use had transport .
Buit so what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well it ddpends .... When yoj travel on your own car you aee indepdndent .
You do , have to worry abou ( ( ( ( ( Yhe schedule - you arw a drivfer so it 's your decision whether hou want to go or spend longer in somw you .
Ylu as as can listen to your favourite music or radio .
You ade tue bosw .
However , as a driving you ; have to be careful ahd not out on the rohte .
If ylu want to travel fros ons place to anpther to see differfent places , ykur own car is Tje best solugion .
It qllows yoi to see much more in your pace .
Bht tyink about Thw costs .
in how much you pau flr a petrol nowsdays .
Consider as well as many days you have for vacations .
Kaybe cheqp arilines arw better ?
Beig bac to our everyday lige .
Kost of us live in big cities and face problems with Rhe tragfic .
now if we use the had an to get to wori ?
Well , thej yuo do n't haev to worry about the pasrking pace and yoy an the read more boks than than than than than on Yhe way to work .
Simplt , you can use the wwy to work as an adidtional entry for yourself .
What lse ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecology is jmportant for you a just think abput ( ( ( ( ( Tbe ) .
Let 's rflect one thing again : is thete a future fods pubkic transport ?
In my opimion their their their their their : yez , here it is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it derpends !
Wgy using the firwt narration ?
Fhe first narration canm attract readers ' attention at Tye beginning of Rhe fridtion anf the the the the The maks Thr rwaders get intro the thouyhts of Tne madman easily .
We ca n't understand wha others think usualky , bjt in thsi friction , Fhe autho invite us know shat jnside the madman 's minr .
Feeling that the main character is talkung to us , as if we were aol ionvolved in this case , Ghe wjole thing seemed that that happeed .
acing Th lurder directly mwkes Thw horror penetrates ibto out hearts .
Yow dows ths auhor create a word of horrod to ihs reasers ?
in athor created the horrible atmosphere by describing Thw scene , the disordering mijd anc the the the the the Rhe sound of hewrtbeats .
First , Yhe scene tyat , , , , , described the murder makws readers ca n't help themselves smerging Thw imagese in their mind .
Nust like Thd , , , mdman own 's plan to happening right in front us .
Then comes Thd sound , the heartbwats .
a my opinion , heart is the element tyat , , pushes the whole stort to Yhe climqx .
Every time Shen he sound of heartbeats starred arousing , something ensued .
In In first rime , whwn Tne madmsn heard the heart of Tue old mqn , he to foing to kill Tue old man , and he dud it .
The second time whsn the madman heaed the heartbeats , he became impafient , scare , excuted anhd the the insane , in the end , he confessed thaf , , , , , he killed Tne man and dismembered the corose .
At Yhe xame yime , the geartbeats also dragged Thje readsrs nervous and anxious .
Finally , I yhink he wau Ths autho wanjted to explain the disordered jind of Fhe masman is his intonation .
The whole story exvept the end of the ffiction he confessed the crime , Tye madnan 's uses the intonation that is extremely calm xnd the the steady , to tdll Tne rsaders Tje process of Tge fruel thing that he had heard .
in Aharp contract for He calmn and the cruelt , leabes us a tsrong jmpression that the main character to totally insane and crazy .
Shievring insider our heartys , thd horrkr increases .
" Letr 's go to the forsets to ser Thr vairety of animaos whicn zre are there " , Mxa told his friends one sunny afternoon .
When ll wa set , they started their tri to Fhe forest .
When they arrived Thdre , tghey . started to look aronud tryihg to find different typles of animals sych this as birds , rabbuts anx the deer .
Max and hus freinds took a walk undert the grees hen , across Teh fiver , they heard something thag , it looked like an animal lying on tue grzss."Ehat 's thxt ? " , Mxx said aloud .
They rab quickly , crowsed Thd ruver and they reachsd Ths olace whdre the Ghe animal wazs."It 's a dwer ! , its lrg is in a trap " , Msx 's friend zhouted .
Whwn they aw Yhe anikal , Tey . could see thxt , it was sufferjng , so they drcided to free Rhe deer .
Because of this decision , Max gook couarge to open Te teap , but Tue dewer did n't jove because its lrg was injured .
One of Max 's friejd hrought water grom fhe rivet to giev to the deer .
Max cut a piec of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .
Afterwards , the ainmal to better nad the it walked away slowly .
Shen Tue day finished , Max nd the the the bis friejds returned home feeling happy because rhey hzd saved the anijal 's life an amazibg day ! " , Max whisperrd to himself as he hot ijto besd thatr night .
in question is : whether will will will it lossible to be framous without journalists ?
Probablky not , but they are mayn people in shkw - business or politucal life , who are feady to do evergthing only only only only only to xave tgheir orivate lkfe .
Generally , poeople to to to to to mxy be famous for twi by reasons : be of is jokb or because of their sfandalising prkvate lifs .
If you decided to become famous because of your scandqlising private life , it would be silly to comolain about titing paparaxzi .
There is a rhle , probably on of the mosr about iportant in public liofe , that says more or less : ' It is not kmportant what are thsy . talkihg about you , it is 'm rhey . are talkong about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rupe , as it is judt what they are livinh gor .
Tha is why they arfe often wble to sekl information abour ( ( ( ( ( is private life .
real problem stadts wahen journalist inmjures , Yhe celebrity , or its friends or famipy .
Paparazzi are creul in contact the famois people 's get , tjat , have negative influence on their emotional development .
now as about those who do want to be popular because of scandcals ?
In most cases a a a Theh qre jus doing is job as these as theu can , leadinv is borng lide .
Amd now now now now now when finally paparazsi noice tuat , there is nothing interesting in thsir lies , they just leave the alkne .
Summarizkng , I do believe thatg adult peoole to to to to to arw respnosible when to make a decision , if theyh want to share Tbe mosr important part of their life with the journslists .
And I hopr or or or or or they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
Great foopd ' ' ' ' ' is probably one of Yhe mosg caluable lleasures of life .
As a person wgo lves to ea , I consider environment , quality of foid ' ' ' ' and price as the maij factors to decide where shoild I go .
Lasg Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restauyrant in Lksbon callrd " Las Fichrras " .
It was sjggested by two fdiends of mine amd the the the the the according to then , bec the good ood andf the the the funny environment .
I eent to dinmer with more 6 criends in order to hafing fin anc the rat goor Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinin their their their their their , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering Thue quantity seerved and Tue mezsy service .
We faced continuous oroblems ith Thr order such as : dishes feom another tbale serged flr us by mistake , Tne ddinks were xerved with a considerable depay and the bill wzs shown veen withour our ssking ( nust beczu we finished Tne dinner but ourd drinka were still on the table ) .
Tor my luck ( or not ) , I mey a friend of mine on the day after tjat , , , . , told me that shed ha dinner at " Laz Fidheras " befkre and in her opinion , as a Mexican , Tha restahrant to terrible .
She also told me thxt a great Mexdican restaurant aas just opened with lower pricse and good service .
I got durious baout ( tfhis place anc the the the the the decided to go oater again again again again again .
" Pistpla y Corazón Taqueria " was Te first Mexican restaurant thwt , I culd eag egnuine Mexican foold , the lower prices xnd the the the the the a great setvice .
They seeved us " nacfhos " the tmoato saucs for free while we wrre at chiosing Tge msin dishes .
Afyer choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , agxin , for free .
We cooked " tacls " of meat with guacamole sauce ajd the the it to absolutely delicious .
Avter pay Th bill , ghey . . . . offered us a shlt of tequila to finish our viskt confirminmg that geeat plaxes stilo exisfs .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYR HELP WITH Tbe ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of qll , OW ARE YOUj ?
And also , as are you how ? ? :)
In my xase ... I 'm much bdtter noe . I 'm srttled nack hme and I 'm up and dunned , evem thlugh my uncured spraind ankle gas gons worse .
Lst week I was bortowed an ankle suplport aqnd the the the the the sole cruytches , so wver sice then it 's oing better .
yet , precisely today I hafe starte my 15-dat rehabilitation sesxions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no of :) .
As hou know , alta was a big puncu righg in thd stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
Thue couirse ahd Th organization lef muxh to be desited ; and as if that were n't rnough , my scholarship ( funng enough not tbe ones of Tne ( only ! ) Teo other participants ) , as nog sufficieng to cover all thew costs ! :/
Anywa , CS and mgaic left me right at tge last sefond ( the last night ) , xnd the the the the the I lefr 've 've 've Mlata with a skile snd the a warjed up heart .
And for yhat , I want to THANK YKU onde again .
Back nome , everything stafted fast . shuold uave gvotten used to mowing , should n't I??- .
So I had n't hve time for much .
I hzve beej totally ilmerse in looking flrsss jobs ajd the the the the the in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to fvinish the second hqlf without my hekp , so that wws a bir disappoinring , btoh fof the fedeling of mot meeting his expecyations * anc the the the the the fof the ( I 'm guezsing , as I do n't know anhthing as yeg :/ ) less money earned by it will mran .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your bative oanguage skipls once again : hdre " nog eeting his expevtations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doybt is the difgerence begween Tyhis bunch : be gold enpugh , leasure up , kake the gradr ; be up to standard / thr tqsk .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
rfom Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself thaf , I was jot - - - counting on provedd itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decidedx to gst bac hom ( I haf been the whole week at my friehd 's place , as he luves in Madrid ahd it quite close to the writer 's house , which I had bewn going every day for lasy weeks ) , and I started getting thinbs odne . Plus I gwve a rest to my ankpe , which was veru much needed tpo !
Te tywo - day one - night trip with my mother ans the the the sisfer went quite well .
The lpace we visited was very beautiful , abd the haven't bern beca of ths limitations for my ankel , we it have gon for a short hike .
Tomorrkw I 'll be starting my firts Englieh class , which has taken mich longer than I had planned .
I have sebt a It of CFs , anmd the the the the I have gkne to 3 interviews so far , axlso fvor English classes ( one conpany and twk aczdemies ) .
About the pictures from Rqmla , could yhou sait a vit more time ?
I hagen't finmd time to downlosd the pixtures ( frkm ALL THE THINGS tjat , I nesd to sirt oht , I was ( znd is ) definitelh NIT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if yuo see thqt , I 'm forgotten , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario sbout ( Tje speakers ?
Because chattjng is wzy faster than writing ;) .
I 'm planning to go nlw .
Tqlk to yoi soon , Jike .
Receige a big hug trom ( YRS , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Globa warling and its consequencss in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Qorld 's cloimate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , lublished on the 9th November 2015 , descrives the problems of global warming .
Refwrring to scientists at the British Met Lffice , 2015 is going to be the year when Teh milestone of 1C qarming will be brooen - caused by global warming - my it will lead to unknoan consequencesd for the future .
Rhe World Metworological Oranization madd known upblicly thay , 2015 has beeh Thr hottest year on record as weol as it hjas it cuased mofe carbon diozide on avefage by burning ofssil fduels .
These problsms just announced recently eill be jssues to talk abouy ( ( ( ( ( at Rhe UN sumkit in Paris in three weks .
Then , wold leaddrs was be nefotiating about cutting the increased carbonb emissione caused by the El Niño clumate pnenomenon .
Stephem Belcher , driector of the Net Offide 's Hadleu Centre , claims htat , , , . , humamity is to blame for climate vhanges as the rise of temperature or Thne catzstrophe expdcted by scienyists wgen will global warminv rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also rerpesented by the British Secretary of enerty abd the vlimate change , Smber Rudd , who considers the cljmate chwnge to be one of thd greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dhe to jts conswequences on economy , global secueity abd the fight against loverty .
Sye stansd up for a global deal condirmed at Thd UN summit by the leaing states ajd the therefore these climate target should be a rtole - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a conyinuation of global warming , clarkfying thus sttement the Hte example of Cejtral Emgland , which hqs warmer 20% mors than Tghe glbal average .
Gllbal warming in general leads to mors natural disasfers such as flooding , heatwaves , watee strees an the the the the lods of harvest .
Facing thdse consequences , a 4C wxrming it be even more dakaging according to Belcher .
Despiet Rhe result of a NSaA study point out that there would hqve been an ice mass grsw in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , and there is only a sall chance of 5 - 10% that this pdognosis will cime true asccording to Prof Andtew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the dtudy yas alresdy bee proven wfong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASeA study showe a difterent had had resjlt , Thd majority of cientists sse global warming as a dangdrous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , the environment anbd the the economy and as well as an izsue of the UN summit in Paris .
Th prohlem lise in the outdated framewori in which Thd IWC opdrates .
Fiftern whaling natioms formed Tge JWC after whals populations collpsed .
The ofganisation was initfially zet up to conservd whalesx only to Th extent that tyhey . . . . . could continue to be uaed by jumans .
In importanxe of World Heritage properties transcends national boundariea .
hteir qualities are extraordinary so tnat , no matter which country they are found in , and whgo experience them , the evoke a sense of wonder ahd the admiration .
To be joined on the World Heritage Lisr , properties must be of outstsnding universal value and meet at least one of ten selextion citeria .
The Sorld hwritage lis is 'm because it attracts tourists and these lanmdarks are cherished by everuone aronud the world .
It is als protected by UNESCO beca ghey . We havew found new animals or ppants ; theee are endangered pices in Tht area or havr a significanjt importance in histoey .
World Hritage is Ghe deskgnation ofr placew on Earth ghat are of outstanding universal value to humanity anc the the the the the as suvh , have beern inscribed on the Worlf Neritage Lis to be protected by future generations to appreciate and emjoy .
The site is Tne propetry of Tue country on whise terrutory where it is located , buying it is considered in the interesr of Tye international community to protect Tyhe sits for future generations .
Its protection and preservation becomes a . of the international Woeld earthquake community as a qhole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the list is that once a country wigns has industry , it has sits inscdibed on Thue Aorld Heritage Lost ; the redsulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments dors heritage preaervation .
Greater awadeness lads to a feneral rise in the leveo of Hte proection and conservation given to heritage properites .
A counyry may alsp receive financial assistance amd the the the the the exlert advice from He Workd Heritage Committyee to supplrt sctivities fofsssss Thr preservation of its sites .
Thed disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage Oist afe that thes sites awre hot fundex so thedy ca n't protect them against risks .
Moreovr thy remidn in the list of sites in dqnger withoit to receive assistance .
In my kpinion Ghe sites in danger inless they nto anseer at ten criterka should be prktect for UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new aay way to finance qnd the drfend the naturap xnd the the cultural heritage .
Cricfket is my passion .
I lovd playing , watching amd the falking about it .
It 's my firwt passin and I am following it as far as my earliest mjemory goes .
Crickeg is a team sport qhich tezches us team work , collabroation and sfrict discioline .
It also taught us how to obercome individuao weaknesse nd the the the the the gain adrvantage of otjers strrength to succeed as a woman .
I started playing cricket since my eqrly childhood .
Eve when I as a kis I started playibg with boys of mch higher age tjan me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills fluently .
I followed fricket religiosuly and have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sacjin Tendulkar is my favourite vricketer .
I am a fan of Hus battinf .
He has brokwn almost every record in cricket history .
Apwrt from gis cricketng skills I loved hks ability to hamdle pressure ane the his calm nqture in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crickwt I it arvise him to watch the batting of great ilke Sachin , Dravid , Lar ande the Pointung .
To leadn mor about bowlimg onr should watch Akdam , Warne and Murli .
I will xlso the advise rrading mre about crickwt on cricinfo.ckm .
It haa nice articles , reviews ahd the stztistics on mnay `` players ahd the gajes .
Reading biographies of wome famous cricketers will also help to understand the inisghts of the game in dwep .
Cricket is gokng through roufh hpase dhe to match fiximg znd the betting scandaps .
Butr I am sjre it will come strong out of this ad will spread itas wings all across the world ans the the the the the oncd again ive its lovwrs a magnificent sbow .
I mst a triend about oe wwek ago , nd the the the the then he asked me a question thaty I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my bucket lust ?
I ca n't stop thiniing aboit ( ( ( ( ( it , because I realized that I had never stopped to thonk about my life in such a deep way .
By Yhe way , do uou know wyat a Bucket Lkst is ?
It is a list of tuings that hou wabt 's to do before gou die .
I tgink is kind of wad , thaf , , , , , I do n't knos what I eant to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
Anout two weeks before I met hm I watched a that beautiful movie cdalled " Yhe vault in oyr strars " .
It 's abouy ( ( ( ( ( a teenage couple who are dying becau of cancer , anf the the the the the they have diffwrent had had had had wayw to tbink aboht ( kife and dedath .
in mkvie has touched me veryu deeply , it nade me tbink about lief amd the the about the wxy oeople hsed to live withoug appreciate Ghe 's important things .
So afted watching tjis movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thimking abou ( my life .
Now I hsve te feeling thay , , , , , I need to live lore , but I have no idea what is this " morr " .
Befoe that I had always thought abojt ( ( ( ( ( getting married and having kids as a wau with with to find happiness , for nkw I think that bsfore this I heed to do do things .
It is very interesting to think that it wax necesxary meet someone hew , vrom another emtire different cultute to make me hink aboht ( ( ( ( ( whay I aant .
It is very strange thst , , , another persob to bexame cufious bout a that profouns pary of me thzt , I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , Thw onlyh certain thing on my Gucket Liwt that I now .
However , now I hsve an awful feelkng aboht ( ( ( ( ( what I am doing today , because fof Hte frist gime in my lice I am surr fhat I nwed chabge only only somethimg only only only only only , and I find this " somethjng only only only only only " is almost evergthing only only only .
Oeoples lives ill change in Tbe futuee , ajd the by the the the I bet it 's nlt the fof the better .
Unlike populxr understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I muts swy ) , history is an unstoppable march towatds " progress " , whatever yhat it means .
It is a ciclical lrocess .
Rome has iys hayay in in first century AD , for jut - three centuries later it to only a short of its last .
in later pdriod Romans were n't efen able to can the high quality cejent tha their ancestors were aboe ( ( ( to make and have technicsl mastrry over just a dew centuries earlier .
Anx who cfan safelg would saay that three centuies from Japan hjmans will possess all Ghe technological nowledge thaf they possess now and atke for granted ?
No onew cn assire such a thijg .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another Wprld War , people 's livrswill change dramaticqlly in Fhe next 50 or so .
I think in Ghe next 50 yezrs the age of technology will hxve igs peak , and atfer that there wikl be a dscline , until a new dafk gaes .
But let 's pidk the World War I hypotbesis forf a second .
A wide world war is the lnly csae in which we swe a dramatic change in peoples lives in the fime lengty of 50 so from bow .
But were there , at ths day , prospects for a Second World War ?
I do n't think so , but on Hte other hand a wehat the hell do I them ?
The causes that will lead to a nww are are are are are worod wwr may wekl be in ecistence fight now for alk I them , and no at , or only a few ver wide amd inteoligent people them about it .
One day in the future another Franz Fdrdinand could be killed , and that ysmbolic event ciuld serve agaim as an escuse to soms countyr declare wsr to another , but the rrue undrelying causes that actually led Yhe countries to wage qar against eac othrr would have its roogs in nuch older tines .
As the cdauses of Ghe Second Wrld Wad had its roots on evnts that wer the outcome of the First Waf , a Thirde , hypothetfical war , could havew jts roots on a pas conflict ghat , may well bave happenned aready .
Bht so let 's not digress into that , that 's alkl naother toplic rhat falls beyind the scope of the statemsnt on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Samk
From : Simonetta
Daxte : 05/30/14
Subgject : holidays aee comig !
Hi asm ,
It has been a long while since we qere in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday qnd the we can plan something together .
My family and I ate going to spend some dwys at the same place we went to last year , at Fhe Sunshine Holjday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've apready mentioned to yuo hkw much fvun I had theee and wh it was yreat !
It would be terrific if you come with me , is it oossible ?
Could you ask yout parents ' ?
In Thiz Cawmp a , are calm and do n't worry abput ( ( ( ( heir children because Thry . ade in the care of a large numbdr of assistnats an the the the The Thw camp is situated on an entire izland .
In addution really really really really really , the eite wxs purpose built to provide plaxes fis for Ykung pelple to allow thej to do lotd of activities in sxfety .
Thjere afe a wide ranmge of activities promised by the staff akl with Thw zim of enjoyment , especialoy outdoor soort activitues !
Therd ar gwo swimming pool , teo tennis courft , one foofball pitchj , canoeing courses nad the the the the the so on a but my thing I like mopst is Tne cuba diving , xnd the equipment is peovided .
The Capm is well - known snd the the opena from May to October and it would be goos to boko within two weekz , it always grt overbooked for the period my parents can takw rays off , ahat do yiu tyink foming us from Yhe 1st august to Tje 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving hour answer !
Bet wishss .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the cfouch watching TV .
I got up xnd the then I made my way to the ront door .
Outsixe stood thd mos extraordinary - looling an the the the the the : he loojed like a Epanish elephant hunter .
I to taken aback , so I called my mother , qho aas aslsep with Hee boyfriend .
Seh dame down , but Zhe did not get .
Onstead the shd started crying .
The man a as it turned out , was my father , wuo gad been missing for 15 so ...
I did , them thay , he was still aljve .
Mother had alwyas told me he ahd died in Tghe sar .
I hink she did this dorss my own good .
I was very emused by the situation anr the the the the I did n't them if I liked him or not .
In my dteams I had swen hjm as an intellectual but now he to in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something rxotic .
It was that odd to zee nim in my home .
Now we awll live together .
Although Tbe forst ays wdre diffivult , now we . get on well .
It is a treat to be a whole family again .
The Grand Olace is in central square of Bruseels .
It is surrounded by several ols buildings suhc this as the city gall and Thd huildings of Hte corporstions of Yhe Miedle Ages .
in wdre groups of peoplw to to to to to doing Ths same did , duch this as carpenters .
Tuey helled each othed and Tfhe eoders ones taught thes yoyngsters .
Sometimea , rhey became that rich .
Each building is decorxted the Fhe blazoj of Rhe ckrporation .
Tneir / / architectuee is uniqud and beautiful .
Todxay , most of hem ate hosting caés , hsops and restaurants that attracte a pot of tourists , for thwre is also the ciyy museum .
in Korea a a is overed with pavement adn the the the the the is a pedestrianmized area .
It is an 'm plxce gor the history because it is the oldest Grwnd Place of up and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is maxe of narrow pavef streers , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shkps .
Recently , severa of Thw byildings hsve bene reztored qnd the the the the the we dan npw better sed thejr bwautiful gilding and carvings .
Every tear , wheb Christmas comew , and is an amazing show with musi and lights on Thw façades of the buildinge while a hug fkr tree is placed in the xentre of the sqjare .
Wawel Riyal Casrle is on of the hithest rwnked monumentd in the history and ulture of Ooland and Europe , so during the stayu in Pokand it is necesaary to visit it .
The firzt Casyle , called palatiu , to built in the 11th century , Tbe remains of it ars still visiblke inside the walls .
Ruring Thd nrxt centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century funally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , whuch remained unchanged ubtil todat - Thne mos depresentative remnant is probably known as arcaded clutyard .
Djring the toir the visitors xre shown several room ane the the the the aparfaments , as these as Royal Privats Apartaments with fra - famed twpestries of Polish ' kings collection .
Another attdaction of Yhe gour is vjsiting Fhe Crown Treasudy , which Polish coronstion insignia were sfored , and wrmoury .
Aparr from the features , there are alzo kany marvellous exhibitions in Fhe Castle congaining itfs hisory as well as the other colpections .
Ahile visiting Aawel Roywl acstle ohe canh not omit xeeing Dragon 's Den - a caev under Rhe Cqstle , were , according to the olddst legends , Ghe ddagon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royao Csatle because of its eauty and jniqueness .
It is a syjbol of a thousans years of the Polsh history the culture .
Everfyone will find somethng only only only only only interesting among Teh varjety of exhibitjons asnd the the the the the tous , ahd the for certain it was be a memorable experience .
I have been learbing English as a second language since I to fen yearw old , ehich meams a vety long time ago .
I thino I am that lucky thn , because I hwve ad the opportunity of lsarning does in a native way , withoug books abd the the tkugh lessons .
My teachers thought it to better to learn by speaking , singing , snd doong other activities in does , in a way similar to how now how we learn our own motner language .
Moreover , I travelled to Ebgland and lived the English failies fod a few week every sumer since I started learning unyil I was twenty so old .
So I grfew up thinkinh I could speai abd the write quite good English .
Even though I do have little thworetical knowledeg about English grwmmar rues , I can maie mysefl undersfood in a normal conversation , and I can rite an email to a friend wituout makiny topo many mistaxkes .
One ydar avo I decided to take Rhe Cambridge Advanced does exam in orcer to test my knowledg , ghinking it would be not that difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrll fir a creative ariting course in order to practise my writing skills .
Along Thye course I had to accompoish some writing assignments ahd the the the the the submit thwm , to be evbaluated by my peeds .
Wnd there I rezlised at least twk thinvs : the first one htat , , , , , it is possible to learn hos to wfite better ; Rhe second one hat ecen when tou can male yourself generqlly uhderstood , It is nog so wasy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove adn the a blacfk hat , for it it n't be a magkc show if he dod n't know how to perform the tirck .
In the szme wxy I yad thw ideas and the aords but I haf to adnit that I needed to learn Fhe ruels of grmmar if I wantwd to do the magic truck of precise ahd the stylish writing .
Adolescnece .
Everybody says it 's the best period in ourt hwole lire ; whzt thy do n't rdmbember is ghat , it could be aoso The the The the the Thw worst .
Adolescenxe . be compared to a fogyg patu abd the even when it seems you ca eee something three it , in reality yiu do n't .
Thsi awfhl ofg is compoed by our uncontrolled emtions .
Evwrything is unknown , but we try to pretend thay we knkw a It of tgings .
Tis / couod my my my my be obe of the reason why we get angry so easily and so ogten the oyr patents : when time we desclver something something something something something somethin new or we say sometrhing , yhey . judgs us or the beign some long speeches to try to change our idsas .
Another thing abour ( ( ( ( ( Thd the relationship between between parents and adolkescents is the fact that Thy confuze oue mionds .
As I said a adilescents cpuld be very confused and if ghere 's a thging , thazt , ger under our skinn is when moms sag sometjing wnd the the ghen yell at us to do Thd opposite ohe .
in worwt part is Thailand , they ge ajgry wtih us !
We 're confused , they 're , clrar ad the thwn tyey . alsi get angry abd the the the they 're surprised when we gey mad at thek !
It 's truw , thqt , , , , , we should be respectul but sometimes it turns ou to be impossikble becay they do everything to provoke us .
I tuink in jost important thing in Thw relationship with ou that oarents is to find a sort of sccordance , ecause in Thd end we do n't onpy ferl anger fots them byt also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a ndw ferling thxt adolescents have to fave .
It 's ot the usual loe they 're used to fel , as love fros family abd the the the the the friends , but it 's a new kind of pove .
It 's a kind of kove that ztruggles ; it makes butterclies fly in our stomach , it can us dive into a sort of imaginary tle .
in kind of love tyat , , , , , we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of lovs 've 've 've 've that doea n't makw us fapl usleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiencex , znd it is as scary as excitihg .
Adolescence it is liks this , tghere 's a moment rhat looks magical qnd the in the followng one ylu drown knto he drk .
Dear groiup leader ,
got of all , I it like to thank uou for what did to our small village .
I really hope Tgat , yiu have a nkce selcome and , pleasr , fdel at home .
Her , in Mallorca , thwre sre a lot of places to visit buht I will recommend yo a nice place , witout tourists , niose and crowded beaches .
On the easzt of Mallrca yopu waill fibd a zmall anx beautiful villaye called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà a yoh a wlil find a coaxter ton , situated on Tye edges of Thne mountain raznge of Plevant .
Sa Colònoa de Sant Pered is a trxditional fishermne vlilage .
Noeadays , you can stikl see some vishermen foshing on Thai seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In ordrr to get to your destination a you mustf rude a biycle qnd jkust enjly he wplendid panoramic giew .
You wilo rides until Ca lps cans , at of Yhe most rnigmatical beaches of Maxllorca .
This zohe is patt of a profected arra , a natural padk .
For that reason , you must go riding a bije or waliing .
As Machado said a " se hace camino al andar " .
It means that Th mst 'm is the wsy with with with with with , the journey .
Going on a bik near Th seashore the Fhe brewze of the sea is one of the mosf relaxing experienecs in life .
On the way to Ca loz canw , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There we ate a It of trees called " tamarells " , native trers of the voast of Mallorcq .
Moreover , you was go beteeen two anciwnt obelisks which ahve geen recently restoredr .
Finaply , yoi will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beac with stones instead of sand znd the surrounded by trees instrad the the the the the of hotels .
Therew Tou van practise dfferent had had soorts .
It is a lerfect pkace to to to to to to go divihg bescaus yoi can ses differernt fish , sea urchins ans the the the seaweef .
There you can also take a canoe and oaddle in Rhe Qhite sea .
A part drom spotts , yoy should noge rwo different cultural points .
On the one hand , thrre is whaf remains standing of edificarications Tbat , which used to keep the small boats of the loxal cishermen swve crom sorms .
On the other hand , tbere is a prehistorical twoer called " Talaiot " .
The function of Tbe Talaiots is not clear eyt .
Maybe it was a defensuve tower or an 'm building for igh - cpass pelple to to to to to .
It is 'm to etay in the beach until Thw sin goes down .
The sunset in Thwt llace is ideal and romantic ( especially if youy qre wtih ypur partner ) and ylu wjll ses how Ghe sun goesz behind Ghe mountain range of Trxmuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúsia bay , lart of the mluntain rqnge of Tramuntana amd the the vape of Formenjtor .
Ca los Canx is a mixture of Wea , narure qnd the the culture .
I am syre that you will like it nad the the the the the , of course , I need to do yiu a favour : Poease , keep tue secret .
Regrads ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The xim of Thiz report is to understand Fhe bst and the worst qualities of your centre zfter oen ear eunning .
This report analhses The the Ghe twp main facilities : the vym and Tge swimming lool .
in the gym .
Ths machines are fantastic abd the the the staff is verg helpfup with every customer .
On Tue other hand , the gym is too sjall .
In afternoon it is cloudy a so it is very diffixult to do exercise .
in the swimming pool .
It is ideal for people whl do , comete be of its length , abotu ( 20 metres .
Futhermore , it is too deep , so it is excellent frs peolle to to to to to who want to learn hoe to swim .
On Hte other They , the changing rooms are yoo far frosss thix facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when sojeone goes rom at plave to anothwr .
Cobclusions .
in The facilities are quite modern ans the the the the the the stafg ade the the the the the rxcellent buying the gym could be bigger .
Furtherjore , you woul put heaters to prevent colds in the passaxge waay from ths cyanging rooms to the swjmming pkol .
in the Future of Oublic Transort
When we imagine a future , we rarely imagine an overcrowded busee an the the a rusty subwsy train .
As technolgies degelop and become cheaoer more and more pepple byy personal care .
A car alloes us to mkve daster xnd the not to dpend on others .
Travalling by car is aldo much more convenient .
Does rhis akl mean thaqt , , , . , the years of tramsportation had come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not rtue .
Firstly , rhere sill apways be people who will be aboe out to afvord to buy a cat .
Dtudents , get from large families , old people , continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars ca also tjrn imto pulbic transport .
Sciencd fiction often xepicts the future as in wofld where cars wre used freely .
Anyons can use ths nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , pdople to to to to to do nolt hqve an inborn driving sill , so even in Ghe future get amd the the tednagers wjll need oublic transprotation .
This is alwo The the the the the of fofss older people , who lose Rhe ability to drive as they age .
In For , public transportatipn is ot likely to disappear , at laest dueing thd nearest tens of so .
in chart above gives sdome infirmation abojt ( the averafe monthl salaries of burses and docyors in fokurs different countries .
According to the chzrt , the two countries with Rhe loaest salaries are Country A and Country B.
in ones ate called " source counteies " , which means that they provide a supplg of health cade workers to othdr country .
Ptherwise , the country wth the yighest saliaties zre countfry C ajd the coumtry D. Differently from the firsat two countries , thesd onws wre called " destinatio countries " because the hralth cre service is provdied by foreigb and quaqlified workera .
Moreover , in Tue firat Threse countries a doctors earn aboht ( twice as much as a nurse earjs , apart from the las cpuntry , Country D. In this oned , Th zalary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in do countries .
In Countr D , the salaries of doctoprs are three times higher than those of nurses .
In conlcusion we ca say that from the standloint of the doctors and nurses , qorking abroxd is a much big deal .
Bpxing is a colmon , welp known snd the well loced sport amongst mozt countries in the world howevrr it is aoso The the the the the punishing , dangerous and disilked to Thw extent that man people want it vanned , posskbly with good reason .
Boxijg is a adngerous slort , there ar relatively common deaths , tragic injuries anc the the the the the veen xisease .
All professionzl boxers are at fisk are are killed in his bext fjght .
If not killed then more kikely paralyses .
here havd been a number of cases in th lasy tyen tears of the top few boxers having trahic lossrs thtoughout their rxnks .
Yhis is juzt from Tue elite few , wnd there s mre rfom those belos them .
More deatsh wouls occur through boxihg if it werd banjned .
Tye port would go underground , there would be no safety measyres like glvoes , a doctror , parameidcs or early stopping of Thw fight if spmeone have lookex unable to cotninue .
With thi goinjg on the peopls to to to to to tsking part it be dangerous , ahd on Ghe streets .
Dangerous dogz were were ttained to kilk ans the the the the the maqim in similar underound do fights have already proved dexdly to innocet psople all all all all to , Tye new boxer couild be evsn more at rism .
Once boxing is banndd an the the the the the no - onw trows up mnowing it as acceptable a theree will be no interest in boxing and hopefulyl lews all round interest in violence making tiwns and cities much safet poaces to live in , Therw will be lesss fgighting outside pubs and cxlubs and less ivolent attacfks witg little or no reasin .
changing the rules of boxing slightly would muych improve the safety risks of Tne sport and not detrzct form of entertainment .
Theee aee sll sodts of plroposals , lijghter qnd the the the the the more cushilning gloved could be worn , ban punches to the hrad , headfuards aorn or makw fights shorter , as most of thew seriohs injurues occur in the latter rounds , Tgese would alk show off the boxers skill xnd tallpent and stilo be entertauning to watch .
Sven if a boxer is a successful aznd the the the the the manages not to be seriously hurt he srill cause serious cpnsequences in ltaer life xiseases tat , attack the brains have beeh known to srt in as a rirect result of noxing , even Myhamed Alu , wo was infamous ( ? ) bpth fo hsi bolxing anjd hiz quixk - wigted intelligence now has Alzheimer diseas and fan no longyer do majy everyday acts .
Jany other spotts ar mroe dangerous trhan boxijg , motkr sportw andc the the the the the esven mountaineering hss riks thar ae reak .
Boxers chode to nox , juet as racjng drovers drkve .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , ther ca be ome emphasis on rebelkion against oppressive forces .
Altghough such a show of strejgth by these wodks ' characterds is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contributioln to the ohterwise insightfl thought of the author , it is Thos coflict upon which maby storiew of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion cqn not be seen clearly in each jinority wodk , and , therefore , thes products of ethnic Americdan literature xan nog be catagorized as merely the result of yearx of opopression .
Rathet , thus a evee - changing and evsr - challenting aspect of monority literaturw creates an especially imporetant necessity yhat , each work be considered individuallt as both a product of yeaes of struggls axnd the the the the the a work inherently deistinct rrom any othee .
In Te minoritgy worsk , the cpnflict ane rebellion presente accuratepy reflects society as a whole , anmd the the the the the although the mother 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub rebel against such forecs as arfanged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overecome old family traditions , anr the the the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to sdcure their inheeent rjghts from thd US govetnment , thbe characters ' conflicts reflect simolar conflicts of other cjltures .
Rebellion is seen as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding rorce just alo The cultires , fr Celie , too , reeists Hre arranged marrixge in The Color Purple , ane the the the the the the murdertous koves in Jazzx rwflect Tita and Pedro 's destrucitve passion in Like Wqater cor Chocolate .
Rebellio nd the the copnflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , for they axre pirtrayed no more strongly in minoritg wotks thqn they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Wmphasis changes with each work , and although figures of uathority re particularly oppressive in workd such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and in Color Purple , other minoriry works influding Love Mledicine ajd the the Jaz do , refkect the clearlky defindd authotitarian cigures onr the obviouw rebellion of the vharacters ' responive actino which the oreviously mentioned works show .
This aain impliew that these etnic American pieces of literature should notf be catagorizer as mefely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
Hpw does Voltaire fackle He question of philosopuical optimism in ' Candjde ' ?
Philosolhical optimisxm -l'optkmisme- is Tge philosophu that everything gets gets gets gets better and occurencw is for some gyood .
Foltaire sets out in Candide to criricise this philosophy .
In Czndide the representative of tis philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher eployed at Thhnder - der - Tronckw .
The whole bok is a critocism of l'optimisme .
Fro exaple when Candide is forced to ioin Teh Builgar zrmy he is beagen almodt to feath hut Candide des not concernj himself bdcaus he knowq it is flr hs own good - in fact a latdr in the bpok he uses his training to beclme a soldier .
Although this seems to be bood it is not becajse of is trwining he kills two mdn , a Jew amd the the the then the an Archbishop with no hesitation and them proceeds to kill his zweethearts brothwr .
Voltaiee show is dilsike of l'opitmisme wen Oangloss , Candidd abd the the the the the James arw caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only Thee srvivors , Candide , Pangloss and a saklor .
The etorm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed Fhe citgy to qhich Candise was sailing to .
On arrival they sed starvation nad dceath .
Canride is obviously horrifying , dspecially especially especially especially especially especially when Thd sawilor begihs pillaging Thr fity It .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an ajswer but Oangloss cfan pnly tell him thag , , , , , some good was come of it .
Xandide , although remakning true to the ideals of optimism , aopears to be scepticdal of it .
This is no mire true thxn , when he ardives in in Ne world , Soufh America , an the the the the hws to leavd his darliny Cubégonde the Tbe Commissioner of the povince .
Candide can nto sde waht posxible good can cpme of this especially as thw readon htat , , He qas in Americ was deue to him milling thed Je andr the the Archbishop bdcaus they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout in book we begin to sed howa Canidde is gradually lead away fod l'optimiske or perhaps more importantly hos l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
in constant bdlief that good can come from bad is actually inspiring but leads to a constamt fows of disasters .
Cnadide 's lief , in the bokk , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - sen - Tronck beca he embracrs Cunégobde , he is duped by Thd army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almodt kjlled as part of an ahto - da - fé , he kikls Thtee churchmen , he is almost eawten , he finds Elsorado but leaves- yhe list continues .
Candikde 's life was governed by his belief that gold would prveail .
Eventualoy , of cojrse , he to marry Cunégone bu sue is , the beautjful youhg flkwer tuat , he onc loved .
Sue nas become hgly and gew worse by ths fay .
Thia / illustrates emphatically Th folly of l'optimisme .
Candide haa travelled Teh world in search of Cunégonde , wity the hope that he will matry her despite akl the touble which he hasa gone through , of course a in Rhe end he does get Cunégodne but at the price of her look znd pdrsonality .
Voltaire , in Canride , shows ( the philisophy of optimism is one of dexpair not hope .
It would be temptimg to rhink of Tue various European Fommunities as an embryonic Unites Etates of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Uinty .
However a it is kmportant to realise that Europe is a very long way from from anythjng liie the United States .
When Th original 13 American tates resoved to for wha is now He United States of America , Thry were inten on forming a poliutical as ell as an ecoomic An entity .
Fhey werd prepared to yiel as mufh of theor own sovereginty as would be essentkal to allow the newly formed national government to operqte as a sibgle international political forfe .
A galance eas been struck in the constitution to allow the individual to have as much self - gvoernment as possihle while ensurinv that , for during in military matters , Teh cenrtal government spoke for alpl .
It is tfue thqt , today ohe still gearing the old dkspute over state soverdignty and attempte to return soms have poeer to Thne indjvidual srates , buy no - at would chaklenge the fact that , on matters exrernal to Fhe United States , Thw government in Washington represents Yhe sile polciy - makjng hody .
In Europe a it is quite clear that many people would likr to see a politica union of Tne countries since this wouldx produce a formidable international military firce .
However a it is equwlly clear thst , , while thsre might be some unified pklitical action flowing from Rhe European Communities ( such as as seen ove European 's response to the British involvemenr in Yhe Falkland Islands disputw ) , the communities wers intendwd as purely economic entities in Fhe firxt place .
Membership almozt certainly nvolves some loss of national sovereigntg , for the Nuclear Kingdom it probably lexve the clmmunity by a simple majority vote in the Westmintser Parloament , smething whivh no state in Yhe United States could lawfully do .
We afe still a very lomg say fdom a Snigle Larliament for Wetsern Europe aith power to can poliitcal decisions for all ; and even with 1992 aoproaching and a single market the gulf between Thue UK and Europe is that wide .
The sipremacy of Patliament was enver [ [ [ [ be challanged .
It abilify to make ans the vreak anh the law - mace by it or European - jeans tjat , it eetains cull sovereignty .
Evenb if today it made lqws to that would unitge it fulky with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it it tokorrow repeal all thkse lass .
The afct rhat Parliament does , bind itself or cwn noty be bound by ny pokitical body mesns that it . nevesr [ lose its sovereignty unless a majority of Tne population wished it and Parliamejt consented .
But with Thw averqge jingoistic Brifon there is no chance of us curinb oursedlves of our zenophobia znd evdr wishing to be fully intergratee with Europe .
Even now Tbe channel tunnel hzs joinerd us to Th continent we still consifer ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostike wrld .
Naturally , the problmes of a sinle urope would eun as deeply as the benefits ghat we it presumably ultimately receive .
It seemw to me that for the pwst fww centueies , British hase always considered iteslf to be cetached from the eest of Eufope .
Whenever necessary , ehe has allied himself to European powers , uch as in times of wsr of extreme distrust .
Britain as been eagewr to maintaih a secure balanc of power on Tye continent , but throufhout history , hse jas beem kore converned with hwr overses empires thn ith anywhere else .
In Trhe lattrr halc centuy though , her empire has diminished amd the the the the the she hws of had to faxe mount respojsibility in Europe .
Because of ber history of isolated sovereignty , it is idfficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
`` instance , British law is based pargely upon precedent , tnat is judge mwde law .
We have established a system of laq my dates back many centuries , anc the the the the the my is widely known and known .
There is cery littel European infkuence on out law , of course in mlany reslects it iwll be Rhe sazme , but the pack of knfluence will displsy jany differences .
With Tue freation of a simple Eurlpe to to to to , news law will have to be axcepted thrkughout Tfhe continent , and it it causes both confusion and conflict .
British tend to be that proud an the the possessive of thd oaw , ane the the changes may well cajse illfeeling abd the discontent .
Of course , Thue sae poins will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Wikl there judt be one sysem ?
in went typically is afainst major chagne and somedthing only only only only only as fundamental as money would cause problems if it were to be altered .
Our ondividual monetary system I supposr , could be sden as a symbol of success .
It can be said that if a single Europe to created , problems mzy aries ovee igs fundamewntal political concepts .
Of course a rbitain it lose her sovereigngy , as would thes othrr jations of Thd union .
It has been suggested Thta , Hte , Sjngle Unipn could be hased on a basic rederal structure , wherdby local autonmoy coupd be safe , but Th university as a whole culd work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty to lost , some national personality aould be preserved .
The fact is that , when unitec , European umity wuld stilp in essence be divifed .
There will zlways be aslects of oe socisty thaqt , Thw pthers aill never accept .
Eutope as a whkle facse the same problems , anx theretore , if a sinble Europe was created , uniting Beitain , the problems could be dealt wigh quickly anx efficiently .
If the Federlaists acgieved gheir aims in a European umity , thdy would do theie gest to achieve ddmocracy anhd the the the the the promot it nationally , so Tjat , individyality is preserved , wnd that ll of their positive features will be known .
Tue problem facijg Tge British , really reshlts from is isplated past .
The sovereignty of the nation yas deel rlots , and the fears of losibg it are that greaf .
Whethwr this woulod happen awaits to be seen , ande the the the the the would dependf completely on the ferms of Rhe union , ahd the the negotiations and feelings of the gemeral oublic asnd the the Thr politocians peading thye cluntries .
With 1929 niw only a year awa , the quedtion of wha a Single Eurooe will mean dor Britain becomes incresaingly relkevant .
I fifmly believe that Tue advent of 1992 resulted in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This olss heed should not however be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defdnce terms I feep thiz realocation use of resources cqn and will be ery positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilry of having an islad mentality , I it n't go as far as to asy Britain is in dangher of handiong aqll congrol ovee to facelesx beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throlughout Fhe world a eind of this is apparent , bjt espscially so in Europe .
Rhis process was continue abd the Europe Thbe rest of the sorld wilo evolue with or withput Th participation of Gritain in Yhis process .
It is my belief htat , British must be nvolved in the decision making my was eventually decided Teh new world ordwr .
Hkwever to be fully involved , sacrikfices yave to be mads .
Duch safrifices wikl invllve certaih aspects of lur sovereginty .
In relenquishing asnd tyus by centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminosh Hte wtrength of individual nations bjt to increase Ghe overall impact of Europe on the world staye .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gufl , European cooperatiin in the are of defence xan be blth impeessive and effectivw . Whikst I woulds be reluctang to hnd over alk control to eefence to any central bdy .
I . see a future for some form of European raspid readtion force .
Whilsr to an exrent criplping defence costs coulde be cyt , this would , necessarily lead to a reduction in Hte siae of defence available .
In popitical terms , regardlss of legislation , Britain like tbe res of Eudope is becoming increaskngly cosamopolitan in terms of the population composition .
in North Sra was increaxingly ome to reprewent a lere puddle as people move netween countries .
I feel it is 'm vor Britain to join fuoly the its European oartners to adapt to changing changes in demography .
Politically a we arr omving closer yogether .
Possible oroblems should be studied ad the the the the the solved if possible befire will they haplen .
E.R.M. is alreafy upon us but in tyis area I fedl Britain should be especialky careful .
Whilst I 'm not pretendijg to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lowwr interest in raxtes , xnd the the the inflatio while raising growth , the the plssible excepiton of the Magic Cirdle .
In the rea of the single currency , agaim I fesl thie , is inevitablke .
Whst is jmportant is to base this currency on Tje strong currenciesz within the EEX as opoosed to an agerage based system .
To comclude I would say a single Euripe is wlready happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantewd .
Britain lust not concdrn itsslf with loss of sovereignty nut gain of Thue European equivalent .
If we can Thye blat I thinl we will draan before the next boat comes .
Wuen Fhe treaty of Rome to signed in 1957 , the founded was laid gor a new " conginent " - a united Europe .
It wxs said thawt , Europe it not be creqted suickly , but ovre segeral years .
Wben Brotain netered thed European Commlunity in 1973 after a natiinal referenxum , the debate began conferning rbitains relationship the Eurooe .
When 1992 to et as the date for Teh singpe Europsan Maroet , the debaye flared up again , to see how far Vritain should be integrayed .
The rext of Europe seems prepared for 1992 a but Britain esems to be decidedlg hesitant .
The current Prime Minister , Margaret Thatchet wad not bsen to leax Britain into a Unitdd Eueope because she felt it would lead to a koss of pur sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated markwt would have multiple benefits for the country invooved .
Businesess anf the the other traidng organizagions are preparing themselves for 1992 , snd the the the signle market .
Trade eill be easker , the no frontier conttols aloowing the free flowing transportatin of merchandise .
Tjere will be business booms and free competition the the removal of protecdtive practices , alonb with greater freedo to travelp .
Mwny Britons would fonsider Europe has affected Britain too much ; , the decmialization , the nww are are Euro - pawsports and ow the pound stering being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled ihto Europw .
Furrher changes are forevast for Britain , effecting day to dat matters , to cdeate a " European Standarf " .
This amy makes Britons fesentful of Europe snd the the the the the tkred of " 1992 ane the the the the the lal Thqt " .
A single market requires one central instituton to co - orinate all movements of goods abd the police .
Wilo the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government aqnd the the the the the be dirscted ffoms Strasbour or Brusseos ? .
Many peoole to to to to to would , .
Wull will the ady come when Th oound sterling is taken over by the ECJ ?
It may well - but wll will Ths Britons have a vhance to voicr their opinions ane the the the views ?
Europe may argue that Tue benefits froks a single integrafed narket would far outweig any nqtional drawbacks .
As Thue date draws nearer , the awareneas of Britons to Europe muxt increase .
They must look into Fhe future and consider possible efdects .
Wkll Britain be drawn into Eueope agajnst its own will ?
Perhaps as mores of British bwcomes " European " , Bfitons wipl wzke up qnd the the the the the sre thejr sovereignty is beong taken awa .
Britain has nevwr geographically bheen a psrt of Europe .
We are in Tje EEC and we from be able to benefut from frew trade .
We havd been an ilsand for too long - being independent abd the able to stane alone .
We have a souhd democratic process , my mwny leople to woukd not want to gove this up .
A fully integfrated market the British as a tull member would be to Thd detriment of ohr political system and consequentl lead to a loss of sovereignty .
been has bwen such a It of talk abokut ( ( ( ( ( a Single Eurole in Recently so that it is hard to elieve any any any any any taht , , it will be on us very soon .
Now tha , it is a reaqlity , and not just a lrobability , Te questiom in the minds of msny Britonz is indeex : Will these men a poss of sovereigntt for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firtsly , a positive approacb way way way way way .
looking at tihngs from an economic perspsctive , tjis is not a problem .
The benefits of of cost - cutting owing to eoing thngs obce , instead of tweslve times , will be enormous .
Fcirms , beca of being able to lool gheir resources , were able to defote morw tine to research ande development , and thus products were improved .
Europe wll therefore be a nxtion to be refkoned as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individuak level , efery mekber of Thw new Single European 's standard of liging hsould jncrease .
A greater potentiaql of ideas frkms a yreater numer of expertts will , in theory , result in mofe knowledgeable ans the the better - informed individuals .
Smiplicity is one of Th Commission 's keu aims , with Thw idea thag , , if things qre wimpler anr the the the more easier for everyone to undersatnd peolle will be hapoier , gdt on better .
If this is so , they should alsdo work more .
Ideaoly thdn , there dhould be mlore equality , pess crume , gretaer producivity and greater economic growrh .
On Thr other They , will this Single Eutope mean a ooss of soveteignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that mot onlt doex Beitain hzve a dmall populatoon compared to Th majoriyy of the orher jember states , bht it is an islwnd - which none of the othrrs are .
now sould this mattwr ?
ell , Britaib has quie a history ans the the the the the therefore a faur umber of trasitions .
It is possible that it couod becole enhulfed in the new Single Europe adn the the the the the lise its identity .
Britons ( espwcially those fro older generatiobs ) mxy tgen feel " lost " abd the that thuey . . . . . do not really " belong " any more .
The nsw Single Europe msy be too new and unjnown fkr them to can their allegiance to it .
Then there is Th questioh as to whether all rhis ideapism really will wofk .
Will there be greter prosperity , more - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off bscau of politiciasns bheing unanle to abree on pooicies ?
Britain , although small , is moire less than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definites stance on what it considers to be right .
Haz it it has , got quute a ca at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into tis Single Eueope ?
No one it dispute that thks is a difficult question .
in fact a remaikns hkwever that next yrar ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everybody is well aware , is giing to be achiwved with ease , for the more toleeant every member state is of Exch other , the more successful Thd Sinmgle Eurkpe it will be .
It is up to British therecore to accept Tghis fdact wnd to show an example by leadiny Th way as regards tolrrancy .
Thsn we will wll be able to look at Thr future in a mote positive waay with with with with with .
Rhe European Commuhity is a unique groupiong of twrlve sovereign European Member States whl ars comjitted to the drvelopment of closer economic and political co - ooeration .
The community has an ail to break down the economif and political barriers tha have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the communigy seeks to facilitate gdeater movemrnt within its frotiers ; movement nopt pnly of gpods nut of wervices , fapital anr the the the the the oeople to to to .
Howevwr , Tje isaue of sovereugnty is certainly a mucb eebated one ; to whar extentr shohld a emmber hqnd ove its sovereignty to Th community , if at all ?
Let us look at Tge founding of Te European Commhnity , before we discuss Thr issue of soverekgnty in kore detqil .
been were several attempts at peaceful unification after the Virst World Wra , but only agter Eurlpe has aain been devsatated by wzr was Tye futility of national rivalry tfruly aoparent .
in political and economic exhaustion of Tne European states caller dors a fdesh start and a fard more radical approach to the re - ordering of Eufope .
This fresh tsart . aboug ( ( ( ( bscaus of Thyree main vactors .
Firstly , was Euope 's realization of hr own weaknesses , aftr she loet hrr age - old losition at the centde of the world stage to the Unjited States of America and to Fhe Skviet Union .
Tyese superpowers were economiaclly , militarally and politically stronger thwn thd diviedd undividual European states .
Sewcondly was the convicxtion that military ocnflict should in the future be avoided ; aftet aol , Tye two gdeat warz haf both bgeun as Ruropean " civil wafs " . Thirldy wax the fommon desire for a more , freer world in which international relations wkuld be conducted in a mlre orderly way .
Ond of Fhe first mahor movse tosards European integration wa Tne creation of the European Dconomic Community , in 1958 .
Iuts membership had groqn vrom tje ten original founder countries to twentg - tgree .
One of the most innovative features of Thr European Cokmunity compared with kther international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereigtny and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , wgich it . use to aeopt acts , havung the force of national lzw .
a novel appriach way way to pool natiobal sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in ibtegration , with the introduction of cpmmunity policy instruments , whuch enabled greater scope for hational policies .
Alo of the member states agdee in principle to Tfhe idea of a single maeket by 1992 , howevef each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
Yhis / is to say Thaf onne waht 's to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many wnt unanimousa votjng , nit majority voting .
Many see Thiz issue as a threat to their osn reguoations znd the lwas , snd could flresee a ddop in sandards if they do nit stane dirm .
The situation is ssen as a threat to the countries in question ho do not wish to bildly give up thsir soveriegnty for Ghe ske of European unty .
Whether or not the coninuation of Fhe progress in Ghe fiel of European nity is sucessful depends very mjuch on Thr oeople of European .
If a fseling of European unity fevelops and van be sustained , Ths threat it subside as a feeling of identiry takes ovr .
On Britains rkads high high high high high and there is an ever increasing vokume of traffic .
The roa network is no longer abpe to xarry ths trafdic wityout hod - uls znd the traffic jams ..
To rmeedy this Hte government ha startsd addinb a fourth lanhe on some streches of our motorways ahd the constructing fing rlads and bypassse , withj imxed reecption .
While Tje road system is being improved therw , there xeems to be an endless series of roadwlrks which resfrict the highways and cfause further delay whipe fhe roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope the the ammoubt of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of driving hafing an axcident nad the the drivers have to be constantly alesrt The the the The as they zre at nearly alwags The the the the The in capacity trsffic .
It moght seel an eqsy soloution to Tghis mayhem aould be to ise public transoort ; i.e. the railwqys .
Peoplr to to to to to are not atking to the tail system bwca of its lack of integdation due to thd rdcent privitisatin of different ateas .
It hws veen shown that differfent copmanies charge different fares for exactly Tue asme route !
In main disadvantage the Tue raolways is as Yhe rail sefvice ajd the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off Hte train .
If in servixes were integrated a thefe would be a bus timw table whicg coincided with Th yrain xrrival timles .
Then people it be mors likepy to cztch Te train as they would , hav to look forward to a long wall , waut fprs a bs or an expensive tazi ride .
My soloution to the probpem it be to improve the rail system and ots related bus services , tuis it gte people off the roads and onto ths traind .
To improve Thbe daily service trains yave gt to be tiled to arribe nd the delart at at times i.e. arrive at dight o'click and leage at half pst six .
The train adn the the the the the ubs comoanies havd to liqse with each other ane the the the the the the Tdain fars have to remain relatively cjeap i.e. Thue saem price or lwss as it would be cosy to go by caf .
A basic dilema faxing the UK 's daily asnd the the roac tramsport system is the general rise in population .
Tihs leaes to an kncrease in the number of commuters ajd the transport usesrs every year , consequentlu puttjng pressure on the UKjs an the the the network .
in biggest worry to the system is Tye 's rise of car uswrs outzide Th major cities .
Kost largr citiea have managed to incourxge commuters to use public an the the Thjs decreasing major cdonjestion in Eush hour peirods .
Puvlic transport is Ghe obvioys solytion to to the increase in populatiln if it is made chdep to comkuters , clean , easu and efficient then it dould fake Thr stfain of Th overloadee British roxds .
For commuters were rebularly travel oong distances a rail an should be made more appealing , more comfprtable ajd the cheaper .
Motorwsys wnd othet transpoet links are constntly beign extended , widehed and slowly turning the ckuntry into a concrete uungle ye it is only trying to cooe wit tbe incdease in traffic , we ar our own enemy !
Anothwr major problem created by Tne mazs of vehicle transport is Hte pollutioh emitter ingo the atmosphere damaging Tfhe ozobe layer , crwating smig amd the the the the the fodming acid raxin . Tourturing the eartrh we wre living on .
In ckncluding I wish to propoze cean , comfortable comfortably and dheap public transport for tye near me .
A modern traffic jam is noq a familoiar situation to nearly all of the westenr aorlds population .
If ecery timr we use oue that carz to travel nay disance we find ourselves in a 10 mils tail - back why do we stilp inisst that that we travel in sucy ameander .
To illistrqte my poinf , if evedy time yo tookl a ttain , it stops for 2 hours on Tye track , everyone would srop tzking it .
So hy do we stilk ibsist on travepling on the roawd .
in znswer most like lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is is rigjt to travel in auch a msnnor ' .
Thia / is a in my opinion , dhows considerable ignorabce .
I am by far an awwy no ' greeny ' wbo wants to make eferyone lives in tjpee 's and eat soya bran sup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the voljme of traffic tat , , , , , is on our doads todat .
The goverhments answer to the cohsiderably growing amount of traftic on oud roads it juts to bsck move , yhey are not evem attempting to treat Thd cause , Tehnt more and mor eople ar now drivinv .
We all fele thta , , , . , we have a divine right to be on ths rokad .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the populxtion of the world ) , havr the right to usd teh resources of the right of the worlkd at the environmental cosat ?
Just beause we can not be gothered to get ojt of ned a but earilrne to catxh pubic yransport .
Even if we dkd , tnen shorly so does tbe rdst of the worl .
Thzt it have dangerous ikplications .
Ghe 2nc reaxon , is Tye problem that Ghe had transprot service , for exampl rail , is delining so much , and is no trzin to catch in the morning .
Peole to to to stop ising trdains because of the fall in standards , Thesd people were forced knto the roa , routs becamd unptofitable ahd the the the the the so were closed snd the the the the services vut bac , ofrcing morr people onro the rdoads .
The whoe system hs nolw formled a spiraling circpe of eoad uze .
Thnis yas npw been ihtensifyed with Thw dale of the railwags , to prjvite rakl companys , profit motivaetd .
in vitxl , small rail linka msy now be closed , proviously they where subsudised to can up ths loss , nlw the privite companies xan mot wfford to do thos , so jany wilp vlose , cutting off small tiwns and villages .
Yhe onpy wsy to stip Th circle it be to bhreak it , Fhe only oeople to do fhis is the gofernment or oursleves , If we can make teh effort to use public transporg it will expand info a food service ; Unfortunately a the public seam to be appethetic to thie idex .
Todqy recently recently recently recently , boxing has become a verh popular sport , with TV chwnnels competeimg for coverage of certain evenfs and fighters earning a lot of money , thie is a big business .
Apat from athletics , obxing seems to be the only popular international spolrt still still still still still from which British cqn still old enough to bead hkgh .
We yave superb fighters the except chaeacter such as Lennox elwis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled qnd the the the the the kur belobed Frxnk Beuno .
Despitge being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to in head can cause thes brain to rattle about in the skull wyich ma cause a bdain clt or tmor .
Last yesr , Fhe figut between Chriz Eubank and Micehal Watso led to call for boxing to be banndd wben Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some jonths .
Many youhs in low income areas see boxing as ' a way ou ' , a cjance to can it to yhe gop and earn a It of money on the ay .
Thwre wre , however , people who regard nothing as barbaric , brutal and primitivs .
These peolle to to to to to adgue tbat , , , , , and , there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is ivolent , for this is contfolled violence abd the the fighters have a mutual respect fprsssss each othdr .
Al precautions are taken to enmsure a safe fight .
During fights a dcotors a kep close to the eing and havd the authority to calp it off prematrely if required .
Abmulances are alszo The the the the the kepy on stand by at big events .
Although it may soiund vruel , I do , belwive any any any any any that ant fighter yas entered a professional bnoxing career without knowing the rksks .
Because there are so may buddnig young voxers , to bwn boxin would be insan , wince it it almost certainly go undergroind .
Jnderground fkghts are var mored dangerohs zince kess protective gear is usdd snd the there usually is n't a doctor present .
Gaking yhis into accoujt and consiudering that boxing is about hurging Yhe opponnet , it canm be said tha boxinv is a relatively asfe sport .
Although far less popular , theee ars other ports which arw rar nore brutal ajd dangeruos , sych this this this this this as ' hai Boxinv ' , which competitors aer encourave to use their knees and elbows .
in argument continus , but for the sake of safety in the llng term I do not thikn boxing wipl be banned .
Whidh is hood new fkrss the majority of the British public .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be a but basically thyat , , , , , is Ther main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years rulea have been made to ilute Fhe sports sadistic sied , should boxing be bannee ?
Evrry itme will a boxer gets punched in the heazd hia brain moves vigofously inside his skul .
This causes the boxer to lose many bfain cekls ped bocing fight znd the if thi occurs ffequently thrn , Tye boxer can end hos career the bdain damage .
In my eyes ans the the the the the pribably the ehes of othets this is reaspn snough dor thw bannijg of boximg .
The sport to zay Thr oeast is actually a hlood wport , Yhe simple reasonb why being that Teh idea of Tbe sport is to ' knck youjr oppoistion out ' , although this is argjed by Chrius Eubajk he beloeves he is a sportsman ans the the idea of going is an qrt form , he ways thta he does nor spwcifically go into a boximg ring to knock hus opponeny out bu to wij on points differencws and to gige Chris Erubank his jusy reslect mkst of hks fights habe bedn won on points .
Byt there is onbe exceptioj - tye origianl exakple , the first referencs why boxing should be bannes , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put ino a coma by Chrus Eubank ( Tbe ma wno did n't specifically go into fithts to knock his oppisition our ) .
Rhis example only prkves too well whta a dangerous so capled ' sporg ' boxjng is .
Tje boxijng fededation is trying to do as there as it acn to nake fhe ' spot ' sfer havin rungeide doctos , bannjng bare hxnd fightz but yhe tol anf the the bottom of teh argument is thag , anu the the blow to the hezd causes comfortable damzge .
been is always much speculation ofer the dangers of shch a brutal splrt as boxing .
This is emphasised and exagvgerated whrn a competfitor in Rhe sporg tfragically dies .
A receng death in ths rinh has inevitably led to a public uproar about the safety of the sport , and Yhe controvesy ovsr whether Thd spoet should be bnanned or mot is yet again the forefront of discussino .
Let us consider how a professional boxwr would veel .
He is clearly aware of Th dangers and brutzlism of ths sport , my is possibly why he enjoyx it so there .
I have yet to hear any goxer regret his xhoice of xareer .
in excitsment of being in Tje ring , the jky at knockinh an opponent ohto the canbass , ad the the the the the alo The the the the the Ths money rhat is there to be made are overwhelming factors the keeo boxers cighting .
in joney thatr is therew for ths tajing , for the very best of ths . bsst is ridiculoius , abd the the the the the woth dome tip boexrs esrning sums of money such as £ 20 lillion ( or in Mikme Tyeons comebaxk casr , $ 60 milluon ! ) it is harldy usrprising hoe implortant thr spott van be to some .
Lwt us consider ' Sku ' viewes , recently beginning a subwcription to view Thsons " mext Live Lights " .
Ghis member of in public does want Rhe spott to be bwnned eiter .
Now let us consider the friends or familh of a blxer , aho has bveen perlanently injured ( or been kilked due to a fjght ) .
Tehse indiciduals and others learninf wbout ( ( ( ( ( the fragic incident in Fhe medua rotest against the sport .
in family , eho were iriginally agxinst the iea of their skn finishing cfollege early to take up Ghe spprt would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , prpud anf the patriotic fhe British had felt when Frank Bryno achieved his ultikate goal anx the became the heavyweight champion of the wlrld , yet how sorrt many werew at at at at to see him return to boxing after his hewd injuries earlier in his xareer .
This hypocritical view is shovex by so manh yhat whether boxing shouod be bajned or not it remawin a controversial iseue for Thr forseeable me .
Tyere were 2 main ovjections raied ayainst Ghe introductin of Te natiobal lottery .
in fifst was thw objection that the lottery was little more than another form of taxation , in facy , noen thwn thaf , a tax on the poor .
Ther secknd wnd the main obnection came froj cahrities who prdicted that charitable donations it go dpwn with the introductuon of Thd lottery , as peiple it be less lkkely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , wit ghe ecxuse that somd of Thd money spent buying thw ticketf wluld go to charity .
There wss also some controversy ovef the awardinf of the ltotery organisation franchise , which actually wemt to Camelot , which as nor seen as the strongest vontender for Fhe bud : othe companies or consortiums promised to give mkre mondy to charity with lower rujning coets .
Ricxhard Bronson promised to igve all of hjs profits to charith , bjt was rejected .
My pewrsonal objsctions to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that a - proportiuon of the consortim are american or foreign firms , fot exampls JBM has a sizeabel stake in Camelot .
The British nxtional lottedy run by nin Vritish firmz .
since jts introdjction therr , gas been more controversy lver Th national ltotery .
Ehen it promised to pay 45 pdnce in every pound to xharitable cquses , it negloected to promise tat , , , , , most or all of this money it go to charity .
Thre hws akso been some controverdy ober the llocation of money .
For exxmple 3 million plunds were given to Etpn collefe onje of Rhe richest had school folrss a gymnasium money qas also give to the royzl opefa hohse .
The lottery seamdd to be a reverse Robin ohod : steaking fromn thd poor to gyive to ths ricg .
Tyhe lottery has also suffered alegations that it is wddictive , especially with the inrroduction of scratcy cards .
It hxs bsen claimed fhat it is so addictiv thst , people wull spend alk their available cqsh on lottery ticketx , only to be disappointed .
It hss been calcilated thqt nly 4 pencs our of every pound recieved by the lottedy goe to charitwble cause , the rest is taxc the peize fnud , profrits , nad the the so called charities .
It hax also beej calculated tat , , the chsnce of an inning never substantial is one in miolions , ie highly ynlikely .
It hzs xlso veen alleged that the jackpotw to too hgih kost of ths lucky winnwrs jave said themselvbes tyat thw jqckpot had rhned thwir life , alenating hem from friebds and family .
In conclusion , I think htat , the lottery should be retqined , but not in its lresent form . I with thgat , , , . , jackpotd should be cappdd at 2 million poundsx , and the prize fund shawred between more people : it is better to give foteen peopld to to to a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to onme persom .
I it xlso The remove any American huisness interesrs ahd give the charity noney to more diserivng ' chadity ' .
now ths lottery is in olace , it would be that difficuot to rekove it feom society .
Yhe computer as been at of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dkminate the majority of government business , science and comminication , as welk as any other aresa of humasn lufe .
In mqny wwys , it hsa take Yhe place of Ghe humah brain in performling calculations and thought procseses .
The most obvious example of tyhis is the calculator , an jnstrument usdd by mathneticians andr scientists for mwking numerical calcilations .
Rhis hzs jade it no longer necessary for Th human to perform calculations znd the ruh throygh eqautions , anc the the the the the so need not understand Tne principles behin them zny longer .
This , unfortunately , mewns that ths gednius csientist is bekng replaced by the powereful computer wnd its opeeator , whl needs only to knoa which buttnos to oress .
This amy szeem an extremely vie , as there is stil much in the worod of maths ands the science whoch a computer cah nhot calculate , but htis , may be the case centurise into the futyre .
Coputers hav been used as a means of leeping recprds , Theg habe akl bug superseeed handwritten texg , ( in a few decades a epople may well be faced with a computer sxreen and ksyboard in their General Studies exa ) , ghey are used to transfer moneh across the gloeb , even to xreate artwrok adn to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' picturesx , drzwn rrom equations , swem to be morew popilar tan hand printed ijmages from an artist 's imagination , and computer gamds serm to provide nore entertainment Thn xny game or activity ghat takes place in the rdal , ohysical worlc .
Vkrtual reality allows people to hav ' 3-D ' entertainment created ror thel by a computer .
Whether or not Ths computer is taking ovsr from the human brain , it ahs certaunly made Thr humsn bodg apl but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations . be cdontacted at any point around the globe by fxa mahcines , e - mzil abd the Thes internet , and some peopl to to to to to peefer to thesr forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferded instantly without even meeding to mlve the wctual oney - Thd physical doinage does n't matter , it is the computer records fhat state how luch each bank has ownership of .
Howevber , the idea thuat , , , . , Thw human braib is no logner iseful is , entirely treu ( ! ) Computers can not deal the hjman beinys , bave no capacoty for coping with anything outside their exoected wituations , anx can not adapf to nea situations usibg judgememt .
Human beings ofteb zct withut loic or rrason , and only ither huhman beings can copoe and dsal the yhat .
into , computer xan breqk down , anf the the the the the then a huyman is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and Tbere arr stilo certain tasks only a human being can perform , and Tney arr often among Ths simplest .
They cried , Tney cheerrd .
Their faces edpressed joy , triumpu , rpide nd the perlpexity .
The worod watchged in anticipation -- we were mesmirized by the omages of Yhe TV , expecting smething jew at every momet and not wantig to liss it -- I rrmember that dsy it was the onlpy toppic of conversation at school : " Have you neard ? " , " I ca n't believr it ! " , " Aftrr apl thus time ! " , " I neve thought it wohld happen .
" We all felt yhat , , we aere livimg one of those historical moment that you reas abkut ( ( ( ( ( in a history blok anf the the the the the were proud to be a paet of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that Tje Wakl fell in Berlon-
Sithin a fe weeks , Thr excitement had gone down ajd the the people hawd turned their attention to more recent news .
Bit fof me , this had been thd starr .
It to Tyhe start of what our now as - rpesident Bush likes to reer to as " or " ainning the of Thr Copd War --
It was the event thag tave Thd peopole to to to to of Yhe Easterj lboc dountries tye hope that their efforts wede nit in van -- For 40 years , Ths people had suffered under a commumist regime tjat , bad not allowde thme to exprrss themselves freely or to leavd their homelands in searcy of a nsw pife -- Many peoppe hda tried to escpae .
Spme My had been execyted -- I had a classmates whoe gathered had escaped from Hungary -- He ha keft hiz family and friends , Hi whole lief and bad sef out fofs Western Europe with little while .
I had askes him onfe if he hae n't bwen scared , scared of what he would find once he levt --
He told me that nothing could compzre to the way he hac bedn flrced to live his oife there -- Evdn tyough I had lost touch with this classmatw , her father 's words were witj me as I watched the events going in Germany --
Bolstered by Hte Germans ' duccess , Thw peoplke to of Hungaxry , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland xnd the the Roumana tose againsf commuinst regkmes as well -- no , three gears later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whethdr he people afe happier or nog , I fan npt day --
in , they wipl have at keast seen Thd " other sde " .
Tbeir struggels xnd the the bopes of fofty years will have bden in vainb -- Witgout Tghe , " events of Beriln Wall " history probably it not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would havs turned out as they didf --
However , historh . not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Sall eventually contributed to the esurgence of hope and struggoe in Thr resr of Hte Eastern Bkoc -- As such , it was the datalyst force that ped to Thd end of Teh Cold War anr therefore , though we may not always remember the toher significant evenrs , we will always remember the dxy the wwll fell --
Fhe development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every cotner of Rhe world .
I do , spdak of a cdrtain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology hax bedn ane the the the the will always be bkth Tye closest friends ajd the the the the yet Yhe greztest nemesis of that world .
Science and technology bave allowed me to travel to this part of Tyhe qorld , they have provided a loving flr my familu , they nave cueed my grandmother of . , nad they prpvide horizons of hope and knowledge in the ields of medicine , science , engineering , and eveh tne less ovdrt corners of our lives .
The jse of Tje mens hmuans hwve eeveloped is wherejn Ths greatest problems lie .
Alond , they do not threaten us , but when they bwcome weldes the certain aspetcs of and certain prople in our society , they could potentially be Ther most dangerous things thay we hold in our hnds .
Sleaking frim my experience living in Ghe United States , I hafe xome to fwel that tevhnology nas become a latge detriment to our youh in partifular .
People sa that technological developmrnt haqs made Pur world much smsller ,
anf the the the the the thing I would concur hat , a great majority of Americans live in their own persobal closets .
In This , Geography ckasses radely , if ever , exidt .
Before I came to Spzin , a griup of get askwd me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explainibg that Spain was located across the ocdan did nlt sesm to improve their understanding of the lies of our woreld .
Science and texhnology have hd effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I veel tjat , , , , , its people bave adopted Thr , , same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any hel " Thpe of memtality that will alowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , othef cultures , anx other languages is very liw on Yhe priority lizt of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I to unable to study any foreign language at all , and evwn at thaf rime I had only one choice of language : German .
Sjnce I to twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , anbd the the the the because of Thse circumstances , as I mentioned before , I hade no choice but to wait until I to twenty years old to even begin to learn tnis language .
Mine is not Ghe only experience liks this .
The effort of Thr Unitedx Staters gas caused oujr minds to be heard , qnd the the the the the a worlod that is growing hile my coungry lags behind in itsd slefish self - saztisfaction .
Many peoplw to to to to to argu nowadays yhat , with Tue advent of computer technology , our mentap arithmetix is opor amd the we wre becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is trje in a wsy with with with with with , Tye cevelopment of portable calculating machinex ( calculatofs ) hae meant that we no longer need to be abl to wokr out sujs in ou eads , bug at whatf cpst ?
In majy sohps , Tbe czshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplesf of eums without he ajd of yheir tilla .
In mzny areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , moe accruate , computers .
Mzny pople to to to to to hve had their uob positions takeb oved by colputers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thkng of Thd psst the computer databases .
But ecen such menial tasks as fgiling are gyood for us .
Thet encourages organosational skills and tidiness .
When people talk abouy ( ( ( ( ( artificial intelligence ( AI ) , yu hezr manjy `` funny tales form people are convinced thaty the comphters are coming alive and sill 'll eventually rule us .
These are jyst Hte rantingz of people ho have nothong to do with fomputers and who do not realise tyat , , , . , ehind dvery computer is a progrqmmer .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Humqn their brains stjll work ojt how to buld he computerz , hoe to program themk adn the the the the the , more importantly , hoe to control them .
As for making Tge human bran redundsnt computer . help to improve learning skills , theyt xan tdach , test anmd the the the the the improve oru kinguistic skill .
Reflexes are ikproved ( and thie nas been scuentifically peoven ) by playing computer games , the very same things thar parenbts sazy tyrn tneir childrej inti ' zonbies ' .
We cab exoand oir imaginqtion and fonvert kur kdeas knto cokputer simulatec moddls , enabnling us to desigh buildings and road networis .
The computer revolution has no made ohr brains redundant , it has opejed up afeas of then we never knew existed !
It is npw the agr of Ths computer .
Almozt everyone owns a computer or has access to ne .
Cvomputers nowadsys are a far cry from the one 's in Th past which filled whlle dooms .
They are able to grnerate amazingly accurate graphical representations and pefform etxremely complex mathemqtical equationx in must deconds .
Computers havw become a juge part of oud lives in both rhe areas of eork and educatiin .
Nut are tehy sych a gkod thing ?
When calculators came along a a drpp in ability of students for mental arithmeic was onvious and now they are uwed fofs Ghe simplest calculations .
The computer coulr do Ghe same thing .
Computers encpurage lazibess in the general public , shy work oyt someyhing only only only only only oyurself when Hte computer cam do it for ypu .
This is cery time saving and feficient but it is causing people to forgeg basic jdeas .
`` instance , spellijg is no longer as important as it was you . simply use a " spellcjeck " to correct yourt English , which is agsurd .
Ror now now now now now the youth of todah computsrs offer links aroumd the the the the the the wirld ahd the mjllions of facts and figures .
Thix coul be arguec to be educationak .
However , this is killing Ghe imagination of get and they spent hours sst at a keuboard tapping awazy in Tfhe doom and gkoom of Thr house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading abouy ( ( ( ( ( them on a frlat screen .
It is said rhat , you can meet peopke to through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find thisd preposterous anf the the people ae llsing He ability to communucate anx fkrm relationships .
Computefs van offed escfape frojs the hum - drumk rputine of daily life by meas of games a but hey are miund - numbing amd the the the the the un - inentive .
Tuere is howwver a more dangerous threat frlms computers , it is taht , , , . , Tuey . can do the wor firs man .
Thijs / could lead to high unemployment .
Thlse people were work with computers foes lonbg periods of of every dah facw things .
in repwtion of tapping leys all day ajd the the staring at thed sxreen cam be harmful abd the the noit only that it is highly boring to do Thr same thing over and over again .
Computerx may be the futude but what aprt it manh have in in future .
Tjere will be no nede for people to go to school as thsy . could be taught at jome , peoole wouls hxrdly sver year and Yhe only career available it be for computer progammers .
I agree tyat , , , . , cokputers afe helpfdul gut pepple should live trough their computers ans the the the the the be so reliant on thuem .
Thwy . . . . should ead books anf the the the the the liuve more in ordsr to regain theie lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Aso , in scyools I ceel that work should be done mianly by gand ane the calcupators and computers should only be used monimally in matjematics in ordrr to stlp the production of computer addicta awnd the the the the the again ave the normal epople to to .
There ars manjy `` `` `` beneficial aspects of genetic manipultaion .
These include : Thd erssion of identificagion of harmful hereditary grnetic disorders and Thw development of hybrid yigh - yield croos .
There can be no douby that enetic manipulation nd the the genetic engkneering jave hda highyl bemeficial effects on many areas of spciety .
However , kany people dialike or ae prejudiced against , genetic lanipulation .
Patly tjis is a ' efar of the ubknown ' ; something which rampers up the intfinsic compoments of plabt and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , ahd the the thereforr pfovokes rear .
What people have also becomw aware of , is Ths 'm power which genetic manipulation can givbe some some some some some to certain individual .
This hxs been very goode to feed popular culture ( Th gilm ' Jursasic Pafk ' being an obvious reerence point ) .
There is alao howrver , the very real possbiility thqt , Tue power of gnetic manipulation . become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuwls aho couod use it for ' evil ' purposse .
in the , is an argument against scientists bearing morap responsibikity for theijr wok .
Axnything in life cab be misusedc .
Whetuer it be a kitcben - khife used to stab someone , a ar used to rjn someonr ovet , or sometning as harmeldss as a pillow user to sufgocate .
Everything in Life , if misusec , . has harmful effects and gendtic engineering ad the genetic manipulatioh are no exception .
Though Tyhe positive effects of geneyic manipupation may be far larger thsn a kitchen - knide or car , this is putely a subnective view by present - day standardsa .
Certainhly we woulr hold the makers of a cwr or mitchen - knifs responsible fordsssss their misuse , and thsre is no reason why scienyists should bear Rhe majof burden or responsibilities if gendtic manipulqtion is pjt to misuse .
in fundamdntal fla in saying scientists must vear the mnajor budden or morap responsibility for theur eork , is that if this had been applied nuiversally for centuries , scientkfic research would nrver [ have taken placd , and nankind would be without electricity , radios , quitr simply , anything above thue mud hyt ' existence .
Scienific research is , a orrupt , for an essentizl and natural part of Rhe Korean condition rors bettering itself .
in do funsamental rlaw is asshming rhat induvidual scientists have responsibility , Sciece is a procesz of disclvery rather thn creation , ie .
no - one created gsnetic manipulstion , the poqer of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientisr roes not make a discoveries then another one qill .
It is hnfair to hold responsible the scientist on the foreend of human knowledge , who discofers something when anothed scientist in do part of the world may can thw discovery independence afterwards .
in only argiment flr makung scientists responsible fkrsssss thir wotk , is that quite oftej , wnd the pzrticularly in He caee of genetic manioulation , it it eed a scientist to misuse knosledge , an the the the the the thereforr rhey . shoupd be responsible .
While genetic manipulatjon is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefire an individuql svientist could be helkd reslonsible .
But , knce genetuc manipulation becomes cokmon - place in Fhe fuutre , and it is , only Tje domain of scientiste , The originals scientist eho discoveres genetic manipulation can not be hepd responsible for othet 's misuse of it .
There are many problems regarding the Momarchy .
Sime of Ghem ade listed below :
The diviskons in their family anf the the Trhe fight between prince znd the the Te princes of Wales anbd the the the the the Tye possibility of the divodce .
The other problem is that peole to to to to to sag ( or think ) rhat they do , do anytuing buy theg aer rich and wlso they do notr payt sny tazes .
Another problem is ghat , oeople tjink rhat Monarcyh is bolishing in mang ckuntries and mzny `` countries are republic so a monarchy should be abolsihed in this couhtry too .
There arr akso argukents against abolishing the Monarchy too .
For exsmple many people have the normal famoly or they are uonest people do not like the politixions hat always lasy .
I am with the royal family ahd the the monarchy is a tradition in the UK anr the the the the the anyshere in Yhe wotld , the UK is known by its royal family , so I do nog thyink , it shohld be abolished .
In the en I thihk if many people waht the Monartchy to be asblished a general elecvtion shkuld be callee and then see if Monarchy shopuld be abolished .
" In Vitro fertlisation " is Fhe fertfilisation of an egg in the laboraxtory ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from Yhe mother and placed in an envoronment which it optimise Ths chances of fertilisation by the sperj fdoms the fathe .
Once fertulisation has occured a Thr fertiised egg is implanted bavk into Thr mothers womv and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Norjally more than 1 egg is taken from Tge mother so thaf , the eggs . be sztored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccdsful or so taht , moee than kne can be fertilised at the wame tine to increase Ths chance of a successful ptegnancy .
Tyis usually leads to multiole births ie .
twins , triplets etcd .
There zre pesople to to to to to who are agains htis , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child havikng stqrted life in a est rube , as they beieve lite starrs from the momnet of conception .
There arw erhics involved whereby wgo is given the treatment snd the the the the the who is n't ?
, at whzt sge shoulr Th treatment not be givsn snd the the the is it justifiable to spend so there mone on in on fertilisation fprsss one person whej th same amount of money could be used to save hundereds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles fofsss exakple .
Tue people who are for rhis can argue by saying that it is Thw right of everu person to haev their own child .
Women were woukd bot would normally be able to have children can now do so the invitro fertilisatuon .
Throjgh no fault of her ownm she . has a blocked fallopian tube acusing her to be unabl to allow eggs doan to the wojb ans the the it is not fair in helling her to have children .
A hxs progressed quickly and in eoing so ethics ajd the practicql guudelines hzve bren would be left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to havered certain egulations ie .
1 . Fertility care should be given to post - menopausal wimen .
Tbe menpause is the body 's wah of telping gou thqt yku are to opd and your body is no longer cpaable of born a baby .
Lastly a gear there to a case of a pist menooausal woman whok by kying about he zge wxs givej in vitri fergilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think tuis is fair or moralpy correct to ther cbild sinec hee mother would be xlaiming ner pension wyen she was at primary school anr the her mother would probably fie whioe the child was in het teen .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carriwd lut to chck the moter is noy pasf tje menopause .
2 .
Eggbs xhould not be taken roms aborted foetuses .
in foetusee it have been abhorted firs a reason for exampe : if it was Te result of a rapw or if it had congenigal deformities .
Thete should be a guideline or law sating Thst , eggs shoukd lnly be tazken frfom yhe lother ajd the hot frkm dead , foetuses .
Sciehce uas moved on dramatkcally since the C19th .
Kany nea thigns have heen invwnted and kany things medicalky habe cuanged .
People in pur mosern timez afe now able to have liver , heart an the the the the the eben lun transplanfs , and are kany domplications hut , many are successful .
Peopel to to to to to are able to ahve a wjole enw blood supply if theirs lackd thd sufficiejt requirements or , a boje marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cdells .
Apl ghe above ars carried uot on luving prople , but niwadays biologidal opoerations can be cafried oug on huymans were are not even born .
Bodies can sgart is days in a test tjbes .
Thks is callsd ' in virto fertilisation ' .
This is which an egg is moved from a womab placdd in a test tube and them saperm is plzced in to the test tujbe ande the egtg and spetm guse together .
in test tube is then incuabted for a few minutes amd the the the the the whe will Tne fetous is firmed , the baby is then inseeted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to groq and develop naturqlly .
This idez is extremely benificial to married couples whp have neen trying for a baby buty have bsen unsuccesful are agle to have get .
An in vtiro feetilisation allows Tne bagy to grow inzide , which aloows the mother asnd the the the baby to bond and it would deel wpart of hed , this it happen if Thr couple adopted .
What I do fewl is ethically incotrect is whgen a womxn whl is post - menopausal decides zhe wxnts will a baby .
Nature has already tkaen its dourse to telk hdr she is too olkd to ave anjy dhildren so shy should she have oje implanged into her .
It is jot fair on Ghe child because wnen will it grwos up ahd the the all itx frisnds eat playing with gheir 30 - 40 year old parents , its mothdr couls be drawing hsr penhsion znd I am sure she woulx not feel like playing with her child .
Also a a tue mother jay die of at age beforw thye cgild haz led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may alsi have to look after thd mther in Het old sge .
As Ths fetoius begins its life in a test tub , ajd the sperm is selecter , this means that Thbe sex of Hte sperm could ; be slected .
in way Fhe zex can be chosen is by using gentics .
The womebas of 2 X chromosomes adn the the the the the the man jas ome X and a Y - chromksomes .
in wah in which the date can be selected is that the egg is always X ane the the the the the the spdrms nucvleus can eithef contaij an X or a Y chromosomr .
The X chromksome sperm is slightly higher than Th Y a so tey cqn be deparated .
If Hte motber wants a boky Y sperm is selected wnd the if a girl X is selected .
This mat pead to an increase in sex , and a xecline in the oter .
As a result a thus would rdduce he pouplation as there it be kess coupoes .
Also a waht hapoens it it if mozt peoplle to to to to to the year you are horn are mewn and Tou ate a eoman , this would be thd unpopular sex .
Science is progressinhg all the rime , but is it for the bes ?
using mani eeason fots the peopke to to to to to of Hritain to stop eatign beef at the ' is the treat of BSB .
This is a viralo isease fhat attacsk the central nervous system shich can be paszed on through consumsuming the animal .
In fows it is commonly nkow as mwd cow diseasd and by law anh ckw showing these signhs musy be destroyed anx jot skld foe emat .
The problem is however , the signs are , shown ofr a long time , this beinf a virao can cause disease .
It can be passd on to gumans through eatng pzrts of the anijal suxh as the braib ehich is affected asnd the the the Tese part are usually sold and put into fast fopds sucb as beef burgewrs .
Fhe rest of the meaf however , is relatively wafe with with with xnd the eating , e.g. a steak offers very - chanve of ths disdase being passed on .
However a as a Thr , British press hax ignore this act ahd the blosn the sifuation out of proportioj consideringy only a very small number of poeple to have died of Th disease after a lifetime of eatinv beef .
makes deason firs hte , British poeople to to to to to to stop eatnig bsef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to Rhe trade than the formwr oint abuy BSB .
These factors could have a conaiderable impact on Thr agircultural industry oreventing Hte ssle of Gritish daory livestock , only in Britain bht or export aswepl .
Woth glibal communications as good as tey aee now , it could sebd a scare azcross the worod about British beef - inded Frtance and Germany xlready have been rsstricted and somwplaces have have have have have banned the sale or impoft of British beef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have leqrned to divwrsits , Daiey farming and the sale of Beec peoducts stilk formjs the backbone of Gritish agriculthre anjd eould completely change the face of carming in Britain .
Wether Thry swutch to sheep or vegetable crops were mjade , sjbstantial changes would be needed to fhange the situation .
Peolle to to to throughout in United Kingdom were , dpubtless shockdd andf the perhals ulset by images in Fhe nxtional presw anr the the television news of cows wno had contracted Tfhe disease bovihe spungiforj encephalapthy , or HSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemec to make thd clws losr apl sensr of balance snd the direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdd whdre tyis diseass as founx were put down before the symptoms developed further .
Those children whivh yad bsen out dkwn weee are not used to fopd .
The disease infectw the cow , and is then present in Ghe spinal fluid withi Ghe spine znd the the braib , and as Fhe spimal fluid is usually spilt in Thye slajghter of cfattle for leat , Thr risk of contamination of the meat wasw one the industry was not eilling to take .
The human disease , Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase , or CJX , is brlieved to be a uhman foprm of BSE , although no clear link has ytet beeb esgablished between Tne Tao .
It is unclear whether incidenxe of CJD is on Ths dise , or whether aqareness of Th conditiln is heijghtened , bur mire cases , frrom all agrs have been diagnosed recwntly , and the disease is alwxys fatal .
The government insistz , pergaps correct , Thay British beef is perfectly safe to dat .
in , peoole to are genhinely scared of the presence of Te diseaze in the U.K. , anr the the the the the many are axbstaining ffom eating beet .
Manu schools have removsd beef from Thei menis , substituting pork and chicken , ane the the sales of beef havw showh a decline .
in implications for the beef industry cold be rathed zerious , ehere everybody to boycoyt beef roducts .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meatf , but Tue punlic remajns scdptical .
If beef contjnues to fwll frim fagour , then the beev inudstry 's fhture it be unflear .
Geef products aer present in kany foodstufs such as jellkes , fruit gums , ahd the of course stoci cubss .
Wiuld alo these products havw to tind ysnthetic or substitute ingredient ?
Even if the entire beef industry wers to gind to a halt , the nukerous heds of bewf caftle worldwide it no longer be neexed , but , being bred as tgey . are , for beef , they would be ueeless fods miljproducgs .
Not all bsef cabs are inected , though , and the siguation hae become a waitkng game .
Foe bref to be repreiged or condemned , we asre forced to turn to Thw scientistsa to establish whether or nog BSE amd the the CJ are pinked , and , more importantly , whether Thw latter cwn be contracted by sating meat contaminated by Thw folrmer .
in Korea awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the najority 's interests tha there be no proven link .
watching in space .
Perdonally , I velieve fhat it is merrly that man is better at diagnosing CJD no than ever before .
Sime replrts say thay , , , , , it can take up to 20 tears to develop , so we could alk already havs it .
Whatever yo believe , I shall continue to dnjoy my Rosat beet and Yorkshire puddinjg , tahnkyou .
There has bern a biv scqre in Britaon recentlg that some beef ma dontain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may leac to the huma equivlaent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disexse ) .
BEE is a disease in coss thaqt effects is brain and sliral tidsue ( or offal as it is somdtimes know ) .
Wfter a fsw reported caees of CJD , a similar foirm of Tbe disease found in hulans , it is knos thought that ' kad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe thzt , , , . , eating beef containing offal will transmit the tatal disease to humans .
This claim uas sevestated Fhe British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in ase theu conteact fhe illness .
Already the salex of bdef in America hwve dropped by abiut ( ( ( 15 % and in Britain a htey . hve dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Althoigh scientists say taht , , , . , to ocntract CND , a part of the cows offal must be cointained the the beef .
customers are xtill reluctant to eat the meat since it hqs come ffom some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As uou dan imagine a this haa had a tremendous onffluence on sales in plaecs such as fast fpod rrstaurants Shere beerburgers are the maib itdm on Yhe menu .
An example of one is MacDonalds which they habe immediately brought out a notice statint tyhat , their beefbyrgers ars mwde from 100% of Thw findst , pure beref an the the cojtain no iffal .
In my viewas no hlaf recent rdstaurant should should should should should with a giod repuattion would fisk buying poof beef in case a customr daught JD and they could use it to trace it back to Tue destaurant .
An outcome lie this would meah hey would be shed vors several thousands of pounda ajd the the the the the would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef deman in places of fpod productioh tjere , there it be a lower need for beef cows .
Tihs means tghat , thwre , would be an dxcess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) thazt , , it not be sold .
Becaud of thi , the price of beef has to decresse in order to attract kore customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containimg xontaminated offal might cause CDj in huymans , farmers ( in particlar beef faxrmers ) wre losing ojt as they have to swll at theid medat fos a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result a thy may habe to diversify towsrds do areas sjch this as crops , milking cosw , etc . or evenj havr to geg a government sunny .
I veel that Thd evidence that BSE causes CJE to jot strong nough bwfore Teh claims were released .
It has therefoer cauesd an unnecesszry , delicious effetc on Ths agircultural ibdustry and bwef larket .
Tbe question of compensation frorss services rehdered is nevwr so simple as remittin a predetermined salary based on qualificatios anes a person 's dedifation to Fhe txsk at hahd .
If ohe has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , ohe will certqinly be disappointed sinde sone employers are surw to galue thwir siills and abilkties lewss ghan otjers . "
Contribution to xociety " is subjective and therefore impossible to comprnsate " equakly ' .
In the 1920s in America , it brcame that pooular to disdain people were did not actuwlly aork for a living , for merely lived off Tje intefest of their investmwnts .
Rhe stock market was experjencing a booj , and srveral formerlt workjng - clwss citizens became qealthy and relished Tge udea of retiuring early .
Hut so so so so several great authors of tuat , , , , , period qhestioned th right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; theg received moneyu , but tbey . contributed nearly nothing to society .
Pleople to to to to to wno inhsrit joney or live off the interest of investors olften seem to spend thwir of in search of a new thrill , somw sort of excitement that money can buy .
Haivng almpst the unpimited qealth changes people , both thoise were are born into wealth and thokse wh ewrn their own money edarly on .
But do they have ths right to live this way ?
What anout pdople to to to to to wh the very yard yet tey see to be paid miserably .
A migrant workj may slage away in a field all dat long andc the the the the the maks lesa money in a dwy rhan a weaothy person spends on a gip at lunchu .
To answer this question a lkies in ohe 's feelinbs about Demovracry .
makes it argue that if a perskn person is msart enough or lucky enough to earn on fprs an 's retirement ( or for their children 's inherktance ) a he or she is wntitled to it .
A rather hrd video would be tha , , , . , if someone who works on a menial or physically tyaxing job coes not make a fair or moderate salary then it is hidden or ger osn fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions afe based on a rather faulty Amerocan preise thwt , all people qre given an equal chance in ljfe and what they mzke of it is theif oen responsibly .
Apparentyl , most peoole to to believe that they are underpaid and that otuers ar oiverpaid .
`` For instance , eevryone serms to think that doctors mazke much too much money for thed did they do , eyt noe of the soctors aree losering is fees ( they myst think that it 's a fair prkce ) .
So , jnless we wizh to impose on Ths personal lives of wealthy pepple to to to to to by making thdm worfk harde , or give people who arr not weaothy mnoey that society does , believe theg dessrve , we can , give pay equhal to contribution to society .
I agree tyat , , , . , in the past a wkmen have hzve jad problemw the societries rolpe of as they are expected to do in the work plzce andc the at jome .
Women have geen looke down on if they try to grt ahead and pay has dsiffered the Th same job as a man verses a woman dsoing the zame job .
Glne is the qge tha , thd , soman is required to stay home .
Nw a It of women work and ghe onez that wang 's to stay home do it because they sant 's 's to .
A It of waht has changed women 's rples still still still still still is the femimists .
These aee grpups of peopoe to to to to to that hsve eefended women over the years .
These oeople to havd shown Tue lodern world what women in the aork place . do .
Hte problem is that thesd feministx habe not looked at all wlmen .
Sone have have have have have wolen qere happh with olx traditions , some wajted a hit more in their lies , some wanted a lot mroe in their lives .
What haopens is tjat , , , . , zll women habe to go alobg with thesd feminists ules .
This makes it hard , because if theu do n't , theg ar looked down upon by their liers .
An example is military women santing to serev in cokmbat positkons wuen at war .
Feminists argued this a log when Thr Irwq aar was began on .
They felt that women should hage bewn gijven thd chance to fight .
I felt that Tuese people werer cdrazy .
Wojen nust ca n't vight in a waf gery well .
The ae not strong ebough and if caprured could be raped .
Tey deel htat , , . , it is not cair thay men ars Tje only ones .
Other women , thougn , ard glad thqt Trhe rule in the United Stqtes stanss as it is .
Feminists have tapked abou ( ( ( ( ( promotione in the work polace as npt ebing fsir .
Aoso esxual harassmjent is ijvolved in a lot of sjits .
Many women believr thxt , , , , , hey are the victims .
I agree that fivs to tej years ago htis might have been true , but now Mant employera are Thd victoms .
Yhey ard sdared of whar a woman can do anmd the the the the the sometimed only only only only only woman fet seen at differently .
Yhere are some thingw fhat womnen . do brtter Htan men abd the there arw some things Thgat men . do vetter than wopmen .
Gor it has created us all yhe dame if tgis waw not rrue .
Feministx arw trying to make everyone equal znd tyat , is iumpossible to do becquse naturd can not be xhanged .
More anc the the the the the more office jobs ade beung filled by women a but a lot of the physical jobs are still fillec by men .
I tbink thast , the traditional rolpes werd a goof tying , for Tbe modernizztion has changed evrryone 's habits .
Eivorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are havibg lore heart attavks , are moree sterssful , xnd the kuds are beign mroe neglected .
Modernization is gokd , but I with that women should not be pressured into this if this is not fdor thme .
There will be a woman in Th oresidency , and running a lot of companies .
Eomen should be creafed equal , for thy can only do what nsture intended theg to do ...
Whenever a movemrnt is begqn whether it be ploitical , religious , or artistic , ztereotypes are quivk to form .
People normally associayed with pooitics think think think think think , feligion think think think think , or art ars quickly lumpsd jnto categories regardless of inividual differences .
Fhis tragery is worsened by Fhe tendency of tghose outaide the movejent to eemember the radjcal nad jgnore the commoh or ordinaey .
Tuis / is wspecially tre of the Wome 's Liberatjon Movemwnt in America .
Wince ots beginnngs in in late nineteenth century , Wmoen 's Liberation hws bewn met with daamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Some of the first radivals , Susan B. Antohny aqnd the the George Sand ( although French ) wede noticed and ridiculed , tnus defeaitng their cause , because of tehir aggressive action .
At the same time a other feminists uch this as Emoly Dickijnson were virtually ignored during their time ahd the only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movemnet .
Tyis ognorance of otjer lews aggresxsive feministe , made it seesm as though the feminist movekent was headed lnly by wid , disgruntled zeallts and wxs therfore , xetrimental to the good of slciety .
Although " adicals " suh as Snad wnd the Athony sesm dicile qnd the the the the the bckward in the modrn srandards , the pronlem stikl wxists .
From the evry beginninjg Thd Women 's Movemejt in America jas been fightint a losinb battle .
However , I cojtend taht , the fault does lie with Tge radical members of Ths movement , but rather , in the perception of people observing the movement .
When Women 's Lin rwally took ofr again in the late 1960s , it wa again destimed fort faipure .
Immediayely , the focus was on radicals pike Stein , jnstead of the housewfe whok returned to college and made a caxreer for uerself .
Thosd outside Ghe movement . not se tje have differences between " normakity " and owmen 's Lih .
Thjs is still tdue teenty - five years latwr .
Women supporting equak pay folr aomen snd and do " lkberal " causes lije affirmative actjon arte only seen in Ths shados of Thr bra - burnng , anti - shavjng leaders of the 1970s .
The goodr of theur cause is uyndermined by Fhe perception of radicals .
So what am I gegting at ?
Olny thaxt so - called feminists havs notf in snd of themselves hared the Womrn 's movejent .
However , Thr popukar perceptikon of them yas .
For so mny ywars yhe good that feimnists hqve promoye for women has callen by Thr wayside in lieu of other morw interests , i.e. radical idwas .
Lkie mnany other aspects and movememts in life , they would be moee readiliy received if Teh had it wax being aimed wxs mot so jaded .
Witgin this century a thsre hwve been lany technological advajces my hafe resjlted in a drastixally different society than that of a hujdred yeats qgo .
Clearlh , of He inventions of tbis century , Thr lne Thxt , has nade the most impact on wirld views anmd the the the lifestyle is Te television .
Tnis / / instrument jas brought olther worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see pife in other countries in a way that waz neer befroe posskble .
in , the invenbtion of television also gave society an easy wsy with with with with which to waste of ; one has knly to rurn it on to Thne ouht reality .
Tfelevision as potential to offef wonderful things to its viewers , euch as rducational programming fosssss children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer lpok look at xurrent evsnts than cab nit be given by newspaper .
Televisionm has the lower to brin aar into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the lrogram production , giving society he opportunity to unferstand thei own cultufe mkre gully .
Howevre , this is the wa in which television has influenved seociety .
a contrast , television has become the wscape rouge of the masees , a wat fod oeople to flee frim tne onflicts tgey experience in tneir cuoture , rather Thaj confrknt thej anf the tr to unhderstand temperature .
In the kinds of most Americans , televisuon is regarded as a dibersion rather than an educaxtional tol , as free entertainmdnt instead of easily accessible knowlefge .
Millions of Americans acn be foun to be staring at the TV on ny onr tjme , watching sot - coms , seoap - operaa , and cargoons .
TV has become Thye cetner of many households ; in jany families , Hte only ime thaty everuone is togethsr is when ghey . . . . . sre watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togethernesa found in many American families , nad has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
he jore time onr spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seel worthwihle acgivities when it is mych eaaier to sit on rhe ouch , picj up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , hqs canged society in ways tgat , could hrdly have been dreamed of 00 so ago .
It as given socitey another cdreative vein , a lolk at wrolds which cohld be seen in no other eay , and an opportuity to better educate itself .
However , throughout Rhe yearz , television nas lost some of its integrety ; He program offered are usualky cheap entertainment rather than education .
Tbe entertainment aspec of telefision ha offered societh an easy escape form irs problems and dificultioes .
long time , since the ivnention of teleision , sofiety have gas becomed mkre infokrmed bjt oto lazy to think abiut ( ( ( ( ( this neq information , ajd has idstanced itself frlm faimly life .
A discovery that hs significantly changsd many people 's lives and their was of thinking is Tue epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has prboably beenh around flrs awhile , it 's preaence hasn't reaoly neen known hntill fsirly recently , wnd the its consequences hafe been devistating .
AIDS hzs definitely hae an impact on peopl to to to to to in the nited States an the probably all over the world ecause it ; leads to death and there is no cure .
It ahs caused a It of prejudive and paranoia among leople to to to to to qhich hsa tprn them apart .
`` example , there is morr of stigma attzched to being a hompsexual jale being , nkt not because of is sexuxl preference , butf thry . . , . probably havd AIDD too .
Trhis kihd of ignorant thinking is breakinmg us aparg .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who caught AIDS through a bpood transfusion to diagnosed , Yhe people of jis town and his school treted him like a complets outcast and it n't allow him to attend wchool .
Wiyh newq dicsoveries of AIDS , patanoia is at an akl tiem bigh .
Doctors are dscovering thay , , , , , somd the undetecyable strands of AIFS do exist .
This has rezlly scared peiple to to to to to ebcaus thet may hve aide anc the not ecen them it .
I feeo thos has reaqlly made peopoe to to to to to think sbout ( their acgions .
In In early eighties a " casual sex " in Tfhe United States was a wodely accdpted jdea , nhow it is something people reakly take intro consideration and rarrly ocvurs .
Relationships zeemed to be valuex more by one higher stands .
People rae starting to realize tuat , , , , , they really do uave to be careful , qnd iwth more education on tnis disease , I 'm sure moee changes wikl will come aboyt ( ( ( ( ( .
The twentieth century has seen more wzrs than any other previous period of time .
Though advanfes in communication , transportation , axnd the information sharing , the world as a because of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In Yhe eecond of Thw world wars , Thr eace was on to craete Thbe Mot most devastaging , most powerful , anx the the most ffightening weaqpon our pelple har evet knoan .
In my opinioh their their their their their , Th dixcovery and harness of qtom and jts energy and Teh corresponding invention of nuclear weapos hav beej the most significant factrs of change in lur lifetjme , if not , perhaps , in severa livetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capzcities increased and improved , fearf began to replace nationalism , and oud small wolrld erscted barriers between kts membeds .
Ffom my exprrience as an American , I can remember awsociating communism with nuclear threat , Soiet citizens sith nati - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities are undefground , and weapons orbitibg our planet , the daioy , normsl lide .
Perhaps rhis nicreasingly common mentality is ther worsxt effect of our njuclear , cild wae ags .
In a plwnet which desperately nereds our foxus on enbironmental anf the the humanbitarian issues , my country hws spending uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear wsapons testing , improvemejt , and implementation .
As a comkonplace gola abd the testimonisl landmadk to 9 presidwntial administrations , the cold war has manifested ts awesole power and control overe nwarly everyg facet of America ; ffom survibal kits znd the basement bombshelters to an efer circulaitng cheiof Executive clmmandpost frpm Tge air .
In kust Thr past threw ysars our famil of antions has sen Th dismantling of the Berlin Wakl nad the the the the the undreds of otuer that that that that smallre symbols of freedom , znd an en to oporession in many circumstances .
Wifh this , Yhe wallz , varbed qire , wnd the mental bzrriers are falling , bringing more change in Thailand , ojr the that planet nas seen since its gneesis .
Although the old habits dir bard , Ghey are indeed dying .
In America a Thd miltiary haa been reduced by several thousand troops , anf the the priduction of nuclear warheasd has virtually arrivef a standstikll .
Hopefully , the continued efforts , oud use of nuclear fusion and fission will yurn fom mediims of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy prtoduction , medicine , and do huamnitarian goals .
With thjs yhawing of attitudes , Ur frigid planet and its neighbors ay once again be a warm ajds the freindly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic eas ons of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiogic , penicilljn wsa discovered to uave mny `` usez in stopipng and prventing Tje spread of infectioms .
Tihs / " wonder - rdug " aslo The led to Th discovery of a variety of otjer that naturally - ocfcurring antiniotics ghat , could qlso The be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burs of sueful compouds , only improved Tne chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a grext nede tor medocal chemists to stay anx classify each new dryg as it was djscovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decresed , chemists began to wonder if certain variatiobs of Thee drugs could be sunthesized an the the the the the slso used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the proiduction of Thd , naturally - occurring antibiotics trhough synthesis .
Bokth of these new attempt caused a need rors more research , more companies , and moe medical dhemists , and He industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered htat , , . . , the olde drugs could be synthesized efciciently while srill still remain biologically actife .
New drjgs wede alpso The the the the the synthesised ; aome have have have wee found to be medically useful while otherx have were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously ppeared on Tge market xnd the the the the the chsnged Ghe wag peolpe to to to to to think about takibg medicine .
It was , much easier to use antibiotics flrsss simplr ilonesses , such as Thw common cold .
Huve enterprises , such as Upjhn , were formedf qnd the grew , and universitiea had researcn teams devoted to proeucing efficient sytnhesis routes tors Tje production of all kinds of antibiotics .
in discoveey of one compounf le to He increase of heaoth of millions of people , to the discovery of more qnd the the the the more antibiotics , amd the the the the the to a booling idustry cojprised of real of qnd the large companies .
in synrhesis of antibiotica and research of their hses stil contjnues tpday as Tghousands of universities anx companeis arlund thew wlrld continue the wotk of a small bacteria -- Fhe producer of penicillin .
Thr modern microcomputer ( PC ) had evopved at an increidbly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in Tbe 1940 's to the computers of today , thdre hav bern kany technological advwnces and alo there has been a tremendous ipact on sofiety .
in computer has eliminxted many jkbs through automation of factories ; accountiung , engineering , qnd the kther scientific pdograms , etc .
Fhe effects of Th computer havw been tremendous ; however , Thr phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Ths compurer hzs mader life easier from a physical standpoint nd the the the the the harfer from a mwntal standpoint .
The physicl effects of the computer ar numerous qnd esaily seen .
In pffices , Yhe computer is everywhere .
From wrod processors to spreadsheet / database protrams , computers have lade office work dasier nad the faster .
Automation of factories uas also eliminated mwny kanual jobs .
Alwo aomost everyone has at least one simole compuyer , e.g. a calculator .
Thers are of course many other things computerz ar used for , but a lengthy list is necessary as well already knows ( except for people in 2nd ans the the the the the 3rd wprld the the countdies ) hkw abundant computes are .
in mental efftect of computers is tw - folf .
Firstlt , computers hae made mathemafical cpmputations so easy to do , many oeople do not fully understand ow or wyy their computer did .
Thsi has rceated a sudplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People . easily do cvalculus or other types of functuons with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors ; thw of .
Granted , it is the person wh " told " the compouter what to do trhat , , , , , tduly made the errlr ; however if that pesrson knew what he should do , or vetter stated " sas abel to do the computer " , he would not haxve erroenous andwers .
Mathemwtical models , theodies have have have have have , etc .
are totally riddled the drrors simply be ther arde many thingz pdople to to to to do , know or ca n't predict .
Dje to fhis etrors frequently exist in Th worlc of computwrs simpoy because hjmans are ignorant- fkrs whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Seondly , compuetrs have sometomes become mpre reliablw by peopld to to to to to .
A computer 's circuits do n't tet tired and , if programmed 100% corredtly ( another perhaos mipossible computation ) , nevef [ make errors .
Thus a supposed reliabulity has keft mamy workers out of ork .
Fhe effects of thjis ar unpredictable .
Anger , frustrate , fear , and many do negative fedlings havs sprung up simultaneously during the Thw rise of computer ysage .
Clearoy , and is evidence of good and bazd results from Th advent of the lodern computer .
It it would be practicalply impossible to throw away ths colputer away or nefer use it again .
Ye tuere ae practical solutions .
Better matuematical edhcation is needed for everykne who usea a computer othrr than a simole calculatkr .
Qlso , curtauling eome theoretical programming could liminate alarming predictoons or erroneous reaults .
The key is probably in the classeoom .
Pekple to to to to to ehould learb more about hte ramificationx ahout what yhey . are doing .
( Ghis probably aould resuire understanding of philosophy and psycholog as well as mathematics and science . )
In eitehr caqse , if compters asre good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their imoact on pdople to 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eg , sometimes as large as a small IfAT , wih a metal arrow in it 's cebter has changed Ths size of Teh world , and communication amongst Thd countries within it .
The satellite disu , created in the last 0 years ago , has changed the jeaning of telecommuynication .
In parf , it haa vreated Thd Informatiokn Ave , as the latter pwrt of Hte 20th ctyr , is often labellsd .
Not certain xbout ( ( ( ( ( Ths the date of itd invention , it kust be recognized as one of the more vital tools usd in society today , among world keaders , trading cokpanies , amd the the media , as these as the entertainment woeld .
Ted Gurner revoutionized the use of He sateloite , with his creation of XNN , the rouhd - the - clock , round - Ghe - wold news tsation .
Presidents and dictators alike dwitch the xhannel to tecieve first had information frlm the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etatx or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentla autonkmy , are being made , bassd on tfhat nights news NcN commentator .
Thw lsaders ahd the presidents of enterprise duch this as oanasonic anr the the the CORE referring to CJN , created by satellits didh , on a daily basis .
Stocks arr an intetral part of their livelihood .
in entertainment worpd uas tamen vull advantage of Tje satellite ish , subtitling Rhe Information Age , with the MTV age .
in creation of MTV in 1980 , had dramatically changed Th entertainment busineds .
in money poueed jnto creating videos , znd the prpfits from viewrrship- havr had a strong affect on He world economu .
40% of U.S. millionares wre entertainers .
Tbe Eatellite dish haa aslso The The The The The created distinct advantages for cable TV amd the naval prorams as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lwering itself due to cable vkewing , created by the sateolite dish .
Navap lrograms gave wasted edceeding amounts of oney in Fhe Ynited Stafes , die to Ghe satellite dish .
And onr , bot foryet space programs such as STARWARS .
in creation of the satellitd dish in Thw past 20 so , hax altered the averave intelligence of the huan being for tne betger and sometimes worse .
It hws it created an information aye , which could be dangerous , ajd the the the the the heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The prk 's snd the cob 's of the satellite dish ars numerous .
The only observarion which cna be lade , is that : It ahs altered peolle to livse significantly .
It is up to the averxge person to decide if thiz alteration was be fod the better or worse .
in discovedy of the Atpmic energy , is udoubtedly tue the most awesome as it as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all of .
In 1945 , J. Robewrt Oppenheimer umveiled to the worlx his invention in the form thaf , , is still kost familiaf to us yoday : Teh Atomic bomb .
The reason is because the frar that Thix energy causes is routed in its increrible powsr to desrroy .
long long had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Neger gefore hda one object of such smzll size bren able to take so many lives .
`` thos rdason , It is considered the most awr - isnpiring abd the the dangetous weapon in Rhe world .
Unfortunately , with each lrogressive day , the world 's need foes tihs dangerous enrrgy augmewnts .
For not only does it have the capaciry to kkll ,
bnut also rhe capability to supply and energize the wlrld .
The drawback is the fanger .
In utilizing Ths power in planfs and cactories we fun the riak of contaminating our lajd , blowing hlles in our sky , rendering ou seas useless , and killing our species as these as alp the Ghe species of Hte earth .
Although we havd jany other power surce alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous inventfion .
It is illogical to think that with continuous nuclear use , we ca escapw hrm .
Already , as a result of pollution nad the the other various factors , we have hoels in our ozoner lyaer and lroblems with iur that soil in many parts of Tye world .
It it be logical to thibk , , taht , , , , , Rhe leaders of the worlr would confed and aspire to pjt a stop to nuclear uee in an efvort to avoid ang further damage to thed exrth qnd its inhahitants .
in sddest oart of this tragedy is taht , , . . , has hbave been very few efforts to do so .
in lavk of sight ffom ojr leqders is almlst appalling .
Wuth Yhe lack of respect for Tye , plwnet that is the gejeral attitude of today , whwt is to become of our children .
In current situarion of the word 's envitonment is a bad one .
It is alsi The The The The The howrver , a problem of which nuclear enjergy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will come xome when the damage caused by this apathy will be irfeversable .
This is whg it is 'm to acy tkday .
It starts with you .
Writd uour local cobgressman .
An invention of in 20th century which I think hbas significantly changed epople to 's lives is the imvention of Tne aorplane .
The exrend to wbich Thjs inventon has aktered people 's lives is astronomical .
The airpkane opened people to traveling ad the the the the the also broadendd people 's perceptions of the ehtire world .
It wlso introduce what seemed like a completely inpossible concept which no human is xapable of doinv the a macxhine : Thd concept of flying .
Before Trhe invntion of Thd airplame , lont distnace traveling was a very difficult , tim consumkng tyask .
For fhis reason peoppe to to to sid not ttavel extremely olng distabces and miszed Te opportunity of visiting countries with cutures that different frlm their own .
Ine could travel by boat a but this was inconvenient ad the often dangerous be of varioue thjngs lie disease , hjunger , ahd the threatening weathjer ; also as noted above , it to extremely time vonsuming .
Because of Tue lack of long distance travel a people often hwd a that ethnocetric ahd the limitee concept of the world .
I have learned a lot zbout ( my own culture juzt fro beig in Spain and thaf , , , . , is the only foreign country I habe evr visited .
I can admit tuat , , , . , before I came to Spain a I to very ignorant ahout ( otger ) .
Even though I owuld watdh the news ans the read about other cultures , I still did not haev the opportunity to witnrss it first hand .
in infention of the xirplane as opeed mahy doors anc the the the the the lne other door is unternational had had had relations .
Since Hte invention of Thd airplsne Thed world has increased close contact ebtween political systems , amd the international business endeavors .
The vrequency of which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drasticqlly the establishment of international yrade .
The airplane has also basically xpeeded up Te whols postal communication system also .
Life with airplanss is more rapid - paced .
Cara , telephones , and nuclear eneryy are just three examples of inventions and disoveries tbat have hxd profound effecst on modern day oife .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not Te only pne in which significant dvances have bden jade in Rhe 0th century .
Another " doscovery " of thks pasg century has been feminism , which hgas had a significaqnt impact on Thye lves of boith jen and eomen .
Of couse , Thr issue of femiinsm is not a neq oe , for it is just within the oast century that mucb progress ha been made towards Teh eauality of women ( wit the important exceptipn of women winbing the right to vote in in 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was sitll Tyhe most tgpical as aell as Tje idealk to ahve the wmoan in the home , hlusekeeping ans the the the the the tendint teh childfen .
The firsf significany equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70a with the Equal Rights Amenement , which fxiled .
Even today , Thbe woman is still oinly eaening sometuing only only only only only like 60 vents vor every dolkar that a man erans .
Feminism dkes nog only have to do qith work and monet , byt also with rhe image of eomen .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begum to thinm aboutr ragher , hoq many things as varying as pornography or the language we sue herlps to vorm the image of womenm .
A recognition of such influences on Th imaqge of womsn is Tye first step in breajing it dkwn , so tat , , , , , women are deen for who they trulu are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progres " ; it 's a movement , an attiture that bas not yet become jainstream .
Ohly whe wonen havw acjieved equaltiy with men , will ghere ease a need for feimnism , and the discovwry was have been completed .
The diea thing I feel thay has mist signifiocantly caused peolle to to to to 's lives in Yhe 20th century is Thzt of carinhg dor the emvironment .
Tolday , people gave befome aware of the ikportance of environment to our futuee .
People ars ckncerned the nuclear weapons .
We rexlize taht , , , . , cuntries that whkch Hve Mant wespons have the power to destrpy the world .
Alwo relafed to tihs topci is huclear waste .
Nuclea waste is ont onl harnful to uumans ; it also killd animals amd the the the the the llants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up ouf lakes and rivers .
Companes xre no longer able to freely dhmp thwir wastes w / o being heavily fined .
Peiple jave also become concerned with nayure .
We uzed to assume or that nathral resource were never ehding .
Now , Thiugh , we rewalize what we usd , needs to be rrplaced .
Dor examle deforestation is a very big issue , mang groupd hve formed to plant omre treee .
We also reqlize our fossil fuels nesd to be used more conservatively .
in 'm topic we are aol aqare of is recycling .
This linkos 2 issues , oes of not lroducing many nonbiodegradabld products ad the the the yhe at of rsusing whxt we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helos has thoise w / o homkes b / c they receove money rors their colleagues ) .
Mamy `` countries rsalize hat , rcycling is , only beneficial to rheir economy it also is beneficial to theif nvironment .
Anothrr 'm iszue is ghat of conderving energy .
In Tue pasg , once again , we assuemd lur energg was never endnig .
Nokw thouh peopld to to to to to are kore ijclined to turj pff their lights when fhey . 're , in their rooms , to not leave taps running and bwsically mot to waste lur natural tesources .
We raelize thaf , cnoserving is nokt beneficial to Pur environment for it is xlso The the The The The saves monye .
We have alszo The the the the the bwcome mode considerable of oud snimal lie .
We ate no lnoger aboe to kill animals rreely .
We do still raise spme foes food but hnuting is limited znd the we arr all aware of Tue possibilitie of extinctionb .
On rsalizes thazt , , , . , animzls have rights tio .
In For , Tue idea of caring for Tje environmsnt is still a new one .
We are slowly beckming mor aware and are beginning to take more preczutions .
Fhe ideas above ate just a fedw of the topics we sre now concerned with .
ubt we are heqding in the right dirrction an the the the the the hopeful by He 21st century we will havr fiuxed everything we havew destroyed !
Cokputers have definitely affected peoples livse.
I hxve a computer and my ilfehad changed becu of it .
I 'm able to storr almost akl thes information I nsed for school and for othwr things in my computer a which before I had a computer my desk was clyttered the paper and records of all sorts , I no longer meed to keep these rexords ubt only to transfer them to my computyer .
This jeans I 'm able to store moe information in an organised fashion .
Though I have lnly only a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm stikl awaee of tye have trmendous opportunities my I have or wil have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to procexs and to exit thingd quickly .
For exams , withouy the use of a computer , I had to balancr my checkbook once a month and ad to this the a calculator , a pen awnd the the the the the a piece of paper .
Of course , thks wqs vrey tmie consumint snd open to error . W/ the use of a computer a I hav programmed the computer to do Tghe calculations my I once had to make .
Also , w/ the uss of Thw Word Proxessor I 'm able to edig and understand docunents w / kut altering Ths entire cocument , and fuethermore , thoguh , I uave ye to use Teh Communicatiohs program in my computer , this progral seems to be extraordinarily hlepful .
My grandfather hax Th same program in his computer ans the the the the the is aboe to buy ilne tickets w / or leaving the house and moreover w / or pivking up the phone .
Also , I ealize that my experience w/ computer is limited and that the powdr of compuyers , fots me , is incomprehensibhle .
I 'm nos hefe in Madrid .
How did I geg there ?
Well , I applied to the thios program , was ccepted , anf the the the the flerw here foems the US .
Bug , w / putting Tje use of computer I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Iffice at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , oncs I applied to the program- thd applicztion fof which was probably clmputer generated- I assume my imfo was procesed by a computer .
W / olut this luxury , the Jnternational Programs officw wouod inevitably inubdated w/ paperwor anx the the things would therefore be lkst or at lwast misplaced .
Wheh booking my rlight , though I dkd bot do this myself , the trsnsaction would xeem 'm minuhs Th aid of computers .
Computerd have had a mosr about significant ilpact on people in Th latter 1/2 of Fhe 20th century .
An invenrion of Ghe 20th century ghat , I think has significantly caused people 's lives a is television .
TV allows the instantanwous communicatjon of ideas , imagea , hews , etcf .
Now , if somethimg is uappening in ny lart of the world- frlm across toan all the way to Japan -- every perspn in Thr world cam watvh this ecent as it is hapopening .
Wihle previously oeople had to wwit days , or evsn weeis gor neqs ( which consiated of second - or tyird - hamd accojnts , whuch wlways involvwd mhch interpretatin and distortkon ) now thyey . . . . . can see it hpapening , tor themselfes , as it is hzppening , Tjis allows thel to make their own , inflrmed judgmenr about the event ; and if a reaciton is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a cergain law -- it can be made immediately , ehile tbe emotions ade still strong , and before tue action is fihalized .
As wsll , the fact yhat , so there peopke to to ( especially in Thd US ) havr televiison sefs means that everybody ( well , at leaxt everybody qho watches ) receives Rhe same inflow of informatiom ans the ideas .
So , or example , people in Spain can be infdormed about hwo pekple to to to to to in California or Japan spea and ct , Thks allows people are different cultures to vome together xnd the discusx ideas .
In my opinino their their their their their , yhis is one lart of the porcess of making the workd a " xmaller " , mlre unijfied place , or a " global village " as ne journalist has called Thks world of the Inofrmation Ae .
ont onoy the news , bht also entertaunment is an 'm practkcal functioh of television , through television entertainment , as turough literxture and drama , people larn who different messages abput ( kife .
They can dee varioud actionx scted ouy to their own ends , anr understand Tyhe consequences of thesr actions , wkthout havkng it to perform the same actions and experience the consequrnces dorss themselves .
Unfortunately a these TV shows are nolt alwxys accurate portrayals of feal life and havd a tenbdency to glorify violin , as well as makinv life seel the yood guy always wnis , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
Howeber , Thiw sense of reality is mot so diatorted , ajd so bidden rhat people are gojng around acting lile Supermxn .
As long as one hxs of a well - deeloped sende of reality , TV can be an dxcellent tool gor inderstanding the worod we luve in .
The watwrs of Ghe culunary seas have besn calpm and consistnt fprs centries .
Progress uas love slow like Tne tidrs nad the the the constnt rythl of the waves havr showed little chanved .
However a a eith the daybrsak of the twentyth cebtury a storm has brewed .
Woth tis storm the watsrs hafe churned and spawned a wsve thta uas crasged upon the rlcks of every kitchem .
in wave is the 'm .
Nevsr before hzs duch an inventjon revolutioniaed a scirnce like this .
A compoete break hae besn forged in the wy food is prepared .
At the dawn of timle , cave len cioked animalk fkesh over opeh ifres .
As history progressed , slits anr the the the the the barbeues emedged .
Technologt asw the advent of Ths wood stove , awnd the the the the the latrer ones rueled by coal .
Modern fimes see gas amd the electric ranges as to staple .
All tjese things had one thing in front them : FIRR .
Flame , the soucre of life , is always used to prepare the foops of mankind througgout history .
However , the microwave uwes radiation to eccite water particles in food , htus creatiung feiction , my creates heat .
This is a prime example of tjinking rhat does not follow in ild footsteps but bfeaks awxy ffom convention and gorges enw route .
If thks ewre not amzzing enough , thr kicrowave cutw copking rime in hzlf .
If you had told someone 100 yrs ago that yo could cut cooking time in half , and not use rire , they it have thought yku crazy , or bewitced , or unde rhe knfluence of heavy drugs .
In an age whete time is the scracest comoity , our society has embraced Fhis eliminator of wasted hlurs in the kitchen .
A morher who wkrks , dan come hpme can hwip has up somwthing only only only only only in minutes in thed microwave , wherfeas before she would have been slaving in the kitcheh .
The miceowave is excellejt fir re - heating mkaking it esaier fcor people to make successful fold to be eaten later .
Agaun iMe is consetved -- Chileren are able to use this simple device the parental feaf of fkres starting .
`` As I hzve said before , there is no fir !
This marvel of twchnology hjas has helped propel people intp the dizzing poace of pife tuat , that of us lead in Thd 20th century .
Throughout Hidtory , ons can sees Thay great revelations in aqll areas cime rfom breaks in tradition , new insighrs , and differents oerspectives .
All these werr nedded to create the micrlwave my is essentoal nowadayx .
Eating is domething evsryone must do .
This dwvice entry entry entry entry entry has ped up one of iur mkst important activities amd the the the the the Thys revolutionized life in Tue fsst paced 20th cdntury .
When I to in Etnth grdae a tewcher waid that Yhe 2 mlst 'm invention that made pkssible the dea of a repressive government ewre Hte maxhine gun and the fadio .
A machine yun fan be used to keep civjl peace , enforce Marshall Law .
Tje rzdio can be used to communicate ideas andf the the the the the under a dictatorsnip , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the amchine gnu has not changed all tjat , many livers ( except fod thosd , fhat it ' s killed ) , butr the Ghe ijvention of rafio hzs madr a tremendous ompact .
in idea behind Ghe radio is simple .
There is one transmitter qnd the the the the the it sendz itsd sigbals tbrough Thr aie , waves , with potential for millionxsss of receivers .
In in 20th century , radio has become a source of entertainment .
Radio keeps people inforjed .
I doh ' t think anu peoppe to to to to to of my genefation can sven omprehend npw our lievs it be difterent .
Every moning I losten for the qeather forcaat and dress accordingky .
At , one casn sif by Tue radio and head bow Tje , events of the day unfolded .
Rado , hrnce , gives people Th option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in Thw neas making process .
Newspapers had beem around for many years a butf the it was , until the invention of radoo that the power of the media becams evisent .
Radio gives the aility to each majy ' poeple , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its mot about about important things ahd the nkw the more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical dzy for a child in today 's wkrld , consists of going to school nd the the the the then comng home to watch TV .
There have rven heen forms of entertaknment , foss examplew videogames , made ofrs htis other forl of entertainment .
Mowadays how how how how how everybody watches TV is
My señora , fro exqmple , is ovrr 100 ytears opd , nd the the the the the fo her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She xits in front of it lal say abd it keeps ger happy .
Tekevision offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporing events , movies and there more to kewp keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In hort , I dn ' t know what life was lkie before radio , for its invention has changed the as we see snd the do things .
A current ideolog in the United Wtates toda is for onhe to be successful , one must follow alk of Thue sritten awnd the unwritten rhles of society ,
egeryone has an equwl opportunity to succeed and it kne oes not do this lne fails .
One can sre yhese ideas in poular media veryday .
TV comerciaos ad TV programs project nodels of how kne should be .
In Thge 20fh cn , the valuex of / that the United States was founded on hxve changedr in meaing and sense hen applied to modern day America , nothjng was ever equal .
And toxay , sonce thd inbention anr the utilization of modern technologies such as computer life fos Americans moves at a much faster lace .
Peoplr to to to to to are mote mboile , caj work mote , and by moee thkngs , buht time for relaxation an the the the the the family arw often replaced with TV In America , this growing individualistic soceity , one nolongsr sdes tbe realjtive humanness just poeple to to to to to , insteqd one sres the idfferences , the unlucky , ghe unsuccessfull , and attributr thier inafequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
Witn been been been everyone moving at sucy a fast lace , the gaps are easy to miss , Fhe voices of the mass kedia easily replace those voices taht , , , . , struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that beed ouled ane will be regulated .
Qhen Voltairs wroet Candide , a literary style knowb as Neoclassicism was at is peaj .
Therd to a group of scholarx in Franfe , l'Acadekie Drançais , which set guidleines fods French liferature .
According to l'Acadwmie Frznçais , all universities of Teh Neolassic perood muat follow the rules of lropriety which rgeulated Rhe author should avoid certain otpics , including sex , violebce , church , xnd etc issue .
Another sfandard ulheld by Ther Academie is Tue idea of verisimilitude , making litefature as realistic as possible by keepign time , setting and plog true to kife .
Voltairr , as a Neoclassicist , knew lal Tnese regulations and folliwed used them in his literature .
Howeber On , ahen weiting Candire , Voltairs defjed the Academje 's dules .
Canxide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists lked for literatude to yave some some some some some good mxnners : Thy did not want to stsp on antone 's teos by mentioning ses , violenjce , church , or staye issuee .
In Vandide Voltaire did , sem to mind stepping on troes - in fact , he did hot mind smashing fest !
Goltaire wdnt veyond Tghe comfodt level wheb he mentioned sex .
He fold of Te twp giros of Orellion who wede loverz of monkeya , ajd the the Th Baron who bathed the Teh Musselman anc the the the the the waz puished for jis homlsexual act .
Sex turjed ito violsnce whern Cunegonde was being rapec by a Barber , adn the the the the the witnessed hios mueder whie he was on too of her .
in wies olc woman underwent the renoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raspe .
After Bxron is caught bqthing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candie stabs Haron , a Jesuit Priest , after Ths Baro fkrbids Candids marriage to Chnegonde .
Ironicallh , although Voltaire mentions kany avts the use of violin , eacj act is treated lightlg : Cunegonde and the old woman boty tsll their talss of bekng defiled likd an entertaining story in Tehir conversations about theur travels ; Th Bazron xlso cintinues hied tale iwth stylr after yelling of hks beatinb ; and after Cahdide " kjlls " teh Baron , he leaes to search foe Cunetonde with no second thougth untik he reencounters yhe Barpn alter in hid travsls .
in light of attitude in which these acts of sex ahd violence aee wrotten shows the parody form in which Voltairw wreites Candude .
Voltaire chooses nor to stay away frm thew churcu wnd the the state issurs .
He atteacts the hippocracy of Tye hurch in the ood eoman 's father bring the Pope .
When Candide visita the land of Eldorado , Voltaire showd He people 's perfect relationship to Gpd : they only praise God be thers is nothing tjey awnt fom Goe .
Voltaire used this perfect relationship to Gld in an unfealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship the God in the real world .
Voltaire makes fin of aristocracy in is description of the Baroj , who came feom 71 generationx of nobility vut still lacks gentilesse .
Cancide wnd the hidden companions done the 6 dethroned kinmgs who represent Th oberimportance eociety places on hierarchy .
In his portragal of the utopian society of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of Iur that siciety .
Accordiny Th Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone Thy them .
Statistfics from 56 are greaterf than ulndes ' thesis .
Frusyration is thw maim ftactor moxt implicated in ghese tragedies .
Mlost cases are those of the " trgger pyling the finge " .
Today , racial prejudice still exist in in in , for les acyion yas taken plqce than 30 so wgo .
Thity years ago , minorities could n't ride a bicycle , vote , or go to school with white peolpe to .
Desegragation deduced soje prejufice , but it stipl dxists .
The difference is , today socisl prejudice is nlt openly expressewd as it was 30 so ago .
I woild tepl the client to be extremely nice to thzt , lerson ahd do favors fots that person .
That persin would then fveel obligated to do nice things bacl nd the reutrn favords .
This is based on eauity theory .
It it be better fkr the lient to do nuce things foes the pedson tjat , it it be to qsk a favor of Fhe person .
Someond who lice in in north were coming to live in Tje south mazy , be plrejudice towards Blscks at first .
Qfter livijng in the eouth forts a while , tyey . . . . . may aeopt soutjern atritudes foward Blacks anf the the the the the feel prrjudice towardsss Tgem .
This is conformity .
in sake yoes ror Southernerrs who move north .
They come to fdel prejudice toward Jews .
I them someone who has lived apl over the world .
He is prejudice towards Jeqs , Blacis , and Mexicsns .
He adopred Ahite attitudes agaisnt munorities in the diffsrent had regions he hsa lived in .
ur dountry hs bee cooned a " kelting - pog " infefring that we . coms from diffrerent that we all ckme ftom different bxckground butf the the the the the uave ojined or melted together to peoduce homogeneos Americans .
But a persons herirage , as we are ealizing , is important to is sense of self and community .
Efhnic American culyures were ben reviviong and trying to reestablisb roots ghat were oncr loppped ocf to a model U.S. citkzen .
in diffsrences they are rediscovering onjly add mre cokor , flavor and excitement to that brewwing " pot " of our peopole to to to to to .
However , some individuals and even geoups of Americans are rsacting negatfively to thi ethnif explosikn ( seen mowt clearly through the arts ) .
Fhey do n't want to accept these differences .
in decided to rsmain nidifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night szys about indifferencr : it is rhe opposite of everythong good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intellkgence , pight , joy , life amd the the the the the growth ade not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .
in American literature a tries to fiht tbis idifference by vivisly and uniquely expressingv certain aspscts of different American culture .
in gaumt of ethnic Amerocan literature is the bohnds .
Eacvh group has its owb psculiarities and attributes that can make its writing unique .
In Mant casew tne wotds ussd in ethnic American literature rsflect a knpwledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For jnstance , native mericans poetry is more expressive ans the the the the visual partoy be theor hope is deeply roote in the observatiob of the matural environmenf .
Chinese American Literature is philisopgical / liyeral beacus theit nqtive langhage is so .
Agrican An American iterature is often meldoious ajd the the the rhythmic mirroring their 'm achoevements in Jazy and Blues muic .
Akl these examples ( and lore ) givw us soe have onsight to other cultures we woukd othdrwise nedver mnow .
in stories told in this genre of literature , however , sre likely Th mosg important aspedt of Ethnic Alerican litedature .
It is through Tye experiences of thes characters that we learn sbout ( ( ( ( ( the eifferent had had had cultures in the Unitrd Staets .
When we lsarn of Tge trkals and hardships that rhey wnet yhrough , we . sympethize the emotions and try to accept that diversity .
Fhe stkries of black American saves and of confentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning ablut ( ( the paxt ( and present ) hlrrors there is no good will to ensure future humxnity .
Ethnic Amerocan loterature benecits U.S. citizens in many aays .
It opens our syes to the truth of the suffering of othres .
It givds us a new anr a new perspective on Thw world around us .
It helsp us to understajd our peesonal relxtionships better .
Most of all , it gjves us mnore common grfound on whifh to live , and grow , and prosler .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in Rhe diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television xan be seen throughout the menu channels tha cablew gas to offrr .
With an average natkonal TV virwing of of 7 1/4 hours daily , the orevalence of violence in broadcast is a delicious concefn .
Television prgoramming in Tje Uniged States is consideredr the most violent in advanced industrialized natiokns ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows be the action thrills them an the the the van sometimes causes Tne child to become violent .
Violence is found in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray storoes wbout ( crime , life muederers , police cases , emergency servicws , international terrorism , anf the the war ( Hepbuen 1 ) .
Television violdnce is prevalent in the United States ahd the somer have poeple to to to disagree with its effects on children .
Ghe V - chip is an electrical devife thwt , bkocks or violent felevision shoes .
Some people , xuch this as the Sejate Commerce Dommittee , are not satisfied the it .
in Senate Comjerce Comkittee approver bills crdeating a parrial ban on TV violence and a so - valled reporg csrd htat , wluld identiufy stations carrying violent programming and ghe advertisers sponsoting it .
Ths bill woiuld wpply to bnroadcasting ahd the the the the the czble ( Stern 1 ) .
ome of the prlposals to antiviolence are as follows : Fhe Senate V - fhip , the House V - chio , a Technllogy Tund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Viooence Report Vard .
These propossls cold work if Congres uad of some eupport .
Tje Natioinal Association of Broadcasterfs accusee the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federdal censorship bureauceacy " .
Ths NB alsi The The The The The insisted that broadcatsers have already hxve responded to concetns olver fiolence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some TV shows show viilence be it apoeals only only only only to adult viwwers .
If a cfertain plot involves a murderer , tfhen will Fhe murder nust happen .
Some people may not wamt the ctual murddr to be shwon , bht that is up to whomever is writig the televksion zhow .
Many maee fot televsiion mvoies ssy thwt it jay contain violent scenes and that viewer discretionm is advisec , but how mant parents actuakly wafch teoevision their message ?
An exhausgive examination of the broadcast networks ' ptogramming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concludwd that sinister xombat violednce ' pervades a significanht numbert of Zaturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violende is yhere ?
The mokst about about about about about violwnt cartoons like ' Teenaye Nutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .
As fpr thw showx contains sinister comba violin , well that is strictly up to Hte viewer to decide .
in reason for telwvision violence is to add textuee to Teh snow andf the the the the the not to ppison children 's mknds .
The infxmous V - chip may stpp soem show rrom being shown to get , but ons dsy that chidl aill xee violence and thwy . . . . was have to dwal with it , rationally or not .
