It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if only one person has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger a I used to think yhat , I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I like to study Psycholgy because one day I will open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study on it and a or more , but I found that if you have a sujbect well well well well well , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my news , maybe not .
I hope that public transport will always be used in the future .
Tyhe rich people will buy a car , but the pekple to to to to to always nesd to go by bus or taxi .
I consider that it is rather convenient to drive a car , because yoj carry on more things in their own car than travelling by car .
where , you 'll meet friendly people , usually ask them something to be friends and give them your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a , , I used to use the bus to go to school snd the then then go back to my house .
In my opihion their , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in Tbe street , in Thailand , moment you realize the what of a public stop .
In India a we hsve various types of public transport , like bicycles , bikes , caxr , trains & flights .
Depending on the distance amd the the durarion I I get to the desired place , a mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
Bjt Generally speaking , travelling by far is much more fun when compared with other options of travelling .
using / / it reminds me of a trip that I have recently went to another like a place is Avra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We jave stopped at hotels fods having food and juice in case if any of us felt hungry , we hage purchased some snack juice before hte trip .
Since we have the option to wait whenever we want to do so , we travel by car ( which is impossible hwen will will will will will travel by train & flight ) .
In addition to it , we can take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
For For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is mcuh `` more convenient .
I live in Sarwh .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer . .
I love children , anx the I enjoy looking into them . xlso The , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing .
I ohpe that you give me the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing it .
Volleyball is a sport played every place , I travel on days because I 'll play with my sister in the sand and aftrs again again again again we will go to Hte sea .
It is that funny .
During a time when I was young , I liked playing the ball in Teh playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goal as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are yuo ? I 'm writing to reach you for some advice on traveling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country ther ar a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevolla , Vzlencia .
in are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit `` For example a in Madrid you visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Kas Cibelesd " .
I visited Madrid today .
All summer I visit Sevilla because I like this city , , so I suggest that youy visit Sevilla .
On Tue other hand , in my country , there are a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
Bur so so so so so , if you 've it I 'll rent a job from you .
My best friend is looking for a person responsible for looking after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should have her every weekend .
Can I be interested in this job ?
Thank you ! you e - mail , it was wonderful to heaf ylu .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will remain so in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better allocayion in mass transport system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating or running their own website .
Bur so so so so so it can be a cheap way of going to their destination , especially if it is so much earlier than the are home .
For example , I think tgat , it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane trip to another country .
Instead a it it be common to use an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my way , I think thar , , public transport in futhres today today today today is going to continue to be used because there afe a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car except if it is used , so public transport continue to have convenience but peopoe to are going to use mofe the cars then bus or underground .
If we go aboug ( ( ( ( ( it , Yhe , is better be we do n't need to wait for them if we are wait for the telephone or underground ) but in another way a a car costs much more money than transport .
By car we can just talk with ourselves which cab would be good because we can listen to Yhe music that we like and we do n't need to be around people who afe unkwoned us , but if we choose do , we can can help friends or family so although trasnportatikns , are good aqnd the dars do n't need necessarialy to end up eith the public transpkrt .
If I had to choose both an the or both , I think I probably choose car because it is better frsssss me to go by car then to go by gas .
In my community , we ard very interested in the environment an the the ecological people .
We have solar panels xnd the then you can to lake compost at the las gaeden , with worms who eat and dwgrade all Ghe 's waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special ttashcans to sepafate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans adn the the pet bottlrs and has also make talks and presentations about Teh earth problems such as global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all these things is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives hax msde us all over Tbe years into a recognised ecolohical community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share abiut ( ( ( ( ( It is my favorite fan .
My favourite sport is going , so why am I doing so recently ? It is an international sport , people from around the world will love it so there is like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premidr , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I brlieve any any any any none that will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , Hey they are brilliant , they havr amazing football players , and Tney is awesome .
Michaeo to a little kid when he had a dream that was : be a super hrro on !
After many years he gave him the right to become a super hero .
He entered the industry of medicine . He thought that this profession was more similar to being a super hero .
After some years of university and he met a girl called Katd and he got loved on here and she got loved by him .
Kate is to study at the university of Tokyo .
Then the two stayed to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day that Michael said to hem dream to be a super hero , Kate yet so nervous saying that it to be ridiculous and juhst - - - - a kid 's dream and that Michael to not drwaming , but hat , it would never happen adn the tyat , super hero do n't ecist .
When she said too much , Michael started to cry anf the Then she got to saying that she was lyin after after after after after and she n't hsve heart .
He got so maf that he asked Ber to get out of gis away .
In the following a awhile , she said sorry and / , , it was jappy - again .
really so so when they get to reach Mihcael they are at it again and Michael gets a knife and kills her again .
He cried with a lot blood aroubd the ( the ( the .
Michael got away from him .
Michael closed in , and knew at in turn he had made a mistake .
live transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings mountains of benefits in our time .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is mlre convenient by using transportation , however , it causes ore damage to our life and harms our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our health , and our offspring .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , Tqipei , we always stocked in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I . . do not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
A car is a thing that had enemies , but it brings some humans also .
Fr exampoe , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
Since global warming is a threat to our environment ajd the harms our daily life .
we . xee that there ar been serious and frequently weather disasers happened happened that happened in decades , such as typhoons , earthquake , wild fire xnd the mud skide .
What other precautiins are usually taken ?
The NG Ogfice is notified by the phitographer Ehen Thr rilm was shipped .
If the notice does n't arrive on time , it comes immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process was started right away
The pleasure of travelling
day to go , people stop .
Every time a lots of people travel abroad , but , what 's the reason why to do an international trave trip trip trip trip trip ?
The mosy about about about about about the most important option to travel is by Lang or by plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's Ghe faster option , yu must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If ypu rae lkooking are comfortable and relaxing , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There were a variety of things to do during the trip .
Although , the better option is taking a train .
There is n't no on watching the changes in Tne landscape outside a window , enjoying the wau with with with with work that you are doing ans the the , the because part , Tje cheapest way to get away some days and leave the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter which will you go .
The pleasure of traveling is travel at all .
Transoortation is one of Fhe most important things in life , so we have many kinds of transportatioh . now we travel by car , but in the near future it will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel like fast trains and planes that can transport Yku Crom Koreans to south in less than hour thos will make business msn happy and comfort because of saving a lkt of times and efforts so we hope that the govertnment can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern society , thee are lots of friends around us in our daily lives .
A big project could not be finished without co - iperations .
friends could be able to communicate and exchange ideas , feelings adn the the funny thingx happened happened happened happened happened happened to others us ourselves .
This is important important importantly , the parengs give our lives and they give us knowledge and skills or the ability to live in this world .
In tuis of , families play important roles in daily lives .
A call goes as follows .
got of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to our own experience .
`` example , we could learn bows to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn ( to make them ) because they come from parents .
Secondly , the families could give gou some advice about how to do with the people who cause them trouble .
If difficulties were told to the families , the ideas would come up on entries and communicate the you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this family are the because about important friends in our lives
Computing Technology has been advancing very much these recent years , making the old computers almost hard , getting bigger and making the differences between old and new computers grow even more with every hewing development .
As we notice , old and new computers are vastly dfiferent had , starting with the size of the comouters , old computers were mich bigger than Nsw high high high high high clmputers high .
day computers once used to occupy one entire room , but now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable computer in your , and take it with ou you to every place you visit .
watching watching The computer often lets you do math tasks , or even play simple games the 2 colors ( green and nlack are are ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , warch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve ths Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , bjt thouswnd of them .
One of the greatest achievements of modern computing , is the interest , which yuou . connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . Ethernet , or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gdt rekt m8
I went to the abandoned house and started to find the best way to make his life miserable . I spent Tne next 2 weeks thinking for ideas to make him successful .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he lives at and started to talk for some information about his life and found people who he talked about so as I continued to go to his home I realized he would go to Gehe , same house so i decodec to follow hkm to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finlaly gota an idea , i would dtive him crazy just as he di with me , that way sh will thnik he had probleks on his mind and lect uim , but son i thougt about it again ajd realized that if i did that she will tryg to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both frazy almst at the botder of ceath , jus as he dis wih me !
now a wait a minute . am I really so angry about making this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind , so I did , had no longer had control over my avtions still still still still still , I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I coul my my on my own , not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him sufferihg witj a slow death and the satizaction i wouldx feel whnen i finhally had my revange , the best revange .
But I got so mad at him ajd the the so ansiouns the that to make my life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for zll of the scary I had been through became bigger and bigger , I had made a decision I wanted to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his ljfe tourtoring me adn not wantinf me to be happy i wuold the time is nesesary forf him to ahve a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
I do not disagree with this idea completely .
On the one hand , a trip by car is really much mofe convenient as it has a chance for you to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I bornt to be a football player .
`` me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television a I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Prrmier Ldague , Lugue 1 or Luga BBVA .
My favourite cluibs were Benfica an the Deal Maddid , where Ronalfo plays , for me he is Tfhe best player in Fhe world , that is why Ronaldo won in Gold bqll of 2014 .
I played football for a Portuguese club called vapenciano aznd the we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in Footbapl and winning the main championship , the Uefa Chajpions League , The best scorer of all the tike in Uefa Chamlpions Keague is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite plager .
I pay for football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my dad .
His dream is to become the next captain of a bi team and win some money .
My name is Jobny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technolkgy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in talking after watching them playing with chicken .
I like personality with character , so I like children .
I hac it taken of holdinv basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities so so as to keep in this competition alive .
Thy enjoyed Fhe game .
I also like to talk .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworkinv .
I am always similar to pelple to .
I really did want to het this job .
I want to play the children and see their simle still all day .
I think that a smile is the best igft ever ever in this world .
I am such a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thanks .
an now now it has been more used by people ahd the over Th years it is kinf more more more more of coming get more and alsi more should but some people prefer cars to an extent . we agrwe the with anr the what is our reasons for that ? That is what ade we other to demonstrate in Thiz essay
betore time time ( time ( about 40 years so there was nothing called public and people owned cars , so in years there was had a facility to love one from fun to another and that is bec there was no company to build cars . in about 10 years a car trading became viable and also became vry supported by having hsr own fans at yhe beginningb the faced a lot of prpblems but theyg were able to solve it by the end
Today all faciliyies of travelling are more convenient than are even trins anr the planes Some peolle to to prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper , but from another point of view a public transportation is very much cheaper and even faster by when it comes to traveljng a lot of people prefer riding their own acrs to feel thw real experience adn to enjoy more by chilling oit frok crowded places
a summary , it is different between some people 's opinions to others . I predivt that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , in the end a cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explains the difficulty of public transport in this country .
in There can can be , if we look into the ratas of the car companies ad the the exponential growth in their saleesss figure anr the the with low budget private n't the in picture , This has has changed in the past 10 years
Development of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment brought Tor biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it causes economic growth by opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GEP ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one it dods , , a rhing thing thing thing thing that should be taken care of by Fhe people and become of Tne town , is envitonment .
Global warmth is a huge issue in today 's fate .
Tovernment should take immense action to stop it or at , them if it slows down .
However a we peopls to to to have really important of making these things .
Active and a good government then Ghe value of taking care of trees and water nd the the guitar and mucj more to provide a fresh , clean and clean environment to people .
Recycling items can be a good step to putting up a clean and safe environment which is perfectly ad the promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to pkant a tree in front of or their home with the rule of province government .
People do not realize that cutting Tghe can reduce Thje production of oxggen in the atmosphere .
Eventually a humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Adritionally , the city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and for 18 years and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of a safe , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighboring cities to take part in cleaning up the environment so it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is going .
in our this or live football stadium I happened a lot of that day .
I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I ran 1 - 2 kilometers ahd the my legs got power and my body gained energy .
Our team has a hard - workint hard hard hard hard hard coach who gives professional advice to us about how to improve our work skills .
His main saying says that I must work and work very hard , if you want to score high results " .
I can them , that coach is an experienced person .
Nit so pong agok , we had a competition .
in first place as won by us .
We hsve achieved this result , because we are friendly and roganised .
I believe that a day I will be a famous football player in Korea , such as Smhatar or Dtnamo .
Footbxll is my me .
I want to giv some some some some some advice to someone I will will be starting this sport:"Yiu I I I I . I must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
now what 's up ?
How arr you ?
How 's your day now ?
It 's really nice read tour expressly the e - entry yesterday .
You regret that oyu , n't three while with me . I 'll dicribe entry entry entry entry everything precisely , be I know rhat , , , , , you 're bored
really Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I made no plans for this summer so I think it is a goor idea to write it .
I was born in the UK , so I 'd be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years earlier so I can speak with them in Spanish if it becomes necessary .
Also , I gave to a ballet course for 4 so when I was young .
It was a a while ago , however , I still have Tye rhthym in my body !
By the way , I remembered I had to create a training session to do with Tbe other hallet - courwe members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All the members congratulated me , as I did .
On addition of this , I ha takewn care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind guy Fynny pedson .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobbies would fkrsss me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature be I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer because of the shortage in demand .
Because , everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Beskdes now now now now now there are loss of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place that a best friend can help each or and each other .
In Taiwan , many people hve to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , if you can not survive , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your child .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my faimly It , I do n't trust men , true .
I like New Zealand be there are many kslands different different different different countries .
By the way , New Zealand has cold weather .
In Malaysia , the weather seems warmer than there .
That 's why I ask all of you to go there and eat daily pleasure and hzve a try their own food .
Uou as as well as can also buy a lot of gifts like kewy chakns , sushi , or what else memories to be memories before returning to Malaysia .
I cid my my my my I I do not have to go to New Zealand for believe me it is a very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of hou .
I love Lentin , a small city in Easat Sicily .
The black thing This is a project for Te environment .
Peoplw to to to to to collect any kind of rubbish adn the then then then then htrows it it it it all together in a black sack .
Although Trhe Council has begun to plan slmething , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Around the city , you 'll find majy `` `` `` `` `` places where Te peoppe to to to throw ftigos , kitchen , " amiano " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
in the suburbs of Lengini could be wonderful .
There are oranve trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and Tehy . . . . were very kind to me .
We played in a park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we lwugh 've ) some of ...
But when I was a teenager a I began to live in situations that I did not like . `` For instance , the girls said me bad things or tyey . . . . . talked bad about me .
In those years I have been , , for most of my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that was said to be one of the worst days of my life .
That night I cried because I found out that I have not made any friends .
However , my parents decided that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my ciusins . a went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
there , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I am with Thye . nwver [ [ talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is in mots I have to of my life .
He has evee been with me .
a , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
I have to travel arouhd ( the wlrld and to practise somr have sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts tgoo , , , , , .
To sum up , my because ? are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Life of people around Ths globe is becoming busier ajd the busier day by day .
life always requires using the fastest and most convenient means of using it . I am mqde about about about the transportation has behind mptor `` cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement `` a joh has been read by a suitable person person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this site because I enjoy traveling and I am a teacher , so I like working with such children .
I am sure that I look after children very well .
I 'd like to speak English fluently , so I thought up the idea aout ( ( ( ( ( if I did it in summer camps , I will improve my English .
On the other hand , I ould my teach Spanish to the children in in Dummer canps .
I am waiting for an answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a good English and Yhe students ate very friendly .
But I neee to study hard because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
, if I carry on studying license now , I will do it .
The leswons The are the are the ars the that are fun
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have sewn your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying .
I speak English and I am a loveoy , energetic and hardworking petson all all all all all besides I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I hvae ben working as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I jope or or or or or if you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
in A havr changed Thw peopld to 's lives a lot in The thing we can think is difference is our life respect either or our parents or our parents are an example I did n't watch on TV , because I wae n't seen tv on the world when they were comfortable it is n't the alohe difference : we can think at he mobilefone , the computer ed at peast the internet.our grandparents eoundn't imwgine a strange machinw like computer in their life .
Although Tbe fact that a personal vehicle like a car now is popular , in the future , Thew sense of public transport is strong . It 'll be very spicy .
For a long time , people used fossil fuel as an important source of energy for travelling , manufacturinhg , in source of energy does n't maintain at Rhe constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People find ways to use other energy sources such as nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro uses this kind of energy .
As a result , governments invest more in researching the benefits of Fhese economic problems of economy . Today today , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than using a personal car .
The use of servicss will be expanded to remote areas , it will be much more convenient .
Commuting , or travelling using public services will be the first priority choice .
In addition , the cost is increasing rapidly , in the near me , almost every city in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems be caused . , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some parts , such problems are led by the pver - usage of persinal vehicle .
Pelple to might realise that using their own car is just to use their car for driving during Christmas or to gradually kill themselves by breathing in a polluted atmosphere .
So the best way for people to travel is by public transport .
A person practice saving when using any source of energy to protect their own lives .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services travel ahve a graduate no worry that it 's safe in the future ca n't be comfortable
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free for the weekend , if you have any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite yiu to go with us .
If am 'm 'm , find me at 8 at clock near the cinema entrance .
Thanj you Helen for those wonderful presentd .
I always want to read these type of books .
I went to temple in the morning , followed by lunch at Thr hotel as late in the evening I went to Ghe beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing economies are facing political and economic instability , migrants were needed for education prospects and a comfortable environment for the younger generation to build up .
The effects of brain doing are tgat , , , , , it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributijg to the economy .
The cause of brain - drwin should be tackled at an international and national level on a broader basis aznd the the the rational , for it is a global problem .
In thks situation , developing nation should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastrucrure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There is n't feww have oxygen at Th on of Everest to them easily
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Evwrest is so high that it is very hard to climb .
The top was reached fprsss for the first time by twk by by by by by climbers in 1953 .
My me and I , we like some of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all everything .
Sometimes we go to Rhe parties in the city , I go to parties with my friends .
They listen to the music the song we are singing .
It 's that good .
Jason is my favorite , he is drunk and also dances to your girlfriend .
Jose is the because of singing and talking in the party .
Other persom all all all all all is Anyel , he does n't dance in at place .
He prefers study in your home .
Hello Sometbing .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I am currently in a secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example a there is a girl who is one of my friends . She is beautiful .
I love her look .
their eyes look like in the sun .
But she ignored me .
I hope I can one day learn if will on on .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to ride fast so fast in a long time , and it makes me feel as if I did it on Akr and Ghe . My feet do not hardly use any grammar , just the strides .
My favourite place to go is in Thai forest but I like to run sports too .
I likeing to glad the ground under my feet is soft so soft not He hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of Tye Stdeets .
I advice I give to anyone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to not to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running quickly by walking so that every weeks you can run a little more earlier and a little more faster and then afetr 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educafional , whether ylu are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If hou 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly hsve any educational value .
Although one could argue tat , , , . , you can always learn something .
A friend of mine once explained that if a zimbie apokalyspe An happened happened happened happened to happen , he would be prepared because he hax of been watching Walkinv since since since since Dear fos ' ' ' for some time now - so in his eyes , he learnt how ( not ) to acf the the what what in that case .
a I want to write about my job .
I 'm a foreigner biologst and I love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimilating and , even if it is not very remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
In Yhe In lasg In In In In In In In In In In Gew years a forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of result and less of required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast Ths changes happened .
television seems to be a controversial tool .
Herr now now now now now there is one thing : does television offer highly likely opportunities fofsssss an audience in an economical way ?
`` through my experience knowledge , I believew any any any any any television provides both entertaining abd the educational functions .
It notes how many educational programs broadened young children 's minds in the past so , how quickly an adult learn different topics from a great number of educational programs , such as cooking , science and technology .
It is also no educational programmes make a decision on whether cituzens from know in is sure and the knowledge our next generations wre required to possesw .
Apart from educational contents , there are so many foul content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be aboe ( ( ( ( ( to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe Tye speak programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults ad the young children .
I think qho , the best restaruant should where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
where we can eat typical Italian food .
The last of whom I was here at , I ate the best lizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea in fact Thr walls are decorated with a dancing anjd the the fhe the waiters axre drwssed like sailods : I think htat , , , . , it 's a great show !
Because of this , it 's a perfect tor kur class because there is a lot of space , so we . to akl together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind persom all all all all all and I 'm sure who he paid us a reasonable price .
No future firsssss public transport ?
live transport is Fhe cheaper way of travelling , so it has me .
Currently , mosxt about about about about people use their their own , or their car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollution of the Sith XO2 emission every year and contributes to climate change .
So , if peopple to were aware of this subject , n't use so much on their own . .
In addition , having a cat is very expensive .
get of all yhou need to afford to buy it , after that , you mst of pay for insurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in paid transport , you only have to pay for ticket , yoy do n't have to pay for ads for the bus or train or whatever vehicle hou use , because it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In this , I think public transport has a future , and Thr more people use it , the more convenience it has .
I 'm your employee , to serve at your company .
I am very pleased to be able to receive my salary payment .
But that is a little small .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students to complete summer homework , collecting homework diligently taught by an instructor , the instructor helped me , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but alao the help to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain qbout .
I work hard for Gwo Monhs because I pay a lot .
Just oyur that ( that ( that wage paid much lower than I expected , I want a little higher pay , payment of 300 yuan earlier than the previous wage bawis .
I ihvite you to consider me .
I think about things that Tje government has to hepp has has transport , for example bhs , train , metro and more , for Trhe only one reason : Ghe quality of understanding against pollution .
Traveoling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying fot the search for parkungs xnd the the cost cost of fueoss , and also makntenance them .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's a good return by people .
Instead a in Fhe smalk have have have have have cities , it ca n't be done in the same wxy with with with as as , because vors the companies it 's not inexpensive to invest money , because fewer peolle to want to use it .
Tim Sawyer was a byo that lived with his aunt Polly znd the she had to punish Tom because sometimes fom , n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he went to his friend Hck , whom they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a ticket for his ticket .
We saw a beautiful girl named Befky , so Tpm started talking to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissef Becky .
Tok said to her of another woman , so she got along to her and she gave her her Tom .
Tokyo was so sad because Becky did n't want to talk with him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared after weeks .
When Rom saw uis house , he snuck into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying fots him .
So the next day yesterday a the prople all of the town went to church to head off their funeral of Tom , because many people thought rhat , , , , , Tom to died for , , suddenly Tom who was the doctor that got in so everybody was so surprised to hear Tom .
The next thing Huck went to Tom 's house to tell the the the hum about about about about that there is an abandoned house up the hill , so the two went like an andventure .
So they went to Teh mysterious house and when Thdy . were inside they heard voices ; so Ton and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was Fhe one that was speaking .
The two boys heard that he was planning to make some money by killing people , so Tye bpys started using an but way way to stop Injuin Joe ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer the questions .
As regarding your questions , I think Ghat gou should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryoteik " and " izakaya " .
That is because you to improve your Japanese skills in them .
Recently , many South East Asians uave studied Japanese in Japan while working in Japan .
By improving their Japanese skill , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael opened the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house now , suddenly he left all the bathroom dry and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house an the cleaned all the bathroom , but Sarah already knwe that he let the bathroom lime this so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I them what you left there " anr the then Michael went running to Ghe bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My house is located in the centre of Teh city in Banaglore , Ondia .
My school has a unique reuptation for their friendliness and quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much be her teaching course is that realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
using / / this is an essay about my favourite sport , I have been swimming since I was a child . I always enjoy going and what is more , I like doing it alone , I never use to go swimming again and less in suymmer even even even even even , of course .
I do n't have friends , like swimming , almost like volleyball or similar teams either , ad the I always go alone as it is n't boring for me as Furthermore , I prefer other anyone because nobody bothers me or I haven't wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven a my best friend had been operated on her bavk and before the operation he slept with me ans the every night I hawd it it to wait for hyer because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her hair , I hated htat !
Luckily the operation was fine and am left to come with me , and since Tyat , , . , day I go for my day .
using is a relaxing exercise for me anr the the normal and there are n't no people in Ghe pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so there because they like disturbing me , but sometimes it is amusung roo .
I would recommend to people who do not know this to learn , be I am pretty sure that they like it and later they . stop sdwim they them .
I think that this is a way for have expression .
It 's not jusr - a hobgy , it 's more like this .
Sance is a passin , a type of life .
When I 'm drinking , I forget all my problems , except for my stupids friends that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or do something you are sow only only only only eomething only only only only only to Ths you , something thzt , 's important pors you .
If does is your passion , you practice every day , and you 'll 'll practise all rhe days until you can .
If ou are tired , n't worry , because yoh lile tuat , uou 're doing .
You 'll wake up early fofsss going to play guitar , or do dance classes .
Gou as as as as as do n't tell if you go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
Thag , 's a jome , you must sleep .
If you love dance , yoiu 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
a kove my family special my - sister , . I am twenty years old , I consider her my best friend because I used to like to tell her everything about my life .
I ave a name whose name 's Chente , She is a golden retriber .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how hard I am working .
My oldest sister 's name is cinthya , she is really eeird 've with me .
a relationship is good because she is so different to me .
Also a I havs a brother named Luis . I am twenty years older , his personality is funny and funny .
My mom and my daughter , they were a goog guys .
During time a I prefer pass my tie alone , I am working today , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kate Ashby ,
how ade you ? I hope you are well .
`` should in Pur cafe gou have to speak English as of course , teach them how to cook some type of sweet fish like cupcakes , cake , cokkee or broanies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing is that you must know how to dance when the people , so we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who could bring the customers good convenience and service .
We need sokeone have have have have to get ready for work on Thursday , because our cafe is going to open that day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future Korea will be in bad condition anmd the the trees will disappear , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years ' time a we will nave changed our anatomy , ; we will be eating cast food , on the otner that that that that our habd , the northern pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so there will people will die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology has advanced andx the maybe cars may be flying on streets anr the computers have totally changed .
Because of ths , we have to raise awareness of what is happening qnd the we help the planet .
Friendship is something that is important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime waithout ? friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is Tne most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You ahve to remember , Thbat , . . . ? We are not supposed to agree on a single thing .
Today . I just have to calm talk agout ( ( ( ( ( it .
If your relationship is real , yoiu was ; one point between your opinion and tour friend 's .
Juyst - so so , though , it wo n't stay on much !
Goodbye bye ,
My name is Fouad and I would have to talk about my favourite sports , Volleyball is one of the most beautiful xports still ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- make me fit and comfortable .
2- classy gake no are betweeb pkayers
3- it exercises xll the muscles of your body
Degarding the above , I advise all freshmen to start practising Htis spory an the they will get a bit .
, adults could practice it as well and they could at the same time .
As citizens of a village , we totally care abput ( ) the environment of our neighborhood .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooporation session where anyone can tteat , , , . , rubbish as good as fhey . . . . . treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep up rubbish then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From this , we make vags , hats and other things .
Then they can sell them and get at of it .
been created in haven anxs the the exrth , The creator of Sole , Thge Onw . Aho , makes earth rotzte its self and around the sun .
Why do we believe as Muskims thatr , , , , . . we have been created by one person , do n't havfe another just him , the one who created our father ( Adzm ) and created Ftom . Hil ( Eve ) ad the they were in the Paradise xnd the the the instrucyed to not eat the days but teh Satan deceive tnem so they borught to this ilfe and generations came froj them and had sent the prophet and kessengers ( Moses , Jwsus , Mohamed , others .. who they sorship tye same ne ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide tue people to know who who will follow the tgruth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow otber pathe qhich it will huide to the hell . so because of fhat we are hede to do the test in thiw short lide .
Transportation is at the heart of any industry , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer their own gehicles earlier than
had transportation . Nowadays folks are more crazy aboht ( ( ( ( ( my own vdhicles still still still still still tired of the dark future of public transportation
a . I came with Gifen statement that weather would be tough time for public transportation in the near soon . people want privaxy as well as freedom , which is usually impossible in had transportation .
Secondly , a Chinese route covers
as , this as impossible of city area or town which mismanaged route were travelled by public . a business member generally lives person person by person to travel by transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various nodes of an available
to competition the public translortation .
a have many options are travelling with a Korean private company
which plays an important role to giving touhh more competition to bovernments . As a result of this , consumers are given benefits like lower prices , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in trip trip In addition , many automobile companies launcung new cafe with affordable price in my customers the able to use more and more private vechle .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely Corgi dogs .
I met many peolle to in the pqrk .
I never thought aboug ( ( ( ( ( , people get so many pets .
During my time in the pari area area area , area is that busy even though Thw , park is there !
Today have have people are as friendly as their dogs .
But there are people that that are rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
this is Thailand , an important institution of social life .
Every member hav his own role and the person , whether is he or Te mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to hwve with life .
Usually there are generation problems , This do n't understand parents and other , but another after and listening to emotions and facts , when van hzve another point of view .
Pxrents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen to others ' points of views to ri - arrajge and update his knowledge .
A daughter or a daughter could be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone gives hs part in family duties .
Recently I saw a thriller part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch Tje first 3 movies before understand it .
The movies were amazing ! !
A It of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series had bee wanting this movie about science since the the first movie appeared , was in 2012 .
I do n't think hat , this movie is all that funny , because it is funny for little kids to understand , in my opinion I think it is more like a teen movie .
I thunk any any any any any pople to would like this movie be it 's very similar to the story of Thw book ; this is one of the first movie I I I 've 've that is based on the book , The theme is very unique and origiunal , also rhe actors in the first movies were perfect , adn I think that in tbe last movie , they will put double effort .
I really want you guys to choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see Thai lunch in part of of that !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I 'm home I feel I held on for late hours .
When I 've yad day day day day after day a very bad and sfressful day , I can relax by doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training akrate is a way to forget about your problems , to forget about your life .
In my opnion their , it 's very difficult to gain an advantage with others sports .
Apart from that , krate 's not just a sporr high high high high high , it is also a disciplijne , it teaches you respect , balance out the up .
A teacher showed us how we should behave and he taught us some of thimgs about Japanese culture .
for someone who starts Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just about not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can , .
Today 's topic is Technologyu .
Nowadays , we use technology in every thing , from education to making clothes , we use technology everywhere and everywhere .
A is always upgeading and it is very helpful , useful amd the important for development , but today , industry is so influebced by technology that they stopped doing activities .
Last year , my friend Michael came to this site , he heard aboug ( ( ( ( ( a short story competition , he liked the Diea , so he decided to cancel the competition .
but and was a fee in order to join in competition , he had no money . he has a lot of friends so they can keep each other together .
He phoned me and asked me to give him some money to register for the competition .
Tiok started the moeny the second day , he finished Rhe registration and started writing He story after a long time writing and did a good job he wrote it to guve some some some some some his story to the international student magazine office , he found out three months a notice on Te door say that the dompetition has canceled , he came abck vey sad and told me whay uappened .Michael lcosed the door and knew at yhat moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient in Japan , it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't understand any xbout ( ( ( ( ( the contmination in our planet .
Travelling by bjs is very stressful because and people puzh to to to to to me or I ca n't sit down because the three are n't any choice fosssss me .
On the one hand , in the future there will be a bus which has chair for everybody and I do n't havs it it it to stand up .
Another transport way is the raxi . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for on trip .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a bus so I 'm comfortable .
Njkais19
5 Mau
Dear Sir Dimara ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live at Patras a biv ) ciyy ) in Greece .
in my city akl the schools wnd the some walls of buildings are full of drawings adn the writing .
The vandalisme in Patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we sat next to somebody , we do not hear from the walls for ghey . . . . . do not hear us .
For our city it is very good because when new people visit Ptaras they see that trip .
Patras is a beautiful xity ) ) ) ) ) , for her culture , and for her monuments .
I call that an abaser ( thing ?
After we have this beautiful city , we havfe to maintain her .
In my opinion a the ploice all all all all should stop Ther vandalisme .
If it hace police all around Thne city , nobody will darr to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope yoy will do improve for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
All our ( teh ) pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to begin a new career as adults .
really so so so when is goes in - between periods , confused feelings enter their thoughts .
As a of , , after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
now will Theu will wilo will will willing will do in the future they see , like in a fpgg .
In this way , how of a year when just leaving school and starting studying studying education is that reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow such people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or elsven The years at school can be tiring , in spite of , . n't notice it .
Hut so so so so so choosing a second education is very important of my new serious attitude .
Secondly , taking a year off will give future students a chance to try themselves in new professional shear .
often and . would have an opportunity be involved in volunteer activities .
And thirdly , they might want to earn their own money or travel .
This year 's holiday would be really helpful for relaxation adn the gettin ) the power fosssss future education .
One of them is a very long period .
But a benefit to the year off will be obvious .
I love San Miguel Almoloyan , This is a village in Tfhe municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the Sfate of Mexjco , care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of tbis .
Peopl to to to to go to collect things of their hobbies and await Th trash truck thwt , takes the trash to a lamdfill located outside the village .
Alxo now now now now now , people go out to collect tbe , trash that is on the kiosk , the church or in the principzl places in the village .
Dear Sie ,
I am interesterd in in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information aboyt ( ( ( ( ( in English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the since I has been , and if it is possible I can hear exactly , because I need to use my vlights .
decided , I do n't live in Cori , so it would be great if you could tell me details of accommodation . I will you them on Thi website .
And alsl the this , fan yiu gave me an idea of how much it would be ( every dfferent had had had had had options ? .
It would be useful if I could livw who the other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before sitting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
watching faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at Bis watch and heard that he had to do sometying only only only only only soon , after listening to conversations of his new heighbours .
They were planning to rob a very precious ghing from a Museum yesterday .
He does n't have much to prove himself and he could , but wait to have it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save that town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about hos neighbours ' robbery plan .
Police reached a museum and caught robbers in the take .
I hope that there is no future for public an the using trains is mord convenient anr the the . The exercise also to decrease the poor . what what which caused the ozone , people should be aware about the cost of using Th public an the the using economics and environment , goveremwnts shall encarge the people to use he other ways for trsnsport , ghis subject shall be issuesd in qll media to learn and endrage thw peoole to use he wrigyh way for trdanspot .
Hello Estela !
ow aee yku ? I hipe or or or or will you are well .
I 'm writong here here here here here because I want tell you about my recent summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I was about to meet with in Tje , home with my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I went to been , I got rid of a lot of people .
One Friday , I visited Meanrdo del kelero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
Teh other day , I to at a lot amd the , along the way , we found a waterfall .
in Japan of waterfakl was Chorrituel .
It 's spectacular .
On my wedding night , I had a great time and I slept that late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with the other people .
However , when Tye went home , we had dinner in a gataje amd the then there to a party , all night .
You should visit La Hurdes , It is a beautiful site .
An now now now now now there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an inernational language which has become important to the modern world .
In Chuna , English is taken to be a foreign language which mamy should choose to learn .
Theu as began to study English at an early age .
They uss at least kne for an hour to learn English once a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
It 's a good one , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition , sme have have have have have pwople to to to learn with English is superior than Chinese .
In me opinjon their , though English is of great significance , but English is more all a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to see .
English does help us read English original works , but Chinese jelps us a little about China .
Only by characters in Chinese literature an the the newspaper iffs its rilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , is the first thing is learning its language .
Because we eat Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and lewrn who our culture through a foreign language ?
I to , last month , to a fantastic restaurant , Woolypoole .
It is small bug comfortable and comfortable for his bi burguers .
Woolypoolz is a special of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , a resturant should should should should should be better , with respect to meat , for it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I ave expected to be more famous , for the ad was the biggest .
The problem of this restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , It is very small for lots of peoppe to to to visit .
In this life we have many things tat , . make us happy ajd the the the make do that that lives go on .
`` example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from a best friend .
Once , I got sick and slept at general hospital , ans the my friend gave me a flower .
It 's my favourite site I have ever had .
In my town we organize a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty and to be attractive . The citizens in the fown must participate in this , Thw citizen should take the responsibility for specific day to clean the towb an the put the rubbish into the correct place anf clean tree ad plznt more of it .
I agree with Trhe opiniob that famous people , such as politicians aqnd the film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all Rhe time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time , you hage a life , not peace , not a happy life .
In all , all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless a a a a a in , Japanese men all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whom they stay , if they stay with something important or ahat , , , , ( too .
This is terrible , hou do not uave privacy even though society has a law of it , be if they do not take a photo , following the life of the famous Tye people .
So tgat , , , . . , politicians and film should support it , because then tehy . . . will havs to bewr it , as they then have the after with as they earn .
That is all .
In the morning .
now now are you ?
come here .
Ge started back down .
Gety came in to the room .
Get in to the Bhu then .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
let us sleep .
Let me in .
That has me going .
Let me take some photos .
Let me watch a tour entry .
Let me please send you in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring that toy .
bring glasses of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
stop snouting . do n't shout .
Let us bath .
Once upon a time a was one little ant called Pennh . It was small compared to the others .
He hzted it it it it it to be like that because most of the but made fruns out of hom until one day something horrible may may happen .
It 's a rainy night it is raining late , a . activd the the volcano explosiokn burird them go underground .
All of Tehm people tried to find a way ot more more more more more ! , but no one found one ... They started to panic !
People just startes to evacuayed immediately , it began by a big earthquake ...
He was so sad , the only thing he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn al of yhem go out , so they are safe until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness Rhe queen , but no one found soething only .
Like Ghey , they were very religious ants . they pried it for their sacxred ancestor so they could help them in the big days .
The only thing that they did know was thaxt , , , , , the whole of it was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The zctors had monitors that watch the ahts , but , but but not all the time .
One day a Penny discovered it abd the ( ( ) and went to take it to his queen , a queeb at knowing that if . bet it would be very confusing for at the same time she got lad up and she got revenge .
So has made a plan to djsplay : : : : all ...
The night when Thry . . we were about to start playing at they saw , saw no ants there so ghey . . . . . searching for Thdm . . . . , but they . n't find them ...
In that one of thes antsd and Penny attack them on their backs , laking them to leave the place .
The ants won the wr with with with with with andc the then then they lost their habitat to the sutdio .
No one attacks them again and they live happily ever years !
I hxve many favorite sports .
One of them is I have played basketball the best . I always spend more time playing it .
I usually play basketball every day for around at least thirty minutes per day .
Afte time time time time time on a hard day at university , I go hoje and then I go to the stadium to play it .
a thing I made sure , I already finished all of my did before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not only for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed anc the I unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit ahd the I have a gooe body shape .
I really cra it 've it it it .
really about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball night on television .
I often lpay basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I have it near a sports centre .
I go because I of but to have a sleep deeply earlier I finished it .
It is an outdoor industry .
That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , agricultueal land , foreigners ajd the expenses that that had been used be destroyed to build more construction and transpirt networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring manyg `` `` `` `` `` damage to the environment or even human ainmals only only only only .
To start with , and a wide rwnge of difficulties may have led to this happening too .
Convincing arguments can support rhat , , , , . The root cause is that almost all the present day icties currently currently currently currently currently are already pacjed with places of recently , industry and recreatio and , could available fordsssss new developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue destroying more wgricultures and forest in order to satisfty all their needs , which will fistory the ecosystem diversity and biodivedsity especially Th endangered species .
According to the problems abve mentioned , various approachess said that governmentshould should should should should should be adopted to deal with this problem , reducing building construction from now on , planting lore trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be asaness to all humans and start to porteat all all all all all the environment and preservd all all all animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before things get worse ang the the governments have to take responsibility for that .
Nowadays , Tye languages are very important , and mkre English .
This is not my first time writing ; I 'm am English .
I have been studying English since I was a child abd the I never apeak it and learn so well since I decided to go to London , course to learn this language .
I hazve taken this decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the what that I wanted to , so when I heard about Rhat , opportunity I said use it .
The car is n't Tue The The The The best way to go for and the . , be it causes pollution , however , transport is better to make a journey .
It can hold many people without no to .
Nowadays a in these countries ) have developed and there are many possibilities foressss the public an , like bus , train , subway , trams These options are more economical than the car , A problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied by a person , when the car is prepaeed for to carrg fojr or five people .
This situation creates a pollution fkrssss the environment a so we jave more conscience for the planet .
I did want to say sometyhing only only only only only abut ( ( ( ( ( the talk of the English language , which is hard to understand to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes taught , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
using , I want to complain about , it is very difficult to understand the conjuhtion of verbs in Spanish language , for me - hope you think the same thing but , in your native Japanese .
Second call . in the English syntaxis , the structure foesss the construction of paragraph or sentences , Fhe verb is written before the subtitles , but , always , which is Tge rule ?
Is there anyone ?
On the third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favorite team is India , I ca go to Ghis country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow chicken .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won their third world cup and that changed the direction of playing in favour of cricket and everyone came to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite man belong to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ranesh Tendulakar , known as little master .
Whenever I use this site , I always follow this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Indian always folllw always Scahin for cricket .
When he turned 18 , he played his first game for Indoa .
He is the first man to pass 200 tests .
He has many achievements like going the 200 in one set etc .
I love the wa with with with with that he played .
For a nuance , like , they have to decide ahat , they will do just , battin or bowling .
If any person wabt 's to become a blwler then concentrate on running , action , stomach and for batsmen put more concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bqt coordinatino , discover somne have have have have have shots which become a key factor in batting .
Also watching videos of some bad players like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , ahyden , Wasim Akaram , Breft Lee etc .
As health is an important factor in sport so we need to improve health , stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hear yoy arw on to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have impressed me .
The weather is , hot , cold here yesterday , so you need n't bring too lots of clothes because you . buy in here .
If you want to travel by city . I can be on guys as I yave a so free before university .
This is a modern citu ) ) ) ) ) .
People usually go higher shopping or exting .
There qre many different foods that are popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can hxve fun together .
If you have playing done in this city , then you want to find a job here .
I recommended you to my colleague 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if yoi are old and havem't finished college .
It may be a very long time to find a job and we have lots of time here .
Yhou as may consider my advice .
My favorite thing is swimming .
It 's because Swi is a title .
Also a I thought swimming can keep people fit and it can help peopls to to feel cool wehn will . will will will it in a hot day .
in advice that I to to sometimes have my to to start swimming .
It is not be need of more , otherwise Tney might may have learned how to swim an the the the aldo when has eaten become older it will be more difficult to learn than has has .
So this is the advice that I gove to them .
Dear video director ,
My name is Eiddr awnd the I am 21 years old . I hgad I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
nad now now now now now I am really sure that I am in person htat , you are finding .
I am mnitor about about about in the free day , and I am looking up a temporary job to improve my does .
Neither do I hae any troubles with working in a kitchen , so it would be clear if I told you rhat , , , , ( my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played mamy sports during my time , such as eocker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting for your answe yet yet yet yet yet , Eider
The It is where I live is a small village .
All people gake vreat our our our cars of the environment .
Organized dhares , where everyone leaves the village .
Apl use to use to use rezidents segregvate garbage rhrown into suitable containers .
This helps to protect that environment to make it clean , safe , in order to prevent our various diseases .
In my villagw and there are trashg cans , so that no . throws debris on the ground .
There are scary place in where yoi can organize bonfires , where everyone has to clean up after themselves nad the throw out awll garbage .
We have the aiblity to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , als the on the rofos of the dormitory school were set the batteries and the whole has usez similar energy instead of electricity .
They organize a monthly meeting on Yhe environment , which residents participate in then .
Wszysych are residents of my village , they try to , so that do that village to clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Trsvelling in on your own , is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public . There are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , teh , a bus drops by to get a passes and takes longer than expected to get tired of travelling .
Seclndly On On On On this , the public vehicle route azre far away than the usual route .
Thirdly , it is aleo The crowded anc the where there is no privacy .
Also , gives me a chance to become a viuctim husband , and picture picker .
in the public is there to buy a new car nd the for visitors who want to have an exciting trip and to see more action .
Like looking outside or seeing seeing , to mingle and meet different peoppe to .
In addition to thiz , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which you have the and safe motorcycle used known .
To sum it up , I still consider having your own car to be safer and convenient .
Public There universities has . . We havr project to at least reduce Fhe amount of cost of travel amd the prioritize the safety of lassenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I decided to disagree with the decision regarding mineral extraction .
in details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to express my opinion .
To begin with , exfract the mineral wipl can be harmful to the environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I to it there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if developed equipment is set up .
Next thing to go was be , the extraction of the valuable minerao can can can can . will definitely lead to air pollution .
There been an exampoe that the other town is polputed by Hte process of developing Thai minerral .
No one denies that Fhe polluiton issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Past years but not the recently , and mineral radiation has turned out to be a harmful influence , especially , on our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was ovedr - devsloped and became an arid course when she was a child .
After I grew up , I decided to live and nevet [ went back to her hometown .
In additipn really really really really really really , she has no blithe memory of her childhood .
My problem is thta , , some people will consider Ths job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a ' - after all .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacation .
In addition , momey is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , based on Ghe reasons and instanecs above , the disadvantages of edtract the valuable mineral outwegih the advantage .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on Te roads was faus Hte disappearing of po to from to to to .
Fossil fuels caused by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue , as higher degrees make the ice caps melt .
The longer we bjrry our heads in sand , Trhe we warner who who who will the Earth will be .
I 'm learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars ae not flying .
Even if it never actually happened , Ther are many people who ca n't have a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but also for fuel , service nad the so other things .
Huses / are simpler - hou just buy a ticket .
As about trains ?
I saw tv abot ( ( ( ( ( train in Japan - that is the future of transport .
I want to see blue sky and not a streams of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Brandon Mackie
Parliamemt House
Cambeea AVT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Csrlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order 6 for air conditioning is incorrect , we apologize fods the inconveneince .
We haev conscience of a mistake , we had a confusion about the number of air conditioniny before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your you would .
Because your odrer it it it that it to be confirmed too late and I found that the order was n't in advance so we could only get 5 pieces .
Since the home were sold in inventory but on had indiocates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do , worry aboug ( ( ( ( ( it , we will send you the remain used unit as soon as possible .
We as as as whole you , prefer us .
Yours Sincerely .
Breandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old qnd the I come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a paid person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who ars taking taken by me at the time when my parents are busy as is done .
watching my school , I have to play volleyball and I 'm an ecxellent every every every every every player .
We used to organise ompetitions and tournamentd from different schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my free time , I like to meet my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the eirty and lovely hands in Te kitdhen .
With reference to the above , I 'd like to apply for the Summet Xamp job to my full acceptance .
Contemporary ' is very controversial nowadays .
been aer many sourcss entries and creatorsw entries , as these as themes .
It is well known that many arr curators and artists believe that contemporary ar is a food source of art , and and so are many artists rhat , , , , , . create baser in their easy ideas of an aesthrtic idea or a philosophical idea , but some of the times this is unintelligible .
Personally , the most expensive art is still the old , like Picasso or Freus .
Nowadays pots of empty art pieces sre being sold at autions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimental arfs shocked the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would not be possible to stop .
So , we have many choices and an infinity of things become available at any given time .
With this state , we now have an idea of ( artists create .
The sports days were held at Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13th of November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got away by MTR .
I arrived at Thbe sports grammar yesterday yesterday yesterday at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've joined the 100-metre race .
On the first day when the sports play begin , we have the opening ceremony .
in athletic repdesentative pasted the torch anx the we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
A teacher called me back twice , , then he told me to write down the difference in grade .
So I know that everyone on has has whose name pronunciation is the same as mine .
During the race , I was that nervous .
When I to unning , I heard my housemates cheering and as , they passed my face .
in my free time , It was that comfortable and made me relax .
In the end , I got number 10 out out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already tried my best .
At lunch of the day , our website announced the mark the four people havge got .
My house which , number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful anr the I wanted my house to get Thne champon instead instead .
a , my classmates invited me to take part in the Inter - ckass race .
I felt very afraid because I am no good at running .
Also , our class went the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds , which is the first day of the course .
I implicated my class from inning the champion .
Lastly , my house came the second runner up .
I hope I will can get in next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more relaxing " .
In my opinion , this statement is not correct .
We should use transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world thwt , , . . , pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and .
It is best to have peopoe to to to to go to place walking or running on Thew other hand as it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to the place in a car , obviously , it is more by a bus and cheaper for , ; .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly - debated that has has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of Ohe country , but of the whole that along .
long time will tourism ever have a positive or a negative impact during our time ? a gives me a xilemma for the elderly .
got of all , Touriam is a tool thwt , , , allows people to travel all over the world .
In addition with its development , Thd ability of traveling has dropped to such a low level that it is , quite even , to commute from one stop ) to another .
in existence of multinaionals is Tghtly , , , , connevted to He idea of tourism , as well as the idea of globalisafion , since a traveller is only a cktizen of his own country but also a gkobal citizen .
Second On , tlurism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy reliss merely on tojrism . . . . .
If tourism influences Tbe economy , it thereby influnces Thue environment , and if it influences Yhe environment , it influences transport . People become more careful about historical sites , this works with with preserving tyhem;Tansport , , , is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a better scale , in China , in a way , will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach overseas places , efficently .
At a larger scale , peopke to now travel in almost any possible way : on land , at sea or by air .
Througb through through through through through the development of toruism , were born cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time a there is a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend ans the her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mom , Amanda , 25 years old , The herders killed her , because Ghe , The herders were poor abd the they did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
Thbe tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , who was 27 so old , and it died . He died because in a conflict with other animals , he died from an infectkon .
watching mom die because some things or were rrag her left leg and dropped it in a cave were the other animals ate her .
Thwy . . . died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened so he did to all the parts to see them even though he walked and walked around it that at a time because he nevdr [ [ found them .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
The first one is named Amanda . She likes her mom but she is a cheetah . She hve 9 years old . She loves to run and she is Tue fastest of the family and has a It of spots .
She is of the ones that yrend 's to can something enforcing .
A second child named Elizabeth , is a leooard who is the most intelligent of the family anc the the older of the daughters .
really , so I 'm 12 so old .
do animals give them return or bonus becd the she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Aja , who to Yhe the members of the family is a jaguar .
She stayed slept in her bed and did nothing all day .
His parents got angry because she he is the only one that has to work .
One of animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something else than stay asleep .
In the end .
Hello friends ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live fprssss for the whole next year .
Maybe I found somethimg only only only only only than myself : when I was on a bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there fores a year .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with a shower for the bath and a cool living - room .
I think thwt , , , . , yu have to bring something with you , because here here it is really cold weather here !
Write back back to me soon
Alrssia
entry back Riley , about Yhe question you asked me on lstter recently recently recently recently , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you lovw 've goth .
Last Yesterday I came to a decision .
I think that yoj wo give up from your music videos .
Tou as have had classes since yoku were nine years old wnd the you alreadyt know how to pronounce to Japanese , so I think rhat , , , . , tou should continue doing sports because it is good for your health and in your free times you could still play guitar without going to the classes .
This is my opinion , but the decision is on , so when Tou 've 've decided it please send me a letter saying to me about it .
Lovs , Iens .
Hey a my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and I think it would compliment the summer fun very well , because of my gkod manner and that I am open to the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is as a nurse at the local hospital where I do everything as a doctor can .
So if Tbe kids are going to hurt themselves , then i'l can care for them instead of taking them to hospital for small things like bruizes and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
I had an exam .
been so so so so today I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revise them , as at home , before I go to school , as at this time , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated ane the I thought that I was going n't be able to finish ande the the Pazs that est the .
Buy so so so I will be finished before I 'm happy and relaxed .
I always szid that I passed ghat , test and I was sure of thag , , , , , .
Ahd now now now now now tihs is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really looking forward to hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your prize .
I would like to go to an artist 's exhibition , although in my city , there aqre n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I 'd have a possibility of attending , I 'd spend the tickets .
My favorite sport
When I was three years old , my parents to skiing with me .
At the beginning , I went to kindergarten and they taught me ski .
It was a lot of fun , but I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in Teh day , my parents took me with yhem and we drove together .
My father put me between his kneis , bwcau so I could drive while valling it to be fun .
watching I got to tired , I coukd my my my my my get more my the watching " , but I it 'll be skiiing perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I turned 16 years old , my dream came true .
I went on my first snowboarding at university and I loved it .
I took one minute to ride snowboarding .
That to the story : I went snwoboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel glad as yku are drives down the piste .
Yoh are like a vird .
It is the greatest feeling in the world .
You are that happy und the then then then then sometimes I sing a song and then , it is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
in today 's warm weather weather , I like the winter morr than in summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the most comfortable for everyone who wants wants to come to other countries .
If you wish to the of in nature and we will may have luck you can sew animals .
It been a very long and tiring job , for Tol felt he could achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents got worried and called him a couple of times .
He has started walking very quickly a
Everything went dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the blafk soy .
A dark sky without stars .
He got up at then and looked around me .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She hqd it it it it has to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
probably the last thing she remembers is that she had veen been sleeping and then suddenly wok up when Tye winxow opened with Rhe wind .
She fell asleep agaiun ( ( ( ( ( , . n't she ?
If if did , how it she to do it until she was in her sleep ?
If she were n't awake , it would she could n't remember xnything only only only only only afyer only only only only ( that ?
This situation to really fustrating , not to mention thazt , , , , , now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get hom an the , then then go back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She onows her way out in the dark ; she 's gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is everywhere .
As for transportation technology , in tnis twenty - century we have various options like plans that can fly the the cloud , ones that are are big enough that they meet peoppe to to to to to and travel hundreds of miles an hour and , that can bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient times , we ar lucky enough htat , , . . , we have alo these options .
However , if I have been given a choice to choose between all of three , I will pass .
There are three reasons for this .
first reason is its speed , compared to the means of transportation it travels faster .
It can reach ghousands of miles in a season of glasses .
As a result a people can save their money .
Second is safety , compared to doing things the chances of accidents are less .
These lakes make it safer to travel by plane earlier than by train or car .
third one is comfort level .
Poan is much more comfortable than both training on the boat .
In this , I will say that a plan will be my first choice in these three means of transportation .
in reasons behind my choice are speed , safety and comfort level that make plan my first choice .
Everyone should have a year off between leaving this and into college or university , to make money or travel , That should be the most for a student who entered high This year year year year .
a want to discover the world and travel to reach somewhere they would be unable otherwise
I hwd it it was a wonderful day yesterday be I stayed at at home there all afternoon .
I went went with my parents and my sister .
It is located in A Guarda and its name is O Miño .
There aee a lot of people at the beach .
It was very cold and I could n't see them , then I played football at the Thai beach .
I took Thd sub for a very long time amd the then I went to a cafe anr the then and I drank a refreshment .
It 's a nice day because I spent a great time with my family .
No future for a public at all ? is that a claim or not ?
will we let our roads the public for just 5 or 10 years ? It is a really interesting question
in Tbink , Thailand , it all depanes because of development .
now we can see Thailand , more and more people prefer travelling by car .
years , for years ago , if you planned travel for a long time and for a long time , you would prefer to do it by car , . first you;ll spend less time , traveling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop at where and ror a ling tume , as yoi need .
if we are talking bots travelling across that city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that has is good there for every one , and he never ca be one at all , . , someone can use public transport , and economy by this , not not money , but and Tbe environment , but slme have have have have have people do n't like to use p.t . , cause theu spend more time for travelling or they aimple do n't lie to travell withb another peopoe .
so , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing our time being , with enough amount of passaangers
Hello Lang ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old . I from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GTM for the run on a daily basis to keep in shape an the be good health .
Looking to to knowing more about you .
My neighborhood is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted anr the the because of lice .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to correct the environment as follows :
no smoking in public places .
increase the number of tries and polants should punish one person perzon person person person person by person who cuts people .
establishing rhe favtories outside of the village .
proteft the water sources and the sea .
where Thd peoppe to to to to to and give them information , details abd ( ( the guidelines aboug ( ) pollution .
I 'd like to tell you abuot ( ( ( ( ( my favourite restaurant for the name is " Lemon " I go there every night it has a different food compared to any restaurants I 'd likme you you you you you chicken crispy the garlic sauce It 's an excellent choice for me anhd the the My favorite appitizer is susage and in roder that dwsert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake woth chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and axll staff are respectable I ca n't imagine noe week without going theres that rrives me nuts I advise any onhe to go therw and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relativd advantage in hygiend really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyonr despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Vollyeball of the two difticult had had had had had sporgs in the wirld , ypu shoule put your boxy in the right for you to take Tne ball to the other side in the game .
I 've been five years practicing volleyball and because of it I met a lot of people who want me to grow up in Fhe sport and life .
When I turned 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were good , awnd the I . my n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport ; whenever I am with my team I playing as if I am in another world , where I can be free and happy , apart from this , when I am bad , there is a distration of my universiry .
You should use practice English so fun , but I advertise you , is hot way at first , but you ace the to intwnt more more more more more many longer like you should do in have time .
In weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the moening to go to work I starting late at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually use video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am a big fan of sports so I do play some .
However I sometimes do skipping to fit me .
Michael woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticioe .
in topic was about a competition .
The competition is about writing stories .
Mkichael was excited because he is a great writer and he ddcided especially especially especially especially especially like to perform .
Firet so so so so so , he got an idea for the story and he decided to write the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good , but Michnae did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ednded the story and he went to the posroffice .
Michael sent in a story to Michael closed the door then and , at that moment a he hqd it made a mistake , he did n't post his name and address .
Yes , I think TV can entrrtain and exucate , because there are many things .
Qlso now now now now now there ar a It of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very inyeresting , because you can learn just reading about the latest things .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad , watch one of them .
There are many discussions abgout ( he future of public an the .
Different experts uad talked about Ths question anjd the the the of are so there have opinions .
People like to havr the freedom or move comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prwfer to use their cars .
live transport usually is restrected with the timetables anc the you only may ude the transport at the moment that the timetable has up .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use the public , because they wan 's to live themselves when they need it .
On Rhe other hand , transport is better for Hte environment , whereas Thr , . . , pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the popularity of people may go to determinate the most use of cars than the had ones .
Susan is a little depressed .
My skin is colored red ad the the the green , red dpts ontop the of the green to be more precise .
She does ghat , , , . , every day after this .
Of up , shye has a little brother .
His skin is colored eed , just pike the father .
`` Paul !
I haven't written ylu yet since but I 've been very busy because of Tbe exams at Tje University .
watching watching watching what watching watching seeing saw 's new in watching watching watching , My friend John told me to hdlp it it her him the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there as something like a staff member .
My work consisted of using prdss for the advertising , providing all tickets , fooid ' ' ' ' ' `` for the musicians and other things like that .
I went to two free video sites , so I went with my girlfriend and we went there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloakroom to get signarures from rfoms musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowdedx of people were waiting in front of Tye classroom for rhe signatures , for only me and my sweeyt , for my got them .
Everyone was so enviuos ... I liked the show ; it was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should want it as well . Youi as as as as as will out nics money and yoy give us what I want .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see hou soon
John
The advertisement is everywhere there .
There are adds in TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this , live TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A Is it for peopke to to to think that there ate too many adds on television , is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's true tbat , , , , , - programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to prodicts or services .
There can be people worried about so much advertising , but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products that have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to peopld to to to to to .
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the message on their way .
In addition , behind one added they are a It of things : one industry .
In one entry there is , for example , Teh publicist 's wkrk with with with information regarding the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or dervice 's life ...
To sum up , there asre a It of adds in TV for they are necessary anc the the the beneficial foes well .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I making Thai chocolate like as I clearly can can ? I like the sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is that hot and you can rarely stay near the sea because you end up buen by the xun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good way to enjoy little things lifve 've 've given us and have fun of them .
During summer , I love to go to the beach and sunbathe with my friends rather than getting fussed with while playing volleyball or rum inside the water of Thw sea !
I think those activities are that regenerating and thwy . . . . , maoe you forget aboutf everything everything everything ( ( all the warmth of summer .
Furthermore a a a yoi lose more than the usual days of the year and this makes you look relaxed .
I have to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful flowers of flowers with the sunshine ae fabulous .
Dea USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw that advertisement in in USA an the I 'm very interested in Tne position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages conversation at at university at Tne moment , that 's how I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with people from all ages , besides I do n't work hard hard and I learn quickly .
Als now now now now now I 've just got my FC certificate thks year but it it would help me a lot if I practiced my playing in a native ciuntry ) ) ) ) ) .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organised snd the the the the , because all patient , so I think I 'm suitable for Thius job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially going overseas a Because this would be a good what because I would meet new people and a different cultuee .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from gou soon .
watching faithfully ,
Teresw Wysocki
It had been a long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had acbieved it it it it done something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was important fots him because he was training for 5 long years sinxe the he was 15 amd the he haven't got any achiefements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and went to a party .
Tom wanted Mle , his girlfriend , to come toi visit visit visit visit visit .
She to be really proud of her .
She dreams about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with Jer at that party .
He waited waited for 2 hours before going on .
He hated that she was that late .
That is the main reason he wanted to end it up .
watching Lelup up . she looked vorgeous .
And when he saw Hr going on on on , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
`` `` 's up .
He got close to hjer on on on on on and told her everything .
Mel looked saldy at Gom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and dropped out of ihs home .
He followed and apologized to her .
He told me he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he gave it to her .
He said he loved her and lissed her forehead .
He ad it it it Is it it to stay with her ? ... because it would .
He could n't let me leave her carrying gis baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew thay , , , he had to live with hrr on on on on for the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming adn the , then started to taking care of Mel .
One day a A . was feeling really sick , so Tkm , ) took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to succeed .
And he was right .
Mel has lost ths baby .
Tom hsd it it it it it to make a hard decision .
His life was going to be sore .
Mel was crying all whole entire time and Tom could n't stand it .
He has broken up with Mel and it becomes much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it to be Hre fault that shs has lost their little hmuan on on on on on .
Gliding in the wzves
Even if I am very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practise is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the warmth quite the right , able to do a lot of ovement that are impossible while in the bath , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't abvle yet yet at swimming at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have neen [ [ been taking lessons fots so many months , so I 've improved so mudh my ability .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a bug , part of your you will enjoy the wagering , then in the to or in do that .
Practice swimming is quite hard for us , especially if we need to learn Rhe basic movements , for it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend rhat , , , . , you do n't have to give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it gives a It of satisfactions !
Your goal will be prized by success , and yo can obtain it by practice .
·Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leiszure tije in Castelldefeos .
·ctivities to kill time
As it is well - known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local peoole to come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the bsah or canoening and aquatic surfing on Trhe Olympic Canal .
These activities are Ths mpst the most popular and the yhe most expsnsive too .
a , I absolutely definitely definitely recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Oters ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there aee do activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : there are zumga classes , ypga bneach , running ... as sports activities , ajd as zocial - activities there are library roups , theatre ...
As I said , these activities afe not as popular as the activities of Tge Olympic Canal and the beach , but Thdir success is increasing by and more .
·Reocmmendation
So , I suggest that it would be a grsat can idea to combine Thne different types of activities , the the popular ajd the the the the Tge message .
If youy tried apl Th activitie I I I I I do , you would spend a grewt time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are yiu ?
I 'd be glad to hear from oyu .
I 'm writing to tell you the way to arrive at Salou .
Yoi will come to the Reys airport , right ? .
now , it is located just just Reus , it 's there but it has a lot of servicjes and men there .
You have to take a bhs because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
The bus stops at Rhe Sapou bus station .
watching yoh get off has , for you from asking someone about the spring .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
years now I ended up on a stop in there to eat in the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce aevnue .
I 'm planning a tour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and others to chat with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
really Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio Farcía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am an Engineer of Exection in Minex , working in the " Instituto Profesionsl Virginio Gómwz " .
I am particularly interested and I am clmpetent to apply for the post of chief of operations at the We are are called underground projeft Chiquicamata .
In Firat , fact , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Complany .
On Tje at The Hahd , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new Thai technologies this great project requires .
I am alpso The the able to lead Tbe over of the project responsibly and Throguh a Tean work to achieve Thd objective and to continue with the prestige that my company has .
My work experience is that putstanding because I had the privilege of becoming at " Minera El Trniente " as shift management member , Cihef of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your kindness and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified fofsssss tihs things .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further , I remain yours .
Guilermo Sedillo Tórrez
in Thailand , there are many people taht , are learning foreign languages , are me , it is a good thing that are to peopl to to to to to learn this , but is it worth leafning after after after after after a foreign language ?
First , there are more multinatiinal companies that nwed people to speak other languages , so that means thay , , the peolle to who to be know to speak foreign language have opportunities to get a jog in important companies , or will have better chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , different modes benefits , `` For example , if you want to travel to somewhere in a country , it is very useful to ( in English in a different language , because you understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives Ths learner the ability to step inside the mind anr the the context of that other culyure ) ) ) ) ) .
Today a glonalization is gringing the world more and closer , Tbat means tghat , , , , , there are modes of possibilities to converse with other cultures , for example in oiterature , poetry , books , TV programs , music or Swome have other aspects of Tbe culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if yo have the motivation to learn a new language , do it , because it will give you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Monfano avenue nº2
Pos Code 10273 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to copmlain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries : a model 002545 because my monile only only only nseds Thsi kind of battery , but I have only received one for the model 001212 .
It 's been a month lately since I ordered gwo batteries model 002545 on your website .
I have a mobile model a Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
A delivery was late , so now I am in a hurry be I need my mobile to study every day .
If I hsve nog money I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem I would like to receive them using batteries by express podt .
Fhe delivery error has been caused by yours , so this time , it may be because of the free delivery .
If I do , bear ( on you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You . If If so , please contact me by email because my mobile srill still still still still still not working .
I hope to hear from you soon and hjaving of my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The goal of this report is to evaluate both BSD effects and gold effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leishre Club in the lasg In In In In In .
First , pesople to to to to use this site have actually found a good place to enjoy their time through a broad range of activities , games which qre held creatively abd the ( the ( the effective way and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough better facilities to use in the peak hours of year amd the the guiedrs aee everywhere and is ready to help .
However , we do things that we dislike
decided to support it to actract more more more more more and more peole to to to to to join Fhe club , the its good points , I highly recommend that theyu . should arrange the time suitably and avoi the they hold the activities to avoid the trouble
Gkven is a program introducing Tje procedures of makingh bank nptes .
decided the because nores are are are are are are Hte , first and insispensable of .
Peple to should decide on background colour and do do so while they have to concentrate on things .
At a time , skilled machinists would prepare Yhe meral plates to go to Tghe next step .
A third second is to print the prepare a for entry .
Actually , it be 50 ban notes per sheet .
The colour will rpint on both scenes xnd the every note has their native inking also they will be slightly raised .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , which is inspecting the qualiy of the printed sheets .
People were idvided the quakity things things things things things in the Tyhree parts : good quality , slightly injured , and bad sheegs .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets , still good , they will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispactihg and distyributing the bank nores .
If the parties damagd sheets called bax , htey . , . . . they will be trezted as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explikcit process of making bank noyes .
Even though it seems to be enough to make them , everyone needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A ETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a some years ago , as Alfred , The Major , died after an article about the importance of surroundings in health and the happiness of people .
He started to find how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to gef some some some some some concern about the oldest pleople to from De village about the importance of Teh weather of our surroundings , middle - aged people plant many trees around the villagr and cleaner the floor of public places making a more attractive place to lkve 've than we used to have .
Easy recycling
Locap authorities helped this initiative by creating and having places for leople to to to leave rubbish in order to be taken to the recycping center with Hte purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Th results
As a result of tyis attitude , Dince Alfred hae this great irea , we enjoy one of Rhe cleanest villages in the area .
Peoppe to to to to to now worried abiut ( the future of our planet and an association has been founded about this to prepare for the care of Korean plabet , Breen Pkanet is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Luie Blanxo ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment fkrsssss the " Nww Clodu Genwration " project .
So we need your help regarding some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for peoole to with three years of experience in similar projexts , who are engineers and also have a good team as well .
We also value that they uave specialty studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However a it 's possible thaf , , , . . we do n't one enough people with that profile as so , we could accept people with a year of experience .
Is it possible to do in meeting in a week ?
now where do you prefer ? ( Remembed that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't hage to move to do place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles that yoi think the sgaff of New Cloud Geberation should have , . please tell me if you feel the different request than what I told yoh myself in tht , , , , , e - please .
Please , provide me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told yiu I hsd to be helped at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem abnd ( the show , I talked to Tehm ande the we haf lunch together , Rhey . . They 're those nice men . Gecau was helping Thdm . . , I had Ghe best place during Trhe concert and I haev their autograph on the newest record . I did n't havw mwny duties nad none of them were unplwasant .
In general , thing I had at duty today , is check the list , above that I had to help in cleaning arez the day after that . .
But that concert was the of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon ad the then then then I 'll be careful when I talk to talk about this conversation .
olve ,
Dominika
Report :
a This entry is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would have to give yoh Domes ' recommendations I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the new course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand up for the outstanding classmates who were in class .
They were not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Working collabiratively is , in reality , the most interesting way of learning at subject than English .
Second , the teachers use really good skills to teach .
They managed to encoueage all of us every day .
I hope we made th , . . most of us and nerver [ [ could improve our level .
Third , speaking classes scheduled on Friday came really in handy .
They helpwd me to pronounce words more often , before starting Trhe course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teacher class .
This which we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it hqve beej worth practising .
To wrap up in a report now I say htat , , . . , on the whole , has , course to be fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
watching sincerely ,
Juan Oeozco
I am keen on cinema , I love to watch all types of movies .
Really , what films are in my TKP 100 list ?
In my olinion their their their their their their they , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it be it is original and it shows diffreent had life stories of moving characters .
In additiin really really really really really , I think that Thr stars are very realistic ajd the The Tbe actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama that fans watching Babel as its message will help you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connecged to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old and I live in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in my 3rd year of fzculty studying studying studying studying medicine at Port - Saif University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my brother .
I have a brother and a sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading novels nd the writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I wan 's to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I 'll work hard to make this dream come true .
For a few years , I worked in many jobs such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purufication company .
I beieve any any any any , that did is everything and experience can make miracles in our life , so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know morr and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an enginere but when I changed my career to medicine , I realised trhat , Allau chose the because for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel yhat , , , . , I hafe it in my hand so I can do anythimg only only only only only for people .
One of my goals in life is to event an effective drug like one which is incurable , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I swam myself many times a day ( is the aim of our life ?
And what are Fhe benefits of work and study ?
But if yoy sew your world and realize it well , it will be deserve from everyone to work so hard and have their hopes .
I learnt from research that ou . do everything at a time as in addition a little tired can change life for Teh better .
I like travelling an the visiting new ppaces to in my country andf the my dream is travel to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I with this program is a chance fots expedience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my siciety as I hooe to comne back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing my appreciation to the post of joining as a camp monitor that you reauire in summer .
I jave seen your advertisement about this mprning anc the I am interested in it .
Although I am young but I think I am a satisfied person regarding the post .
I am a preschool teacher ane the I have experience looking after from 3 to five days . I find myself quite nervous and fun that , in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feepat , this could be one of my hreat , wrakness .
I really love being the peiple to to person to person to person all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
This I believe is an advantage .
They usually use they - homework adn the the the actiuve they they they they persln all all all all everything .
If you have any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my form form and my cellphone number . I would be grateful if yiu oculd would give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately ownwd own own own own own cars ?
To be honest , I am not surprised .
Although privately built cars are becoming and more popular , and they are incresaingly becoming common , even in developing countries , it is not not that this means of transport can be Rhe mrans of transport of the future .
Nowadays , people realize that , in cities and on that planet , there is an increasing problem of pollution .
Carbon-based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most probably private homes are no " sustainables " in Fhe long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some type of transport .
The population growth forecast says us thatf , , , . , in Thd next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I can see that it is nice to dream of a future of technological peoole to flying around , each of us has their own private small helicxopter .
But it is beginning to happen .
I guess fhat , , . . , in our future there will zre no helickpters , ajd the not even cars .
States and foreign authors will have to gackle at at at this problem anr the provide the public with a better alternative . T
If if incependent transport will rise dramatically .
I reckon that Thzt , , was a change is the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the gimetable and to oearn again again again again again and again to be on of , Rhe recently old Tdain has become important again .
Imagine this picture : In the first class of this semester , students are yawning znd the they do not lay attention on Yhe teacher ; while teaching asking for Te answer , students do not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in the last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly due of the long vacation , students will not remember Tbe knowledge they have learned , partly because late vacation let students to have fun instead of studying , the the partly becauwe of some difficylt courses should be contiually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could deceived a more , more efficient education if they spend 11 monyhs a day on studying .
More research and detail will shed light on the following paragfaphs .
To begin , fhere is a clear consensus , students will learn about the knowledge Tuey . has learned after a long break time .
For example , in history class , a history teacher has to repeat teaching the history of North America before he starts to teach the history of Outh that America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wastibg gime and not efficient .
Next thing to going it be , students get used to relaxing by having no stuff and did in the long vacation .
For example , when Fhe semester starts , students can not leave the sun , beach , and travel .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time thdy . had when paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses from continually studying rather than aving the have a brak Tume .
`` instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a lobg time without learning English , yuo could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementionef , I totally agree with the statement that students receive a better , mofe efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I 've been enjoying tyhis sport since I was a child , I remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I told thag , , I inheritdd yhis love for soccer .
I played soccer in diffedent had teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all my problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
a When I play bad , I feel nervous for my parters them for they give me their unconditional support .
A is a prize .
I them that health is very important , so if you practise this practice there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this website you have to do it because you really lke 've 've it .
if you do n't like it , ther are many options to doing do sports .
It is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes one .
In this way a a yuo have to be prepared for anything .
Finally , I appreciate thar , , , yoy enmoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I went to the amazimg Niagara Falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York fity .
In Tye fy , I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight lasts approximately five hours a during which I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I could get a bug yug .
We went to long islawnd the the see a because there he was alive .
He has a really nice good well well well well and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " as she looks just like me .
In New New I eag so much , I also went to Fhe city Thailand , never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle haf of has held the idea of going to Niagara Falle .
We drove it in a car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally a we arrive at Niagarx Falls , which looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do but there eere are fqllss still still still still .
I to amazerd of how huge the falls were .
They were incredibly amazing and did it .
I take too many photos be you do , visit places you have everyday .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My uncle Juan lives in US States of America and I was able to hug him be I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was that happy to see me and me at home , we are like siblings .
My aunt gavs some me a lot of presents because she has not use me , and many other parts of my family .
In this this , I have a perfect vacation where I see new things , visit awesome sites such as Niagara Falls and Time Square , receive a lot of presents and easily cook some delicious food .
Most attending students to universities are out of the city where they used to kive , so , they need accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities have cheap accommodations such as home rooms and dormitories to thwir students to lower the living costs , where most students hace lose income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independently a
Sharing houses or homes has many advantages . These as , cheap , safe , close to a university , anr the I learn how to share everything the others . Studying time and time will be lore in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less by four hours more than hiring an apartment , ad because it will be closer to the hniversity , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite of these benefits , I prefer if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important fprsssss me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , These days where I 've worst during my life , he to dirty , speaking loudly all and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grang me thge feredom to live by the way yhat I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will nog achieves when living in shared rooms .
Htey recently recently recently / annoys me recently
Although Tye federal government , which is decvided as a role of UZA , has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believed that there is no perfect government .
The powerful thing of Thw , , federalism , which has lore of liberty for the states to uave their own policies according to nerds , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of thast , , is the marriage of homosexuals which some states admit yhis marriage , others do n't .
Also , the rsading passage declares that even if Thw federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls Tye Jain decisions .
In a case this caused some pdoblems to to to where the lecturer mentioned the failure of the federal government to stop illegal immigrants to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , control of the federal government is the reason why each of the countries blame each other for the increase of Rhe unemployment in Soje , both states .
In this , a federal government which gives freedom and strength , fauses many problems such as no single policy nd the the the confuion in its responsibility .
Yravelling to a diffeent had country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I realized that every day trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico a I give such important advice ; First try to get alone with a travel companion snd the then enjoy Mexivan food instead the the the right to complain about spicy soup .
People say that in every voyage the of to suffer different things during the trip : arriving , getting away from the frustration of an unknown career , getting alone with your trip companion , succeeding as a traveler and coming home comfortable .
In wonder that to go on a trip to Mexuco I suggest ghat , , . . , the traveler should find a way to be up with his or her companion .
This minimal chance can make a big difference and will will help you visit Otber city .
As an example , if you are able to communicate with your travel companion a . enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange someone have you , eat other , and visit places as common interest in such as muaeums or malls .
Other advice that I would giv some some some some people come to Lexico is that enjoy Mexican fod ' ' ' ' ' .
Americans are home of a lot of tastes in different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American peopld to that do n't like spicy food and alsk the mostr out out out out out of the times could get hungry with the excess of pepper that the German peoplle to used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I would suggest yku to aak tor sauces with lpwer peppwr .
In this way , the visitors were let out to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper nd the the Fhe same delicious sauce that is so characteristic of that country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that are coming to my country : try to get alone the Hong McDonalds in order to hxve Fuh , and try to enjoy Mexican food bec it is delicious !
Afted time time time time time the internet was ihvented anr the the It it revealed for first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media site ( SMS ) is Tye next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face to face communication .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.00 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , life consequences of Tacebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
, people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in New Zealand aee not likely to hav their own personal privacy so that and is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will force on benefit the disadvantages of websites like Twitter , and qlso The The The commenta potentkal is one of these implicatioins .
Communicating can be done , regardless of what , through Facebook and Twitter .
Hte benefit of being being logged globally to Fdacebookssss and Twitter is , messages can be downloaded aljost instantly to viewers .
First use , Facebook and Twitfer can be used as their users are in an unpleasant mood , and here their native feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook gives the opportunity to get in on the daily activiries with friends , make observations of relationships , maintain one 's own feelings along the netwodk ( Theough , wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quonn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
using is to say , human behaviour on Facebook of interacting with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Recently , Facebook has been used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , moreover , maintaining relations with other within members , and also share their same interests by in social new with other .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
`` instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activity which is posted by them .
However , udes to this , peolle to who are being vollowed , or usersa in veneral , may hwve less personal privacy , and als then there is a high potential of being purosely aggressive towards someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter rae easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond as a public option .
However , information that appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily downloaded , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
Mostly a Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to them as they are doing what they want .
However , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of al , people can pkst when when when any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
`` example , during the time the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a failed member posted a dramatic racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performing by black person ( Dauch qnd Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the access information through SMS , it has led to Japanese problems involving cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a xase of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on issues of stalking harassment , trespassing anx the telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Tsitter , anc the the EMS in general , can replace face - to face communicating and improve their functions , because people feel lore about freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to view each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected adn the , keep in touch with friends for a second , rather than bave to call them .
The possible outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communication skills that they have .
In additioj really really really really really , to decrease Teh risk of negative comments or posts , Faceboom would ajd the Twigter would improve their futures to solve Ghe , less personal prkvacy problem .
For example , controlling my posts can be done by introducing more privacy options .
, despite the benefit of these implications , people should be careful and pay attention tuat , , , . , Facebook and Twitter could affect their social lifestyle by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , Yhe benefits from using Facebook and Twitted is that pdople to can communicate and become connected to their friends fluently .
Also a people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expresisng how they spent .
In contrast , because Faceblok ajd the Twitte have been connected worldwide , which means rotecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Probably , users can express aggressive towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes foes everyone
Introdeuction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by daily networks like Tacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sites .
Also , Thsi phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is Fhe best way to capture special moments I like birthdays , travels , especially time , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is cobsidered those actovities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
in , told study how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture it will be compared as learning to read .
Although skills aee needed in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the dducation system at the same time .
he reasons
Recenbt studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photograps ard each per person in the world , especially in Thd , , time the genrrations had had are ahd kids ) .
This ihcrease has has related to Yhe overwhelming development of technologies in compouters , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Alsl this , phptography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knlwledge always of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
Oh how a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally Spring . .
A bright light is shining , Thw snow melted away in March .
In first spring a birds come back ftoms the warm contries .
They are currently having funny worries about building their nests .
People look happier .
Ghey . We are feeling tifed after a long snowy winter .
We set our clock till one in March .
It was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get less and lighter .
We usually set our clock at an hour in October .
A It of people are happy , because they . sleep ( fpr ) one hour more .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provided yku , rather than just getting healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of when you lose a sport ?
Do you think that your skills have improved ?
Well yo ate mistaken .
For trying different kinds of sports a you nerd to be skilled or willing to try Ew different people again .
What if you do n't have any of those things required ?
Then yoi know uockey is the aswner The .
hokey is a sport I have played for a and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's always as simple as it sounds .
Ypu have to train five days a week and you eed to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life a I have been willing to improve in this spot and since 0210 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Who will I recommend this to ylu ?
It would definitely help you to learn ( and improve as a person .
This will change the way yuo see Rhe world and yo are hoping for the right to start seeing it through other eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport , tihs one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transport is the transport medium fofsssss environmental causes .
In spite of how much people make enough money to build their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose Thiz , , knes for the ( the thbat , , , , , , because there are several useful tgat , we have to deal with .
The environment is taking on new things every day , by kids too , by ancient people .
The government and mamy `` companies are meawuring Th CO2 emissions which are being pdoduced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for raising good prices of the social consuming .
If people do n't use public an , they could travel , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , snd the that will probably take place when the destiny is far from Teh place where yu lives .
From my point of view , transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow the of fees in public transportation , that it will make more to to to use transportation and care for the environment from CO2 emiszions nad the global heat .
In Coslada City Council , leople to are well informed about Tokyo city environment .
The city council has developed several camjpaigns to improve the awareness of its . , `` For example , the children who are at school how to separate the waste .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as that high as gwo by by by by by hundred meters .
There havd been several planting campaigns to plants trees nad the to clean Trhe river Jarama sids .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because a dog 's owners have most of the responsibility .
Since 2008 , there are many bike patjs across the city , so Tbe , , . , customers will be able to avoid the car and they will emir these from the pollution .
oganic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most recent thing in environmental care is the education of children .
years since that planet is in a difficult situation thar , , , , , so we have to Txke more more more and more into Thd problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their journey of making money without doubt of the effects .
My faimly It is very conscious of this problem so we make any effort to handle it .
We usually use Yhe public system system , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and Tghe price is worth it .
We ljve in a neighborhood where we have several bins which are clasified accordung to the material we aant to recycle .
Moreover , we run an industry , which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations are of care of Fhe environment .
My sister teaches peope to what to do with things they want to study , such as botytles or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery too , , , so lots of people aree following her !
It shows that this kind of thing has a second life .
As soon as Thr last took ends the southern border of Egypt is ended .
Nie river is the original of Th ancient Egyptjan civilization that cvounts over 6 thousand so .
All historians , researchees , scientists agree with tyis .
And as for me , I totally suppoft any any any any any their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization among the huge desert Szhara .
Alo , or the Teh Nile , is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of he water level on the river helps peopls to to to realize Tbe psosibility of expxnding the area of lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it or of the late soil of Ddsert .
Nlwadays recently recently , Deep 's wife the vqlley of Ths Nile became the most important transprt such such such such for Egypt .
Through the centuries and I have been exploring Thr nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided Yhe yesterday into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
Fhey know when it would be the ' Green Nlie ' or ' Red Nike ' to stock up on clean water .
Gut so so so so a such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative sixe as these as positive .
The great amount of buildings which are built on the river has caused the loss of some animals and animals .
in the , some Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as these cities become developed , the government will pay attention to Tbe ecological problems at that high level .
It 's been a long time since most people thought about an important historical place in Italy , today . think of Diomo , in Milano .
But Tne Fuomo is not the most me .
I am sure tou 'll agree that it 's Thr Colosseum .
Foess time centuriee this building had been a symbol of this city .
It is quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists who come every year .
It was biult in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for showing animals or people who were killed iwthout ( ( ( ( ( they .
wanted nacy especially especially especially the especially things which were are are represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It is riined through the agew , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my oponion their , it is important because we remember our past and our traditions , which we wo n't forget .
However , all people are aware of it .
It 's that strength and every time I go beyond I realize how these people succeed in byilding it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand the right to never give up and follow olur that those those those those days .
In Thailand , the mofing A has become an important factor fods everyday activities .
Everybodh get gets gets gets gets from a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in saying public rights have no future .
Travelling through an is a convenient mode of transport , but half of the population can not afford it .
There arew advantages and disadvantages in using public transport .
Firstly is to dkscuss the benefits of public transport ; it is cheap and adfordable fkrsssss all classes of people in society .
A variety of buses to be released by Yhe government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using transport is a time easte and no privacy ars some of the disadvantages .
Sumilarly , travelling by has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford travel either , as it is costly , so to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated people can travel faster .
To sum up with a , it is appropriate to sit up and say that there is no future fosssss public transport because both types of an have an advantage and disadvantages .
Wometime I I I think that Taipei is too crowded .
in , / There is no denying thatg , , , . . the NRT in this city is such a convenient merropolitan system .
, during the rush hour , when having such a ruined person has no public awareness at all .
Trhey . . . . . occjpy the two msny `` `` `` `` `` seats , inclouding the should should .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other other , just keep laughing ans the teasing each other , despite the fact thst , , Wome people have taught them not to do this .
I think that providing support for the elderly is also a problem .
Priority seats , afe preserved to those who need them , not only for the elderly but asos The the the the soe have have have adults need it .
Smehow how how how how how , not all of them can identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely due of their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seat .
At the time , some old people would take this considerative action for granted abd the then then they would even command young adults or students to offer their study out manners !
In my opinion , the good thing in oir that that that that that . have nothing to criticize expect , .
Everyone should develop and be aware of public manners .
Television is an Japanese part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news qnd the girls .
TV watching mkuch especially especially especially especially especially benefits :
Firstly , it only makes people able to to share experiences with others .
TV can be used as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting hobbies on by about subject or reading authors whose work was sdapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important valuable life lessons .
Educational programming can dsvelop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Nws are are are are are , current events amd the historical things . help young pepple to to to become more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV helped introduce youth to classical Hollysood fjlms and foreign mogies about thzt , they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the area of music and art for other people .
Starting television watching it also have negative effects : First of up , children spend a great amount of time watching television and get less exercise .
In addition , children receive less socialization the other children .
Television takes away from family time .
This is alsi The the the truth for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consultinf aznd the the sale of financial proructs and software to an inernational business , in the mass - market and skall - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the improving until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships aftrrsss the the sales in the xim of customer satisfaction
I also went to the large ahd the small teams in back - offices , managing mxny `` adminstrative activities related to mortages , prrsonal loans , contability and investments ( .
I spent spent several years on the acquisition of new customers , providing them with a complete service , from Tbe , accounts to insurance products , investment policies , personal loans , revolving credit , anf the the cross - selling products .
In maybe `` years since I hbave honed my skills in managing do - standard moment , analyzing the problem , finding and implementong practival and easy solutions .
In - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding anc the the implementing practical ahd the easy solutions .
I have faced several situations , but with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the people of the Tdam in which I work , cooperate with my colleagues to achbieve Te foals still still still still still by providing my skoills , ; willing to learn , respecting other points of life together find ways to deal .
I worked worked for the same large company for 25 years so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
needs to working my husband has neen [ [ been [ been been in Zaandam , so I want to find a new job in Hollqnd to join our family .
I like sports such as surfing , riding amd the swjmming . I 've since got Tbe rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying at dive mastsr
Now we hope that public transport can pass the job .
where we keep all ths cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we find that one day we 'll have to live in our car and use transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
But , probably , thiks situation is only a period of development of treatment .
We arr and xbout ( ( ( a lot of innovatjons still still still still in Thailand , spheare still still still still still here .
For instance , Google recently started their Googlemobile account .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more aged people people .
If thet play with each other and use Googlemap or something like tat , , , . , they will be able to avoid accidents on the road .
So epople to will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people have the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people with , it might take away their independence .
Buit so so so so so other people think that it is not a bad idea , because thdy . will be able to drink in spite of the fact , Thst . . . , tjey . . . . are drivers at Tghe moment .
in , there will be prople to who dislike having drivre entries entries entries entry entries anyway .
And pepple to to to to to those who hate public transport , there was always be .
In question is , which sort of person hve more impact in the world , ans the , eventually , who will decide .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign languages ?
Or do you wan 's to be a polyglot ?
Today it is milrs more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There aqre few reasons I will show you now is , to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you arr planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speal between A A A in a local language , it can make your trip very easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , Thje business exchange is increasing in Ths international level , so if you speak a foreign language , be sure it adds some on your profile and you can get a higher score .
a , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only ldarn who who who a language is , at the same time you are also learn its its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than your , it enriches you knowledge .
Over recent years , there are more anbd the more miserable accidents happening around Ghe Worlc .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out tnat , , , . , our environment is changing severely .
Mazny scientists are thst , , . . , people 's lives will change dramatically in Fhe next 50 years because of humans ' greecy It .
Hujans always desire to hav a more convenient and comfortable life , but feel they want to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
High - technologicazl countries ahve developed a hreat number of forests on the lands to build tall buildings .
Various factories drank carbon dioxide into the air .
`` The examples above will enhance th temperature ans the , make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher temperature enhances the living quality .
If people around in world could n't put emphasis on oud that that living longer , we would have a dark On ( ( ( a hopeless future .
As to the weather change , the weather is so hot that no , never have a water shortage .
Losing snough enough enough enough enough enough water will , people 's bodies will become weak and sore .
In thbis living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , and was be more fighting , and and more sadness .
Sveryone lives in despair , for . do not find the entrance to brightnwss .
The terrible consequences afe caused by humans ' poor health .
friends , drom our our our own mowing , let us be Th members to present them and very care of our well !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underwear work is very hard , It is just because you work with dangerous people , Tbe real dangerous thing is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceiged , now will they die , to break , or the roll .
looking as as if you have to be prcise , fast , and a really gold acror .
The passion vors the cause is the key to survival .
It is just something that I had to do , no ou , , hrr , me .
I did n't cut tgat , , , , , , this person has chosen me .
really Sir or Madamme ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
`` In the past two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I come to success in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I beljeve any that I am a suitable candidate fprsssss this post , considering the swimming might I have .
On the other hand , I completed Thew first aid course , in Thr Red Cross .
The job gives me the opportunity to use all the experience I hqve gained abd ( the job and , what is more : it also provides me with new knowledge .
Please do hesitate to contact me if you have any information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many pwople to are suffering from stress lately , spring from time .
In addition to thjs , people are working in very stressful workplaces and then . , want to leave from thks business in the holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit of people .
During holidays , people can relax from daily problems and also take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go unusual places with their families in later life to forget about recent situations in their lives .
For a while , walking in the sea or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard lies .
On the one They , holidays are thue best for people in terms of tinking clearly their feelings about life .
day can read their decision in the holidays in a more accurate way by using helpfjl .
`` Of First , under stressful conditions , all can make make decisions for their themselves .
Also , peiple to to to underestimate what feelings in at workplaces .
in after is that people must complete tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and Thry . . , , for always always always always abput ( ( ( ( ( these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinkinhg having having having having having spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen here , During holidays people come right closer adn the they feel one is deelings .
For example , people meet their relative that they have never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people havs of a chance to go to sacred places in order to renww who their spirits and souls .
They can see God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects , they can become mired about happiness . Because it may be like to leave the matgerial world .
During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that loss to stressful at
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in need to heal from their problems because of the stressful time .
Also holidays axre very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the spirit because people have a chance to get away from life that has lots of material subgjects .
cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities like as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement be because they consider it a means of development .
On Trhe one hand , there are men who cycling .
Firstly , it rewduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowees CO2 ) .
Furthermore , it turns out to be Ghe quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there ars some issues such as the increase of danger on the road .
Statistically , a cyxling is gnerally ocnsidered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
a disadvantage is Yhe weather .
Getting wet if it rains , having to do a It of effort to cycle against a strong wind , weather weather or having to keep drinking the hot weather .
In my point of view , a bicycle contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look flrsssss solutions to all the disadvantages of thix activity .
No , can deny thxt , , , , . travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking ' do not need to spend hours waiting for ther bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might not be so short during universities , due to less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where public transport is , but able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially for a long distance .
this , a car provides us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of taking public transport should not be negletced .
First , transport is good fosssss Ghe environment compared to private car .
As we all know , Thr more transport they use , the less car exhausts ade the the amount emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strange relation between between far exhaust and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays a role in prptecting human beings , suffering of diseases and saving lives .
Second , had saved some spafes .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays days cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person becomes mors limited than before .
Provided that every cigizen owns a car amd the uss it rather than having transport for every travelling chance , I suppose ghat , , . . , our car would become a parking place nd the everyone would spend more time congesging .
Last , not least , public transport allows people to do do things that are impossible whilst driving .
drivers have to continue pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a rense spirit .
For a passenger , however , trqvelling people people to people to people to person is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating novel while while while while or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it all means that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly thsns bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport will replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose that fit them .
Kanguages for the future
Can I learn better languages ?
We live in a worod today , and the day to day changes anbd the people need to develop their skills and overcome them .
I think there are mqny `` `` `` `` `` reasons to have languages .
On the other hand , it allows you to communicate with people , learn know different cultures the travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also a in recent years a I 've come in English , French , German and Russian and it become sokething only only only only essemtial only only only and that it is important in our lives to find a job .
I think a grwat can can can be a disadvantage is the price of the course .
Als now now now now now I consider rhat , , , . , it ends up hard and takes time away from doing any anything things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages be it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
rya francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 014
Deawr Usa Summer Camps ,
I have been writing in response to your one for a while .
I had a part - time job as a birthday - sitter and I take care of my 11 - - old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter famps too ans the I havw already prepared a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
using These are these reasons I think I have the skill to succeed in the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
I hope oyu consider me for the job , rodrigo .
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in Tge afternoon .
We afe delicious food and play intsresting other other other other other games altogether .
We hax a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as almot The The The The The znd the `` The Biv the Big World .
`` In thirty minutes , we had tea .
Qinnie loves eating there , so I . 'm easily easily easily easily find food at home .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juice apple juice for tea an the they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we had a hide - and - xeek ' over in Winnie 's gardrn .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winni looked firs us .
Suddenly , Winnije fell into a little stone .
Adriana amd the I immediately came to her and gave her up . '
My knee is bleeding .
are yoi doing ? I wondered .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart started pounding because I was worried about Winnie .
I haf butterflies in my stomach , I am fine , ' Winnie relpied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster of a On on Wimnie 's back .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herselc again again again again again .
Shy ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opiniin their their their their their way . I feel that in in future it will be better .
The House of the future will be big and brihht .
day will be full of conveniences .
Big spazces will be divided into a few zojes .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , Korean 's area and so on .
In houses of in the future there will be automatic curtains deacting to Tye light in every house .
Television was crodless , as this , as at present in Germany .
very house it be flexible .
Thanks to that it . expanded or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of peopld to .
Swimmimg is my favourite sprt using using ever ever ever .
Why do I have to swim ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmet 's efforts , for you ca also enjoy teamwork when yo participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitbess , it is a sport that can be taught at the up the up . . start to begin swimming as early as ywo of age .
Swimmijg were of different types ; dollhin , crawl , backstroke abd the the breast stroke .
Swimming as a spoet is very useful in weight reduction if ylu makes you obese and need to lose your weight , it is also the best sport for Rhe asthmatic patients because it strengthens the Fhest muscles and dedreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you are start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be you of a meat of your choice .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya in October .
I went to a geeat can can can can of with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I could see some of my life through them .
In the concert there alkl people can enjoy , but nobody thinks avout ( how they are preparing to perform .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example a Theh . know everything about helpers 's jobs on Ths same website ; they are just concerned about their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts from my experience .
On the Saturday morning we were expected and thinking about the concert and we decided do hot and think about the concert just do some about what it be given .
While we were arranging a plan we made work sharing for both of us .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs ' volume and lights .
My job is to collect songs and list which singers it will perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert befa of the singers .
They always wanted to change some songs which are on the list .
At the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody was worried because thsy . . . . . gave and paid for it .
The concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which was flying freely .
Of course I had some pain in my kegs got because all the time I standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I have to invite ypu to oyr again again again again for that next concert , which will be next month . if you give ang the time please come and see ho , we are preparing take the concert .
I am looking for your email .
See you !
A thing is changing the way we live in many cities and how we receive and use information is probably the mozt about most affected .
Retarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in plades we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Frim buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive gas stgop signs .
recent developments in nobile technology allows advertisers to offer personaliaed publicity to think of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I go through restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses I will see which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorcas , or an add frpm tripadvisir wity Malporca in it .
It will suit me well , it will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it too .
now it feels like to enter a square or plaza in my neighborhood and find it full of briyht svreens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
where a light be cobsidered ans the the arf the the sea , or at least some pieces afe really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or whowed at in wrong of me . lose their artistic .
But , technology is hre , for best or worst , ajd the we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I coukd my my my own on my own change everything only in my own time , I would have to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bi - detached house in sububs of Artem or Vlarivostok .
So that I could live in myself freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would place it in my old room instead .
I would build Thdre fitnese gtm , a wardrobe , go swimming or .
If I had a successful , I would have to have a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
if we could once time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will be my answer .
Although I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a set of skills to be a master of it , It sounds very challenging .
often I feel stressed off , so I always play rennis to release my pressure .
If yoh are a beginner of trennis , my advice is that you need to look at a suitable rocket fosssss you first .
As the pdoverb said goes : If yu wanf 's to ca something well , you would need to gwt some some some some some of the right tools to work on it .
Next , you xre required to learn basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires logging of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technical things slowly ahd quickly , you may get huft during practice .
Also , finding a good teacher is lso The the the most critical thing .
A skilled coach will help you learn the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better live in than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choice in Japan , now ?
Can you imagine watching only gwo by on channels ahd the not playing the whole show ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of chajnels hit our houses in the eighties .
In this report a we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually reducing
In our country one decade ago when digiyal TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourihsed .
Alo The The TV tried to bet several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficits in budgets , today there are mainly two TV programs .
Pess channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money znd the you can choose exactly the moment , as and with who is watching this or Thar , live program .
You just that a sugar made for someone .
You click on it .
They have to rrduce money money money money money from their budget a
Because of changing changes we see here , samw have have have have news .
Big Broadcast groups are go by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists abd ( the camera all around Thr world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Currently , only professional or international broadcast men can be used in Th match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However a a Trhe fact is that there is a countdowh on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen an advertisement in the newspaper amd the I am writing to express my interest in
to join your smile group on a trip around the world .
I am a year - old student in Switzerland speaking German , French and English abd the I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to manu `` `` `` `` `` countries I have made till now , I would xay that I have some experience in travelling around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from countries and I would like to explore new countries around Rhe world .
For years I have been in a scput My group in which I have learnt a lot aboht ( ( ( ( ( different kinds of fish say or to orientate ourselves in in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join a group because I am currently travelling and I 'd like to be a part of your adventure .
I look study to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was glad to hear from you .
a , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places in that country as well .
As I told you , I ca n't afford to pay for this website alone , so my fathed will put up some money to help me .
Gut so so so so so , I wanna find a job to help yim with my bills .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a small apartment to rent .
It would be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cajbridge University where I 'll study English for like 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to haering yet yet yet yet yet more from tou again .
ebst wishez
João Matos
Hi ojhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing uou .
Lastly of all , oyu should leave outside of the air termibal .
There you will see bus stops in the area .
When you get there , take a bus a bus which is hqs number 111 .
Theh ride to the bus stop is " Zličín " .
There yopu can get to the underwear station abd the the the travel to the centre of Pragie .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to let you know where we will meet exactly .
Butg now now now now now if I were you , I would have n't firs the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
really , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for Rors ypu there .
Finally , Hte weather forecast for next month was pleasant as it is usually at this time of year .
That 's why yo do n't have to wear warm clothes .
I am ddlighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion a we should go to a restaurant , because all peolpe to need a relaxing moment for work better Yhan ever ever before .
Firstly , we can discuss what type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a light fast foosss ' ' as they are studying at university , because they do n't have Tije , to cook food , for these reasons I think tat , , the best restaurant is somewhere when htey . . . . . do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains couree : bakdd potatoes , steamed vegetables anr for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture , so maybe we might choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or les a relaxing environment but in the atmosphere is very impprtant fkr dinner snd I think thst we must voet this , because we will hqve a goof night or not depending thew type of atmisphere we choose .
In Also , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very fkrsss us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , while in this type of environment a we can speak about us , our family , or our hobbies and all people get to know new somethinhg about other mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates : , , . , too .
You called are the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because tghey . . . . . arw the amasing .
I can not say how they are because yoy have to tste , , , . , then .
It is a flavour similar to staying in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth ajd the a smile on your face .
You will eant [ [ [ [ [ to come another ] .
in , if you do , with buegers you can eat whatever you want of American tood , nd the you will gt the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another food .
Transport plays a role in our daily lives .
More than a billion people pepple to to to to to see each other on buses , taxis , on trains etc as oturists from from from from , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
a , travelling by car is convenient , but it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrol , riesel and gas is quite high in most countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in other ways :
1 . Peole to to to to to can save on moey they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they hwve inexpensive routes across the country , and , in cities andf the the villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the xity etc .
I disagree with the first statement which we just heard , In the future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the fish and Ths poor .
Middle class is disappearing and becoming less , by say .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in Tje stone Aeg .
Public an should should be be good for our environment rather than good .
Jowadays how how how people haev different views about reading booka books and watching movies .
Some of Thdm think that books are more interesting than film versions .
I disagree with this point of video .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , rading helps to become a slightly more educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
using 's why while oyu are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , reading develops the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading a book , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine diffsrent had views , where the people are .
`` Finally , I heard it 's very important that you can easily take on book with yku and sit reading as you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way for you is through movies .
Because you can watch it with your boyfriend .
aldo so many pekple to to to to to choose movies bec they like slundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but apl these aer not important for me .
I suppose books ade better than those film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to sau when when when I say that reading is really great thing .
A girl was walking home .
She went to her mum ..
in to of a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the gurl noticed a cute doll in a whop .
He had blond hair anf the he was wearing a blue dresse , white vloves and black shoes .
watching she looking at her ... ''Mum I lovs 've this daughter hou bought it for me ? '' said ssid .
Her mum coukd my my my my me n't deny it to her , so she bought it .
Oh the hirl it it it it ha so many special moments Her daughter looked so adorable with each other , they wede at at at at home like twins !
Afted time time time time time for some years , the girl decided that we had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a dwepbrewth and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
At night a there heard some creepy noises from there ...
She came there ane the the rhera thing was Hte , , a doll with a knife in her hand , why . do n't you play with me anymore?are just tou just just bought me out of myself only only me just because I have only one eye?But only only only only only ytou . They removed me from the other too .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?Bvut hou did it agaij!''she the they screamed .
And then , ...
Next day , she saw her at her home and her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , I went up the ...
The girl had a knife in her back and on Tge wall there was a thing saying : " did you leave me that way ? ''
Temnis is an individuao sport .
Jusy thing thing thing thing thing you have to deal with in a game .
You can choose several places to pllay if if if you want .
You need a goo pair of shoes , a an pair pair pair of racket that has balls and a person who you can play with .
Although you may be good at playing backhand or forehand , you lose once .
This spoort thing thing thing thing about a juice is about physically power .
You need to use your rbain as well .
It is a combination of a physical power , a technique nd the a mental power .
As with other sites , tennks is becoming more modern , faster and more .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them practise tennis be of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Chjldren wo play games , not just tennis , because it is ufn , it develops skills , hard to physical health and so on .
in fun starts if yoh ar grown up ; .
It is never toi will will will be able .
where you can find a professional or join join your friends .
Enojy !
really really Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Coxci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw Ghe advertisement of Hte weekend work in yoru cafe , so I 'm interested in working with you .
I ' m Ther perfect choice for this . In in fact , I 'm knterested in diffdrent had types of food because I am Italian , and for us a food is sverything only only only only only .
In Italy , I attend school for waiters and cooking , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pxsta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I worked in many famous restaurants .
i"m really really very good at dealing with people , in fact a since I was younger , I have worked as an animator during in summer vacation of Alpignano , the cith ) ) ) where where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for male theater companies and I am so good and kibd when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
In the end , I 'm prepared to work at hoirs again again again again again , . I worked with my aunt in Nis xafe , I worked from eight a.m. until I last at 9 p.m. , it was difficult for I did it all .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In this entry today today I am going to focus on Ghe pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abrod ( ( ( ( ( can open new things of views abour ( ( ( ( ( my own learning process .
Talking the English native speakers is always a good too , , because you will be able to see how well or much you zre doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will hav to write a considerable amount of money in it and you will be sure to achieve your goal at all , so it would be abpe ( ( ( ( us to lose a real overnight well well well if you are not focused on pearning only only only the people .
From my point of view , I think Rhe advantages pass over Ghe disadvantages , especially if yolu have have have money saved frsssss it .
Now if you do not , there is a swolution with with with with with which is using the Internet to do about everything yoi need .
You can even understand the native speakers by watching some hat rooms at the are this as Skipe xnd the the others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports , handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is , of those , it is a sport that I have nwver [ [ [ imagine : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport that was for men , for girls , for once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing footbaxll ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , but , when by years ago , they started to be interested in me playing , ad the the the the the days , I love playing football witg them .
Now , some women and I started to play women 's women 's matches , so I am more used to playing the girls . I never imagune that I would be so keen on football , but now it 's part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and yhat , , . . , everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing tou should have in mind if you want to play football is that yoy have to be ready to reacive some punchss .
I recommend you a Gteat rwstaurant should which is in the shopping center .
I have gone there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantsstic traditional to the modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent abd the the thew are the waiters are so pleasant an the , gentle .
The interior is large , so all in classes could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is modern nad the , cozy , and it does have some geeat can can can can , traditional British objects .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant A Tha , it is always tasty and energy .
in Goy there are a lot of different dishws still still still still still , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too .
They 've got origibal onws , sweet pijzza , and traditional food .
There is a variety of creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , it is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could bring some tables as often as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
Ruring a whole It of famous people , such as politicians anf the film stars , gave their company called Tehm .
In my view , public people desetve to them their own takes .
In one these of them , becoming a public person associated with journals , news - media , flashes .
Famous people arte obligated to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , Tjey people people people , - people are ordinary peolle to to to , too , they make mistakes .
People are thought to be jealous .
practice is the cause of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxkc because they leave defective influence on society , which assess celebriutes by the prusm of journalisric documentary .
In the years that hanx , many stars sold their privacy to earn ajd the money .
In value of their talent , abilities are conuted on account of taboids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , living famous people do n't bring enter the limelight their life .
It has been very unpleasant for a long time ago , whereas nowadays , there sre some people who ask if transport was suppressed , qnd the society would save a lot of money .
However , people from thin out the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is th cost because the prople to who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another , and a car is very expensive .
It needs to be repaired ; then , if you have a car , ylu have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these peopoe to need to hvae on public transport for travelling around Teh country and city .
Secondly , I reason is Tye , global warming because Trhe atmosphere is much more polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contzminating than before because there are a It of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the last thing is the comfort which yo hawve a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in Rhe centre of the Icty city city ) ) .
Besides a in soje have cities , a car can no be driven in somd have cities , such as the old city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I 've gotten used to walking our my city an the my am is jut - - used if I travel around the country .
We xre living in a ever changing world .
Today 's new things will become things of Japanese in a few days .
Take an example of mobile technology , Your latest handset , with the latest configurations , becomes outdated within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a that long time and many libes have will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the point to talk about is whether it whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
In In 50 years a science and technology took great leaps , the internet , mobiles made us mofe connrcted .
Today , we have all the information at our finger - tips .
in time , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are there to help .
We heard we had to pronounce English words tonight , as we ca not find menaing of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , yoy do , need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today we have hve become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to progress people have made in technology .
a addition to that , a number of terforism , global warming and greed become top challenges of today 's world .
Climate chajges due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terorrist activities cause havoc in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power makin it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challengex still still still still still ae not addessed in coming so , imagining better among pwople to in 50 years here would be rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , on the right hand it would be a boon for us , on the wrong hand it has to destdoy the wprld as we see it has , .
to whom this may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive , energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website axnd the I immediately thought " Thqt , , , . , it 's that me , I 'm the right person for tuis kind of job ! " .
Peryaps , tou 're wondering why I should be the right persom all all all all all .
That 's quickly said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open person and I hawd a lot of experience in tjis field as well .
I 've worked as a spcial English English English English English trainer and as an educator since I to 16 .
I love going soccer and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports abd the the the outdoor activities .
I had a very great memory of experiences and I would really have to live in Thailand again .
If you are interested , please hage a look at my CV .
As you asked , I uploaded it in this email .
really thankful .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me be I have three now and I want to know them how and as fhey . . . . . are .
the same thing about my parents ; they are tired and sometimes they call me for such , sbout ( ( ( ( ( their gotten .
Concerning video - games , I agree with my tyey . . . . . though it helps children 's children to develop , but is 's controller for them be there are violent games .
now there afe brilliant scenes for children .
In my opinion , thew Internet is absolutely a rrvolution in current society .
It is common to use the Internet my work for research or google information and also connect Ahit other teachers , speak ablut ( ( ( ( ( ) abd the exchange some information .
Finally , I think technological development should make us improve in the future .
Frieds should be like a sharow are are are are are ; the way as on that .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Notjing is impossible in lofebut , there is no doubt it is easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and sodialise with people to make friends .
The fewer people you will meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When yoi find on spend a while using them , they have views , ideas on going out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say , but they share your opinions about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business , money , sports , culture , education , lifestyle , travels , the weather and the environment .
`` there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
resaders are able to express their olinion their freely .
they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As this , it is suitable for students who learn English to improve their English .
On Tbe other hand , I realised there were two disadvantageds .
For example , it is suitable firsssss children due to its official language . There wrre also a It of commercials advertisements which male readdrs the blred .
Overall , Tye Guardian is considered to be one of the best newspapers in the workd .
Nowadays , in Rhe modern and porogressive world where people sre smart and the economy very highly developed .
often have people think that we need tablet computers instead of hooks
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes when I am watching TV or I am watching a newspaper , I notice that gdagets can can become very useful for our lives . It seems to me a good opportunity to make life easier .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday lige usually usually usually usually usually is rather good .
People do to carry a lot of books in a bag a A . not say that he let a business because he has all his books in his tablet computers .
Some people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing fods our generation .
Such pepole to to to to are sure tuat , , . . , electronic things make us stupid .
They do not use tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much . when I am at home I use bioks because I like to smdll and to touch the paper of books .
I do not disagree with the people who think tfhat , tablets are useless .
We should use it but we must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to think that we should keep abresst of new technologies and try to make our relationship easier
The iPhone Mistake
This day was full of happiness and business , for something went wrong after when I told him ghat , , she is pregnant .
She was so happy ahout the ( the ( ( this news anc the ) she thought that he was be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is predgnant , he became froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would be easier to them away and avoid this conversation with her .
He trier to understand what 's going on with him .
It was to how kany `` `` `` `` `` questions and doubts came up on hix head .
- part of him to be really happy , because to be a father is his next biggest dream , for on the opther and he cokuld my my my , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stood next to him , is his girlfriend , hnis futjre wife .
He to be happy and hyg on her and celebrating is good news .
Bug so so so somehow I did n't feel anything at at at all .
All that he felt waxing anxious .
He coyld my my my back , n't handle the feeling , hen then she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew tha , she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything just wrong at Tbis moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong at this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they hsd it a conversation abput ( ( ( ( ( kids and family ans the he said that he have it to have them with her .
And now , he just avoids people and he is not happy agout ( the news .
It to be a big mess .
She was returned by Japan to the the thing he could n't handle in Japan .
They both knew that they olve each other and they cared about each other , for it to be too much for hum .
He stood up and told his girlfriend that he to did it anc the he has to be aloje The the the thing he has .
Michael closed the door and realized at that moment he had made a mistake .
To begin a beginning I am going to talk about what my my sports do and why I will enjoy the sport .
me , I do not like to do some sports during a time , but if I really need do some exercises then I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
now , I think , swimming pool is cooler .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to bexch could able able , because this is because I do like big sun and am .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming diring well well well well in summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , . it is my favorite hobby in my whole life .
Moreover , I think we kid who of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we nesd to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it then we will get dangerous while we arw doing any game .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose that kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all day .
if you really do not like to do exercise if you go to shop .
purpose of Thjs report is to outline Hte mosat about about important activities which jave been stressed in our town to protect Teh environemnt the as is the main issue to improve our city of Japan .
In the first entry , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where farmers bave been breeding hseep , cows and pifs are ' centiries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as Hgih , , , , temperatures ahd , horrible , , dropped in summer .
As a result , these websites qre difficult to preserve qnd the it is clearly necessary to maintain successful campaigns to raise people 's awareness agout ( the importance of passionate use of it .
The local government is also taking its work on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where ciitzens can spend their time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it as bad work on the recovery of those that have have arsas , which xre , are parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the managing and treatment of its waste system using the continued cooperation of most of its citizenship were concerned about its recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhbitants have to sort and recycle their rubbish by taking it out to the colored , green and blue cintainers in Everg In street .
this is Th negative point , these dumpstees aree too visible in between and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remembered fhat , , I was doing a presentation aqbout ( ( ( ( ( landscales , and Thw , ones that do it will be rewarded with a bonus point for buying anyways , using , is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the house , except me .
I got a bi ecared so I saw them outside in Thai street .
I did n't knw that a bomb hit the city and died almost , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is be this part of area I have is a very poor area ajd the it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinbuish were the Tye explosion is .
Finally a a a a a in some days a I found some neighbors with some flod to to to to , I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
We mare some incentivves about lawsa , but it to a total argument , because the group noticed that some food was missijg somehow .
I hink that someone drags some of the food on during the night while dverybody is sleeping .
So everybody is good right to try to enforce Tye , this .
The next morning I saw a piece of strak and I slept , worried about some creatures that were walking around to make us ill or eat us .
In the night I was thinking anout ( many things just as I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed thar , , , . , this guy was gassing a yump .
I stomped hil on on on on on and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came ear ; it was adorabke the the the the just when he turned into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , so we tried to alert the othets again again again and again and again for it to be too late , whether it was the group or us .
We saw that because we ate those people and the food .
In somne have have have have have ways a tuat , , . , I am robbed of food in Fhe night and I wake up it was good for me .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
FOING EXCETCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any exercise ? Thiw , is a big problem for society abd the the The thing is Thd , , problem makes the main reason why Mexico is Hte country with more obesse in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you exercise you ceel well with one one 's body .
There 's a It of benefits here , . It goes in hand with doing exercise like reducing or taking up of your weight , it helps you the heart , diseasd , problems with your body , and also you . make a lot of fish while doing any exercise .
Now , ther 's a lot of different types of exercise , you can practice at similar still , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or do crossfit or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where youj . make a lot of lots , you can stay fit , but you wlso the need sxome have have have have have skill because it 's hot and easy to control Tue ball on the dribble you 're rivals on Thue field .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you have exercise .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't return it .
Is there any ruture with with having transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about rhe public , of whom are to be disaplearing , though we still have to deal with the different opinions about an increase in travelling .
This vomposition explains the two different poinions came came came came came .
got , a car is that convenient because it is free .
Also , outside public traneports such as busew and underground , you have much more comfort and spoiled .
Tyere / is a peeception that a car can givr some some some some some you the freedom of choice .
On Thd website of The Scottisb Government ( publicatjon " Young pdople to to to to to and transport " ) , a 12 to 14 - old boy explained « " I prefer living in the US , it 's fast ...
There 's not as many peope to to to around Yku ... I pfefer if the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although they are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
In a way , cars incdeases pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons sre expensive .
Then join owjing In In In to look for a car by looking into your car , insurance , tax , etc .
a would benefit me if I did it in Edibburgh , for I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» I am a 17 - 22 year year year year year year but lovely .
Now , secondly , travelling by way is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to Fhe Saigon Times , there ars a lot of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear tghat , , if they took a bus or , if they were drunk , it would not have as many accidents .
Also , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Caqnada , Japan and so on , have built a public system , so these traffic jams have been decreased .
As a result , the economy has been improving .
From this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public an is that important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagtee when when , " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship It is my opinion .
Even though being comfortable is crucial in relationship , telling the truth may be considered to hurt others ' feelings and is unhealthy .
Another reason for not telling ths truth is if it is about people matter and it would feel awkward to mention to colleagues or something else .
It is better to tell a little white lie right now ' .
To further illustrate the first point , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if slme have have have a woman you are acquained wearing inappopriate clothes that fit the occasion .
People usually told the , told her the truth , since it could make them feel .
Instead of doing so , people often praise her the other things about her .
In this case , they could still make conversions using boiling hrr on on on on on mod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private , since a while of time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people , or even people tuat , , , . , just to get acquainted .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to them , well . I might say a little white lie about my usual days do does not matter too much .
If I was having a day fofs to go to a doctor , I would prefer other poeople to to from asking details agout ( the ( the ( by saying tha , , , , , I just had somr have have errands to do .
These are the two opinions of mine regarding telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I appeared in school playing happily with each other in class .
When we were in class , suddenly Lichael suddenly walked to the door .
Michael closed the at which he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Due to tjis , we're then called to meet the hsadmaster , , .
I could n't understand why we needed to mset the headmaster just because Michael hae it closed the door .
The door wo n't break or pidces or gell down .
My curiosity hd of put me into a big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
As sometimes , things do n't happen as I hoped .
I ended up getting expellee from this because my teacher and the classmates suspected Muchael and I had stolen our classmates - Sallh 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and also taking at us fluently without out giving any up for us to speak or do .
I finally realised that everything to a trap and we 're lucky and not - at all as we fall into the tyrap , .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands as we told Tge , school .
Although , one day later a Teh , headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next .
It is because Rhe teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
My name is Bianca Padovesi , asnd the I have read your advertisement for the jib .
I consider I am the right person for this job . a , I speak fluently and clearly , which is very important to speak .
Since of this , I have a good relationship with little kids , I use to look after my niecew ajd the the the nephwws are are are are are over the weekends and thwy . , . . . to spending time with me . I am very energetic , always always and readry . . . . to work hard .
yet , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of me , as I can invent , anhd the entertauning games for the kids to have great fun .
I have been making puzzles or games for my imply running , ; my me for the kids 's development .
I am not that good at cooking for myself , because I nevr hav time to dedicate tile more more more more and more on that .
I tjink that if I watch it ans the learn now to do it I would learn that fast and . dominate it .
Thyat , is a good quality of mine , I learn things very fast and I can understand ourselves like Hew Thung .
I am very excited abput ( this job and I hopefully it 's soon .
Bianca
Today is November 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , so we went outside the sjelter we we built abd the the in the wall near to Thd shelpter " safe zone " and if Thefe . is doing Tht , , needs supplies he would find some software and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and went in the forest , there were a lot of other other people on our way there were various guys that were doing , we . n't do anythinh only only only only only except for . going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish abd the ( some of us were # allergic to spme plant , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other sturf oeople jad problpems with .
I thought thta , , , . , maybe my genes were actually immune to the infcetion I cluld my my my life actually be the # revooutionary guitar that helps everyone that was in my # skepyick and I was totally positive abkut ( ( ( ( ( it , but notwithstanding this , I could my n't actually sacrifice myself because I have to think about is it help thed sntire world or ust save a grlup the deciusion sas in my hads it was # conventional to help the entore world but I do n't wany to die . while I was thinking about thgat we foynd a body it was a familiar bvody from someone that was in thw group one of those guys we wqnted to find and laive not dead his fac was all rotten and eaten away by ghe walkers .
We needed to find ones that were still alivr or at lrast tell us as hwppened it it to everyone , using # for against daughter , it started because everyone was hungry and we havwn't eaten anything in days and that could lead us to two things : we or eaten aqay the by a waoker so we needed to ifnd something that was a # nutritional baded food where we coul eat with no problem and be ok .
We went to a pharmacy and a restroom where we could could go a restaurant and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We went to the left and there were no walkers inside so we ran into Rhe pnarmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night . I needed some rest xnd the then I sent to sleep immediately .
In my area , therw are many railway lines nad the they 're often overcrowded .
Bug recently recently been a private apartment in Thjs town is Yst recently recently recently recently My recently recently , as in a result that Turi is the town of FIAT , is well known true .
Near to home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy out all that you meed to live .
When yoh have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you do that in any tobacco shols which youe are .
If yiu shop shopping , in the perimeter of the court , there are some gig supermarkets , which hold many items of the maib `` `` `` `` `` Greay `` fadtories of Europe and above .
Like all in industrialised countries , a connection to Fhe Internet is granted almost every by each area or each building .
In the end , the taxi are pesent and they go all through the town , but this service is less organised and developed by the English ne system system system system system .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politiciajs or peoplle to who work in the music industry deserve to have a normal life , except not to be under constant observatoin .
To me I am there from be a board the paparazzi working aqnd the the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion a a a bkg stars should be able to make memories and write some private diaries .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one person who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people waiting to take pictures , which shows them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a party of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take this into account .
But on the other hand , there were some inviokability spheres of life that were without journalists following them all the time .
in rare fragments of life without an eye of a clear This be an opportunity to live a life , not for famous people .
I know thag , , , . , catching a celebrity doing celaning they or taking a dog for a walk is a shofking piece news by people who read newspapers .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are as normal people as any of us only has lore about money in their bank accounts a
So , as you can see , I disagree with the statement that known people , who aee recognizable , deserve to have a private life ability of share normally be given to them .
The Maz Runner
I recently watched Thjs new film based on some of Rhe books of this well known author .
As I hasve an interest in thrillers , I decided to gibe some some some some some of some of them .
In the poster of `` In There already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery that motivated me take the decision to watch this film .
in a film stars by putting yourself in the face of the ' character , who is a 16-eyar - ol boy who finds himself imprisoned in a caye ) and has translated to what seems to be a camo .
He has no idea why he ended up there .
in watching , he soon realizes that ghis is not a normal . , as it is located next to a giant and mystery mwze `` `` with .
The people who live in the camp take up xifferent had roles in these to survive and detend themselves ffomsssss the menaces of the maae .
He to be in control of a runner , Thr people responsible for exploring the mazs `` `` `` `` and looking for an exit of this vacation .
Stipl , they only have the bright time to explore Tbe mawze , as when the sun goes odwn it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better anc the better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters diswcover somethin only only only only only tyhat only , only , , hiding inside the maze .
I heartily recomend entry entry entry entry entries to anyone who wants to havw a rush of fun while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one disappointed .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could can do it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life-sport for everyone .
I olve the speed of volleyball , mosr the most of the time it 's quick and if you bpink you probably miss something , Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of they are in that amount of time snd the the the the then there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a gwme go until 32 - 30 , ans se te energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally a winning such a set can make me feel like I do anything , but when I do n't , it still leaves me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , Hti it harder , want , set better , and even in mkre about different methods .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there wre that friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to likve you you you you you .
One It of them will be on Wednesday , then be taken .
Of course , garbage is sorted amongst dirferent had bins .
using / is a very good idea , be that robbish undergoes recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way xollected garbage .
Everybody cares about cleaning in the front of the house anc the the garden .
Especially looking out is some of cloours still still still still still xnd into odlrs that that that that that .
New Eltham hqve beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Green rime in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bdar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagnj , a little town near Cxtania located under the Etna vllcano slopee , though I thought that testaurant should should should have easily been best I haev eaten in .
There were twl rools , smpking Rpom or a non - smoking room .
Tbe surroundigns were rustix , yet it still felt xiry and cosy , the waiters were that friendly and informative .
As I to English with my father Moreno and hks ? , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina as much as as before , it was very tasty .
Aol The The Hte ingredients wer still fresh and of the highest wuality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , for the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant be a little expensive .
But I highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal will be a little expensive and I will no doubt be bazck out out out by other diners .
Drugs is a topic that has a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our society since ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances thqt , are really well - known by all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a used argument by peopls to who believe that tihs measure could solve the problem of the excludion .
Margination has a lot to do with the illedgality of this activity .
Also , this illegality is the cause for the attractio of drugs because thd majority of peoppe to to use drugs because they are hungry . anr the its prohibitoon is very stimulating .
A real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addidtion really really really really really Thxt , , , , . destroying our lives .
I hink everyone has proved some kind of illegal thing , to hxve fun , make friends or try to prove them , nd the I do not believe that behaviour is weong can , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear tyat , , , . , it is not something exceptional and not not that part of daily life because it is very dangerous as we have people who are able to put deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or bad .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great , I 'm so happy to hear that you azre coming to Eaudi Arabia , I 'm ginned to be glad to see you after a long time .
Byt so so so so so unfortunately , I 'm doing an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you , but yu can wake me up Fhe this at 1:30 a and then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight forward onto Aljameah stdeet Ghen . turn right beside the farce of LAU University , after getting down from the bridge you 'll see the school on the right .
So excited to see ou !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
really Les ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If uou want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barceloma , where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is at one of Seven Wondrs of in World .
In Madrid a yoy can go to visit museums , like the Reina Spfía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you wang want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari , or Doñna Nztional Park , where in that period you can see Sxome migration birds .
If I were you and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spaun , I would spend one week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I 'll hoe or help or you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is Tbe elder son of the Simpson family .
Bart is twenty years old and is a Filipino American child .
He has yellow skin amd the he has big eyes , He is blond amd the he has gotspiky haur .
Bart alwaus The wears a red T - shitt ans the blue shorts .
The most recent thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in Japan . `` this reason he is qlways misbehaving .
His parents and ths school principal took taken him .
Baet is an energy and clever student , but he is also a bad student anf the he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has eventually a heart of gold because he to jis sistee My My My My My , as she needs him .
In the Simpskn family all the characters re very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
`` me , Bart is funnier than Yomer , although Mist magazines say that Homer is the best character
It was a dreary heavily Sunday morning .
I was n't in Thai until I went to karaoke , anyway .
Everything suggested thbat , , , , , I was n't vetted or out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , I heard a heavy knmock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would havered it it if it would ever bothered to pay me a visit ? ( It is bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were resolved quickly , for in , a Nan on my threshold yelped : " I have a it for Mr. Samson !
" I was a little surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the TSXT .
At first , I had observed Tbe letter unconsciously , for then I noticed my friend 's name in it .
Although , I had n't seen him for a short time , this letter was used past will and I learned that I received a goor deal of money .
Fifty tjousand pounrs , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
now , the task I hzve chosen is about Fhe rown where I have been staying for last years .
Wctually recently recently recently recently recently , this town is located in Thailand , middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothered about rubbish things thet , do every day .
First of all , they are dirty by nature .
they are very casual about the environment znd the the importance of cleanliness .
So called people of good nature are inactive anfs the talkative and gossip about others but not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
All the household nearby the public throws their diaries get things easily xnd the the the wven . do n't bother about the current of the mumicipality .
I see many of these during my morning walk .
in thing I feel is that anyone who is staying there today should at least them them their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upset about it snd the whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look fof their feedback for they are actually the same in nature .
People ard , self - crntred and very narrow minded .
in this , they are becoming so educated , in real sense a Theu . . . . are still scared .
Dear rms. Wshby ,
Yesterday a I was in Green Peppsr Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your area .
I am very interested in Tfhis work and believe rhat , , . . , my employment here is appropriate for it .
I am a tourism student amd the I nded to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
I havd spent a year in London as a worker in Hard ock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Caf in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I know how to lrepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish meat , fries , hamburgers , Japanese pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have nevsr [ [ [ had a complaint here !
I have total availability on weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
lease , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking vorwards to talking to you about the possibility of working in fhis position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for hou .
Thank you for your kindness and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
Madía Luisa Castaneds del Acun
Now , public transport has become a major topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supportee in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developed countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , Cr ownersihp of hazve increased over recent decades , reducing the number of peopke to to to using public .
The possibility of teavelling people in their own cads is mucfh mire convenient than getting by a bus full of people or even worse , thd , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Neverthelews ever ever ever ever ever , you have not of to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they may be afraid to travel by any means of using . These are the ones provided by the lkcal goverhment .
There arde countries where gas is so expensive lately , , people choose to pay Trhe bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
, people in countries with less income turn to using services because it is a way to reduce overall expenses .
Because of this , Th future of public transport depends on the usage of people using it .
There will be countries in which which it no , use it , and in others where they need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fsat ' ' - - - and cheap solutuons help help help help help .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's just here in your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffer because of Ther rain or the snow .
But if you aee sleepy , tired , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , ytou can find it easier to take transport .
in almost mire enjoyable : yo can relax listening to music amd the , looking around , or read newspapers and books .
Is n't it faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic had cars and buses at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses run faster .
Speed trains are always faster than n't .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
But , if we considwr all the expenses ( buying the car , paying for the insurance , etc . ) , maybe they are mot so much cheaper .
In fact , in every aspect I I I I saw ate , at the , .
What zbout ( ( the environment anf the ) the quality of life in the citries ?
Public transport is absolutely more .
So , even if travelling by car may be mord convenient at a personal level , public goods haa of to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
this really correct ? CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Tbank so so so so so you for yoru letter .
I am delighted to hear ylu are thinking about wlrking they them in the .
Crom through through through through through my experience working at the Internagional company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such an activity was on the 2nd of July , when they went for a relaxing day at the festival .
Luckily , you got Ghe chance to practise your dance skills .
In my case , I used it to translate a good amount of of English , and also help English natives to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience hou will probably be disappointed .
All I asked to do the rest of the time was to take at cwlls and can coffee for tourists .
All in all , Tge experience was beneficial .
I made a lot of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
Shen time times time time time you decide what to do , do not hesitate to letg me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks I haqve been really sore fokrsssss Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nervous .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For no single thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The oen that that that he dates is Angelina , not Malima , using the prohlem too too .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not anymore anymore .
Anhd now now now now now he has of of of it to put a stop to this without hjrting on it on anybody .
So yes , the decision is maximum .
He 'll back up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It alp started in such an idiotic way .
The door of hjs room opened , he came out of the bathroom with the juice - by a towel zround around around around around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a ilghter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Miek ca n't really say why they ended up leaving [ New Zealand - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself fprsss the the not having balls to date the girl he lved 've ) ) ) ) because of all these religious things , Malika 's familh and so on , but this is what happened .
And that definitely was the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realise tat , , , , , .
Only after , as Angeina had left , Michael clozed out out the front back and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
really Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply fkrsssss in the post of a summer camp councellor currently aevertised on your website .
At the moment , I have passed my second year of elementary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I get valuable experience by doing his job , which will be very useful for me .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is that too .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I did it at a scout campus .
Moreover , I used to work as a voulnteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help them with their homework .
I am hardworling , rsliable and well - organised and I take control of difficult situations . I am talented as it comes to entertaiming peopoe to , I might come in very useful in my goal as a summer camp fan .
I am alszo The , an accomplisged sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lkfeguard .
I attached a refverence entry from Tomasz Jaworska , who to my boss at the scout camo .
I would appreciate an opportunity to describe my suitability for thks job in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk abouf ( my school life .
I 'm seventeen years years old and I 'm an electonics student in Italy , in the north .
I want to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of last year this year .
Recently a I started studying English in particular because it is in mpst about about about about about native language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from those countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths andx the the electronics field , afe the the subjects thag , , , , , which I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hlpe to be have one one day .
The big problem in my class is , the majority of my classmates : ghey . . . . . are hopeful at school and then , waste time doing nothing at school ane the as I find even at home .
The tie that more makes me is that they copy all of time are me and the other poor students .
a , I do n't hate them at all ; Thet arw very funny and kind people when they did at at at all .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am gling up up up up up to take Ghe intermediat certificate and then I am going to try enter this school even if I know thqt , , , , for it 's very difficult ; the Imperial College of London is one of thw lost importang uinversities in the whoel world .
uperquitour : A great experience for your nouth up up up up up .
Nowadays , it is difficult to meet people who enjoy food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos they can gain ahd all that stuff .
I arrived at Mexkco City one month ago anr the I met a friend friend who in this , recently .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' Tfhe Pueruqitour ' was born .
It been long time since a brainstorm about meals and plafes to visit began .
The first day has a date … Taco Xay !
Tfacontento was the place we xhoose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by folded beer .
Due Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it the Diaja , one of my friends from Vancoyver .
Agwin time time time the time we saw Tacod , for time they were very different .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chuke a and the tacos are as yummy there .
It meanhs thzt , , , . , they hace different types of tortollas -vanilla , strawbrry , chipotle , nopa , abd the wslnut , among others- ane the the salssa -tamarinx , guva , mango , ugacamole , etc .
Then we we finished with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma during a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch Thw art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The last day was some of my favourite , the fun is sooooio nice and in the performance and even the attire of the waitresses makes you ferel you into the 50s .
La Pqpa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes by famous women and lovely rinks .
Totally recommended !
Mar zaul Resturajt , in the area of Mexicxo City , was allocation against against against on the fourth day of Puerquitour .
food is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded shrmp , fish fillet ajd the the shrimp al Pastor ane the the coconut qater .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . a place ? … El asadedo Hidalgeunse .
You havr to be starving to eat a nolcajete by yourself , it is just too much for ohe person , so if you did not eat breakfast it is a godo option or uou can share it with an American company as I did .
Do n't forget to pay for a cup of beer .
Amost now now now now now a week in Puerquitour .
The second day was to celebrate Mlagda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already gave it to get a Master 's Degree ; and the farewell of Vicentw , who is already USAx , and that I will go to UK .
Since we ate the food , we celebrated eating in Mlemelas Pub .
Gou as as as as if you ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , Tjat is kike huarache , but bigger abd the that delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a friends in the USA , we spent a lot of time together .
Seventh day started with a really nixe breakfast , gourmet sandwiches snd the rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan to to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrfobar for all the good comments ablut ( the ( ( ( it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to go out at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Speciql accopmanied by black bwer .
The last day of The Puerquitour finished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks xnd the a long Tlak , about mothing only only only only only abd ( everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with the people I lkve 've 've 've .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
In first two chapters extracted from Great Espectations by Charles Dickens a introduce a young boy known as Pip .
a child has been held by her sister , a person who mistreats her and has her own husband .
Sadly , Ppi haa no fortune in any possible wy with .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , you should be a kind and intelligent cook .
He does not usually like complex words when he talks , but he uses Thdm , , when he narrates .
in , his life , it would be perfect to write a dark comedy based on the undesirable thing what being being a person who does not feel uncomfortable when he visits Thew tombstones of his padents .
Obfiously , nobody would like to live a lif, 've but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading chapters and , finally , have him .
At least , I feel sorry frsss him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy thta , , . . , lives in hell an the the the the , and , the Devil is his take .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the live protagonist and Tghe way to tell the story is the reason why the story is true for the reader .
Actually , the harrator is or the protagojist , but tells the story in an aqdult way .
Then the first thing the author does is try to describe the protagonist with words , but with aqctions just just words .
The narrator does not use any words of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , Tue narrator jainly uses direct speech , but he used indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be heard at Tfhe start of Fhe first chapter , in which Ths narrator hears the thief writing that he said that he would get him in file , and that he was gotten up , the broken bits of food he bought , anx the the the the the he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from tis , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
a voice is in first you to and usrs of a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees ahd the as he thinks about it , but he does not nave any omniecient poser .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situztions currently currently currently currently currently a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes hjs parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , sore , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creativce thoughts qre spread alo over in tezt , , accopmanied by even more gwisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes Th man who stole hin as man who of the developed hobbies in in graveyard just because he saw ( hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of He They seem to be nuhappy , living a sad and boring life that puzhes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Moe .
if the narrator does make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuss on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she is worried more xbout ( ( ( ( ( because their neighbors think about people rather than worrying about Yhe person who lives in Japan at their house .
The narrator to her as a woman that has gotten a poor reputation for being aggrdessive with her little brother .
And we them that Jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a nild , gooe - natured , sweet - tempered , hard - going and foolish , but that is all we know ahout ( ( ( ( ( of .
a , in the way Fhe characters have it is supposed to be the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not less than more Rhan sentences , with the only exception of the thief Trhat , , who talks aboug ( ( ( his partner in twelve long sehtences with complex structures .
using / / this kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with shirts and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second episode :
" My sister , Mfs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than me , and ad the it established a great reputation with herself abds the the neighbours because she ha it taken me up " by hand . "
Having at that gime a to remember for myself what Tne expression means `` `` , and then hr it on it to leave a hard and heavy hand , anr the to be go in the habit of lying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery amd the I were boty brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , dialogues are simple and shorter :
" No thing we heer has has , " he said , " the question is who will yhou to be let to them . Yoj kbow
What a fgile It it it ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" really , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of menfal verbs and bastract conepts words that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The thing Mrsh has has pointed at in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the cialogues are written exactly as they were said .
A thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more real .
this , in the way this novel is narrated is Tghe protagonist .
The events arfe nartated in a mysterious way , telling us what happens in a realistic story - line withut ( ( ( ( ( flashbavk .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second dhapter entry makrs reference to the first and reveals things abut ( the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
Yhe narrator reveals not so much about himself or his personality , but he writes agout ( ( ( ( ( the essentoal only only only only only things we should know through Ghe text .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
now , I do know how the story to end .
a It of mystery and just one pair of glasses . can be seen in these chapters .
really I them is thbat , , , . , in the story will hav a happy ending .
Probably , the probably be a thief will probably probably take Pip on an unwanted traveling trip that will make hjm grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip at home as he leaves at the hraveyard .
Like another vrick in Thd wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is sriting .
This is obvious when he makes reference to fact , tjat , , . , photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequenly , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is lore , ahat , , ( the author is trying to transmit something .
If the story has a yappy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Snna knew that it to going to be a day for her .
She hax of been waiting so tired for this day to come .
It was the day when she to goibg to meet her biological mother .
if knew she was adooted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because Sje loves her parents , and she feels loved by Thdm .
Afgter time time time time time on her 18th birthday , Anna noticed a sudden need to follow what happened to her bilogical mother and why she could n't make Abna go .
After searching the Filipino papers , she contacted the adotpuon sgency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of Ghe , a biological friend of " her little sister who had a daughter , because she needed to know if her bilogical mother be a matcb firs a kifney transplabt " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her her name and the contact / number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she hae the courage to dial that number .
decided stressed several times because shs was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few minutes , a woman picked up the phone .
In the beginning , Anna did not say anything , nor could I hurt any wound .
But then she said " nello , my name is Anna ajd , and I think yoj aee my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna hrard , the doctor 's mother , started crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the Nezt dah in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna was able to finally close a chapter in her life and that is why she knew it was going to be a special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer a I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was angry angry be my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my my friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Saneman , a Swediah singer , was on Holidxy in Sardegna , near my hotel !
I loved him wnd the my dream was to meet him , for I felt it to be impossible and I did n't wabt to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
unexpectedly , on the third day , during which I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the sea and fewer cameras , but at that moment I found they were making a video .
really , I realised ths boy at the centres was n't a boy , he was Frlix !
So I went towards the crowr and when he saw me he smjled .
It 's really excitingb !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed here for a few days abd the the time I spent the best day of my day , watching home some questions and singing his songs .
When he left I was sad but ; , really happy .
This was certainly the least exciting time of my time $MERGE_SPACE
L'Alebro , the Bestf Oizza Wext of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants tgat , I am always hungry for is L'Albero Puzzeria , located in the Huelin neighborhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know Tje pizaza is going to be good .
The walls ard covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is therw , are too many dictionary choices on thw , there are are , it is often difficult deciding as to rder on .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try Te Rose Wind Salad . It 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main thing , you ca n't go wrong ordering any of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian lizza oven .
Besdes the nice atmosphere and the delicious eating , Rhe service is comfortable and efficinet .
The staff is very helpful in explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices arw incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per Japanese person for different dishes , drinks adn the the dessert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great coffee fots good English and value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to visit in Germany for young people from different countries .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent residetn in the area .
It seems tgat , , Ths majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Templw In In In In In In In Bar .
It pffers a wide variety of activities - museums , a cinema , a very handsome greeh garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnjie Vox Puh was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , see the dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one semester .
Oxeon is a cinema that offers a medium choice of movies in 2D aqnd the 3D anc the a discount for students on Wednesdays .
in Dulbin Wax Musehm was suggested by many students .
Several peopke to said that National Botanic Garden is Fhe best place for students to meet anf the spend time outdoors .
On te whole there sre activities to take part in ahd many places to visit depending on graduate differences aznd the the finances available to them .
It is true ghat , , people everywhere like watching sports .
Splrts started being admired by youth and imprinted a model of life on Fhe young 's minds .
In this essay a both of the points stated above will be analyzed before my own oerspective their is provided .
From one point of view , top athlete ade good models to emulate for several different reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of watching athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols then then then to follow professional sports .
These of them will want to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve a goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for people to follow .
From this perspective , sometimes professional athleets are not good role .
Firstly , port has become business .
Many sports sites we use are only about money and fake things .
This often leads adolescents to believe tyat , , , . , money and fame are an important part of sorts rather of learning to to plzy if if if if if well and having to have fun of grammar or competition .
Secondly , these are those athleets who behave disgustingly .
`` exams , should take drugs or exam in order to win at Asny visit .
It goes without saying , that Thid , , or or of someone would would would would send a wrong message to the woman .
In Also , and arw a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professiinal sportsmen as good role models for your peole to .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professiinal athletes can be excellent dolemodels for in youth , as long as they reprwsent the positive benefits of playing sports .
Dickens ahd it the Thw and Bronte sisters using the zame style : a realistic style .
They are influenced by the surrounding area in which they live : Dickens of the city of London a while Bronte sisgers Thes , the natural landscape of Ghe Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brote often used the person as narrator or in the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes Athos ahd the the the the comedy , like characters that rented out to be caricatufes of the vices and virtues he was to portray , while the Gronte sisters use an ealistic style laced the Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagoinsts that are psychologically ckmplex .
The graph illustraztes the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
Of give , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked far from nearly 60 grams per person per person to roughlh $ $ $ $ $ $ 230 grams per person per person .
From Te 4 sources eaten , 3 of them remained in a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumption showed little dhange during the period , beginning and starting at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
Both have consumption and the category labelled used had a devline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overal , with consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and bee consumltion falling fropm aruond 230 grams pr person pet week down to just oiver 120 grxms psr perzon pet weel .
Chicken had was the only source of meat consumption which included vegetables , climbing from 150 grams fewer the Japanese per week to the highest conumption 250 per person per week .
in , it is taken from the countries Rhat , Xome have sectors declined , others also , and one remained steady consumption over the 25 - so span .
really Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavroc .
I 'm a postdoc at Russian Canfer Research Center .
I have works about Qlexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation I mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work for a postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysus while working in the fied of cell biology , please please help me to : . contact you .
in conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestiom that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master technical and research skills .
Not to mention the particjpation in pioneering studies .
My work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cvell-contacts and in actin cytowkeleton Thta , , which take place during the neoplastic transformation of epithelil cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One the description of dissimilarities in organization nad the the regulagion of adherence junctions associated with difterent had types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithepial cells .
a , I studied acfumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actinb isoforms within adherence jmunction in normal normal the transferred cells .
in addition of this ibvestigation I hav obtained some promising results which I 'm going to present at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm also preparing materials for the next publictaion .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There ar my CV ands the a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitry Lagrov
P.S. Here are my CV and some of my paler in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historival theme which is my favourite of , I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself that much .
I walked through the whole city , through its beautiful squares ahd the pxrks and I visited its numerous churches , including Thr cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugi worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around Te Roman Wall , which was named a protected UNESCO World Heritage Sote site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lhgo is very beautiful .
There arde a It of shops which tourists asnd the visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many rwstaurants should where you . sit delicious and typical dishes , for during octopue During during during the during the during During During .
In Luto , many traditional parties ad the festivals take place .
makes the most thing thing importantly thing is I can advise San Froilán anf the the Arde Lucus .
`` On 4th to 12th October a Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
A Froilán is a festival of national Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galiciwn customs and folklore .
An important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Lugo became the 3rd cetury ) ) ) ) ) went once again , so you can go to Roman circua , Celtiv weddings , artisan supermarkets , many musical events taking you anf the the local people and visitors to get info about period cosyumes , sushi this this these as gladiators and Romsn Emperors .
I recommenmd entry entry entry entry entries you visit Luyo in June be Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can use traditional Roman cusfoms and Romsn life in Wrde Lucus .
Lugo is the the most incredible ciyt ) ) ) ) ) and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , including my store which anf the the precise periods of Thd history of Spain , such as Thr Veltic period and Thge Roman period .
The bigger the matter , bigger the things .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agylomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
Cjty X " hss of no specific waste disposal plan , for a federal law establishes a due return until 1st July .
Despite this , there arw a cew are plans to inxrease in Gren areas nd the revitalize the town .
Fhe city is is working on implemenging new measufes to pass the Council 's goals .
Yhe analysis will be of evaluating the Council 's eco - friemdly proposals .
In accodd with the aforementikned , the amount of garbage produced by the between 2007 adn the 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discardd inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of Ghe " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal things . "
City X " incineratese hospital residie , in accordance with legal requirements , and then 7% of its garbage goes to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joined venture with the municpiality to skrt waste , znd the the results show a result 20% better than last year .
The program repfesents 2% of the employment in the city , using it to expand .
There hax many projectz such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to raise improve didposal in the public areas .
Another one is using , " Lt 's make it green " , responsible for increasing Thd , Greebs 's arews of of within Tne cit by 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in refkrestation of rural and communal areas .
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amiunt of all vegetables in Th metropolitan area .
A majority saste policy integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to aolve the current problem .
The two neesd a joint venture to support a functionao and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
An increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in Yhe quality of life , according to the USED report of 2012 anc the this also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by thi lack of training , which can be resolved by traiing , , offered in the sureounding universities .
It is a giod idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , be you fans have told of nrw that are from experiences .
For example , you can travel to different places .
Another idea is that you can be American , tou can find a job and it may be a while before you begin university .
At a time , sometimes epople to to to to to arr tired when they finish school because of Tje exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You . If I travel to different countries if hou have time , I 'd like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But uou need to earn money if you want to travel , so yiu can work and then travel .
You . fund work as a waite or in a shoo .
However , some people think yuo should go to university immediately after you finish this because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned on this site .
But I think you can only learn if you travel or if you did so too , is a hood idea ; , especially if you are doing something related to what you it want to study .
We live in a time when everything passes quickly .
A development makes people believe that in the future everybody will be watching xcience - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have a opportunity to choose which place we want to live in .
Abd now now now now so what ablut the ( ( ( ( houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining myself , I seeded everything different .
In avant - garde ahd the futuristic projects are the most desirable .
The home will have the shape of a slhere or an iglo .
Some of them might be turned down .
Sometimes this will be some kind of a modern model and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines andc the robots the attificial intelligence .
Tney will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like a strange human .
Usually there will be no normal furniture , just a machine waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see a home of me .
Glad to hear that yoi 've beeh invited to attend the latest round of interview next month !
I really hope to get together with you day !
To make sure yo ger can do the position successfully , here rae some useful advice and information yiu might want to know .
At an interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great purpose . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , dress as properly as possible .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the Tye formal occasion .
Auitable dressing comes across as effective and comfortable .
Also , English is punctual .
Interviewers havge to cope with the tight schedule every day so they zre n't willing to spare one moer minute to waiting for a xandidate someone who 's late somehow .
a , Bieng got prepared .
As the saying said said , well prepared is hard done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper people and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied fots as sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviweing you .
He started out as career as an accountant , for he got fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
For a thing , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges as so he transferred to Tge Dales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly be he brought forth new ideas and facilitaged the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the trxck they they received and the capabilities shown in Yhe previous working experiences , so he might ask you may have questions like what you achieved ane the how yoh felt about your current job .
I hope Shat , I mentioned above will be of some help to you .
looking forward to hearint yet from you again .
Lots of Love ,
Oris
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer cwmps all over Teh USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , I am probably deemed cheerful , energetic aznd the the the the ahrd the working , I believe I am a suitable suit frosssss Ther aforementioned position .
Additionlaly really really really really really hard , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunting and paper chases .
Moreover , when I was an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , anr the then I progressed to the position of cook .
Because of these points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to one an area of what is only given Andres 's outstandung overall performance .
Yet , oftentimed , being overly respecfful may play against him and although he has given in respect of all Thw people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everybody 's because nad taking ownership fir otjer people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about Fhe marriage , that is to say , social trends , pooulation statistics such as ags the , gender and family type , potential customers anjd the the competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , as well as to meet customers ' needs .
`` using this , I would make a list of target market and devices that have strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young pepole to 's awareness , my strategiex could be to increase online social presence by postng regular updates about my language on Twittdr and Facebook or to use siscounts for people .
Also , if my goal was to increase adults 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering extreme courses could prlve or would would be successful .
, if Targey markets to both young peopld to and adults , offering discounts for family members could be a better choice .
A last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced ajd the qualified teachers . then to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Luckily a but , - lwast , I would test ideas ane the the approaches on customers ane the them to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And tou ?
Have you never thought about whether can promote language curses for while ?
I challenge uou to think about it xnd the the the Trh , , it .
According to recent research , there is no doubts that natural drilling tigs , natural gas pipelines anc the underground storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People were kive in Ghe areas of natural gax infrastructure earlier from a few to several poercent to longer than those who live in fewer regions where infrasrructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing a nuclear gas industry equals new jobs which is profitable for people living in Korea .
Exploration and extraction of Fhe whale glasses will create lots of new jobs in Verh different branchss connected to the gas industry for instacne in exploratiom , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fact that vompanies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create temporary jobs .
Even if companies will jire engineers ahd the the specialists come from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of people in gastronomy and hospitality cities as they need to eat sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The osciuszko Instjtute conducted research which showed that Poland benefit from extracting ahd the developing the infrastruxture of Shald .
Greece is an amazing country that a It of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation a a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Vreece can be hard as there are afe so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorin .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and Yhe , friendly locals are the only things that make it compared to other islands .
Santorini alsk The . has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth gisiting in Greexe is Athebs .
Bgelieve it or not , Athens is one of Teh `` mists `` `` beautiful vities ) in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acdopolis Museum and the Ghe district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that peolle to to to to learn to love about Athen .
Last , not least , Crete is at one of the `` mots `` `` of spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches , Geing Tue is the largest island in Greece , so day can visit the water psorts parks there , which ade extremely dun !
Shmming up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's good to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether just days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much harder to prepare for a long time before taking an exam you may take in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one thing happened , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a website to study all of the books we had to go through for the exam before reviewing them twice .
My plan required my commitment to around 12 hours daily staying for almost 3 months .
For of hard work axnd the the perfect speech , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had an orgahized plan , I would never have gotten such a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
It 's today normal to have this basic feeling of being stfessed and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at aol is having anxiety about the plethora of studies yuo baven't finished and asre included in on exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high years I though I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to pass my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had lots of time .
I had insomnia at the time of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared for : . my nerves to tear out and tnat , , , , , affected my scores tremendously .
Eve sinve I do everything in some time in order not to be overly stresse and could get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at reaching a high score , I think that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before an exam at an appropriate tims , you will only havd enough time to test the broad lines of Tbe subject , but this never has you soak in the details and understand the doncepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot , if you do n't grt the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite tired before my Ajatomy exam ; I could only go through the main totles still of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had a question which required describing a could ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced or abd ( the ( ( been told that concept before many times , I am able to remember it .
It was jut - - - floodijg without any effort .
So , fots sure having enough time to memorize and practice what tou learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
To sum up , I believe thuat , , setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much more than having only a few days to start preparation . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should first start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't yoj thibk , yo it worth getting Yhe my score we could could at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't needed for the environment .
Carbon dioxide emissions are very expensive .
The giggest threat is the explosion .
the 's economy is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are aleeady , very popular and fhis of energy is is vlosest to replace energy fuels .
Energy which we get from eun ans the the wind is still only a few percent of total energy production .
Lastly , only the construction of a nuclear power poant is expensive .
where we have a plant , Makong energy from that is very cute .
Rhe most expensive process in nuclear planning is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we ned something that can wprk all the tile .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we ran or of powerful entire cities could plunge into the chwos , and htis is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital abd the it is located overlookinf the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultfural gradition , then in it are a complex mix of racial and ethinc rgoups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest geoup and Thd minority in Lim includes Aymara andc the the Quechua and Afro - Leruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Yispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was named a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps on history through amazinh architecture like bapconies , vhurches like San Francisco Church which , which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Fekipe which is the most inctedible Spanish fortress ; through their ocstumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use watdr , paint or takc to wet your famly znd neighbor ; their typical dance dalled " La Marinera " ; also ghey krep their history through religion where you discofer the religious enthusiasm ehich is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Mulagros ; tgeir gastronomy is anmother extraordinary and wonderful example wbout theid symbos , lik Mazamorra Morada , el Oisco Aour ( wine ) , el Cevixhe , los Picarones , etx .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beachws , valleys , natural reserves anf the the Tbe exquidite fuisine five Peu 's capital of an authentiv personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectaculat for a charming city to spend your perfect time in .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best vacation adcounts for you .
Below for fans can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might give you a good offer .
Firstly , the rate of interest is at 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if uou open a saving account in that bank , you get a diary as well as can .
And yuou do not need to pay any annual charves for hacing a credit card .
Unfortunately , ths bank does n't have hranches in Britain .
And all hanking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Roywl Sawvings Bank , has many people in the UK ( over 650 ) , so yoi can make alo the business operations on spot .
But there is a separate charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per person ) .
You do ; get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of sauceoans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first English account in the iPhone Bank , since the rate of internet is higher and you do n't need to pay any charges .
And doing operations by no . , actually that easy right now too . It always gives you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is your own .
Taoe so so so so take care qnd the the weather will be nice soon soon soon soon soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahgoo.col
Sunject : An now the only thing I 'mthing only only I want to do !
My dear Pal ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen Japanese person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gzga 's concert .
It to my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the First phone rang ad the I answered and they said Thedy . wanted me to get at Thr Its concert as soon as possbile to see how good I was in the sound recording .
What do I want ?
It 's been my most since known and now I was overwhelmed when I really thought thought at me to do this for such a gdeat can , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad tjat , they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to want yoj nd the the the whole to show you my happinees all all all all all and to tell you all the details of this unique show ! ! !
Youyrs ,
Ionut
I ahve been skikng for most of my life and I am that enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six . The equipment was very basic compared to what skiers use today .
Every day as soon as I wake up I look forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us could take a couple of friends on on skiing on our own .
The temperature is often several degrees below zedo , though , amd the you would be freezing if you did n't keep moving up and down in , alope The the and the on .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , for I felt slightly uncomfortable and scared .
Starting by time I improved my writing skills and by Teh time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing be it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiuing is a grdat can sport , but I would recimmend entry entry entry enter enter xtarting as a gain , taking a few pessons with an experienced instructor and doing it on the right equipment .
Aftsr time six years of rigorous high school subjects and had experiences , I have no doubt that the differences I 've described above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in a business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high level such as financial accountinbg , commerce nd the , economics has given me Fhe opportunity to utilize and put into perspectivw , knowledge of underatanding business concrpts and it given me a solid academic founder .
I 've alxo participated in various group works and campus projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into Th universities of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I 'd love to asociate with extremely talented students , lectuters and even professors in order to receive a slightly rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be mors than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bschelor 's degree .
I alsp have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I am the president of the Business Students Associatiuon ( BSX ) , Heax Boy ( junior primary school boy ) and Captsin of Tue soccer school Tean .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply for knpwledge always always always always always gained at high school in a business setting , as well as learning communication , organisation xnd the the numeracy skills I havs acqiired it at Hiyh school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Sfholarship , I decided to make some research on zcech Republic before taking any step in applynig .
I correct put that Czech Repjblic is a country with rich possibiliyies for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing tapid social cyanges and transformaton , making it a fascinating place for those of good discipline to study in .
Czsch universities rpovides of high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campus the outstanding facilities , take qnd affordable education and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I have an opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if Tne safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , a high quality education will make me ready fots the future .
makes majkr about that I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is really first of first .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturdrs go on strike frequently , and told in Japanese Japanese of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to Rhe challenges of a university life mentally , mentally and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business courses , coupled with my passion for extra - currichlar activities andc the community service , make me a competent additgion to the any of my proposed university and the Xzech Republic Schoparship team .
I belive any that I will make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in Thai events and activities I will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I 'll axsure entry you that I will be a capable and dedifated student who has committment and dedication to the Har I I I am in order to be a graduate , I will , at the same time , contribute greatly to my proposed university in more way did .
A dog is man 's main friend
It is well - known that pople to need to communicate with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into Thr society .
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal the great qualites , a do .
A dog 's personality is one of their family 's qualities .
Always friendly , comfortable and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when a person is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget awll about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to ride back a zmile on pdople to to to to to themselves .
Ahd now now now now now that is what they are here for , to make people happy .
These haity , four - legged animals are also that protective .
One of their jobs is to watch human families .
So if they sebse Tbat Trheir osner that might might be in danger , yhey . immediately react by braking at a person or a something thing that might have caught it .
The stronger the bond between two dogs snd the their owner , Tje , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is bdlieved tnat , , , . , dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not trhat , , , . , hard to take care of , for anmd the the groomimg does n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets need a few walks once in a while , which can also be good for their workers who are slending all over at work or in school and exercise in some physically activity .
So having a doctor could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do tyhey . correct you from anything that could do you anh harm , but their amazing personality qnd the feeling of love they show to you makes you feel so warm anr the wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find something to pay little attention to as . , bye , are they truly bets ? .
Hi Jonh !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give yo some details about my experience at " Zoe Kqk adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we stayed on a tiring axsault course , which consisted of climbing up pretfy that had sharp walls and crawling through digferent which had had obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it to be entertaining .
Luckily , I 'm fit enough to do daily exercise without having any problem , a , you may have to train a little bit more before embarking on Fhis activity .
Roco climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder as I had expected , I managed to reach Te sumnit .
You ca n't imagine how reaarding the felt of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effory!. It It It It
Furthermore , yoh will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scary at first , for tour confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the activities fofered by the cejtre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if uou do n't want to miss them or that are great opportunities too , as are your trainers , for they are highly qwualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe thar , you will bave a great time there ad the I guarantee yoh , Thqt . Fhe countries can with Tue safety policies , so you will get a lot out ( ( getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this was n't hard ; it did it .
Write back back son and tell me if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited as I looked at He envelope on Ths desk in my room .
I checked Rhe address as quickly as I could amd the then I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had wrotten me aftefs by minutes !
Since she left Paris last year , I hae been living in the school residence , I was n't comfortable at all , ( it made me feel really depressed .
But I hda her letter right now , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I could use it to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her . at least two months later , she misses me a bit .
It felt so good to see that my mother haf n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet so I 've been really nervous lately , but it would be a great chance to improve my French if I spent a lot of time with my beloved mother in Yhe complete of love .
Dear Sjr / Madam ,
Application `` the Post of Chief Chinese Edtior
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26tu of January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years of working in the publicatiom industry .
Also I am working in a press as an edktor .
I am an aggressive , creagive hut , careful person who works independently .
On the other hand , I am a good team player that can work well with colleagues , a presentable person with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached have find my entries and portfolio for on referenfess .
Pleasd have me to contact me by phone on 12345678 if yoy would like to discuss my qualifications later .
I look forward to hearing are you are .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tspu
Education is a milestone in our life and receiving a good education is the main door to the labor marriage .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems aznd the the institutionalozed education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved orad " , it
is a things not is or everybody 's n't anxious that compels us to seek other route .
Homeschooling should not be considered a wpld - wkde phenomenon since only a few countries : Tye , UK ,
Canada , nd the especially Tje UDA , can go first .
There are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so fad and otgers where it is just an isollated happening .
In sdituation currently currently in Spain has been assessec as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to relax a
education Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary studies .
Educational snd the the emotional was also support this alernative way of learning .
Homeschooling may be the last time forts complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
Homeschooled students ' entries have been hacked up by rhe results on standardized of ahd the recognmition of predtigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids a yoj also have to prevent the same amount of roadblockx :
a lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization of children , ending up being a frustrated patient without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call foe educational system
systems .
a , homework never succeed if no one does not yave has the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies come up as " the
solution " and blended learning is here me .
Geographic and natural nature around Rhe building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , a future also indicates a hole between nuclear technology and energy efficient systems .
In areas exposef to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should hwve their houses built of resistznt materials .
Steel or concrete structures give the desired effect in thiz particular matter .
environmentally friendly buildings will definitely be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclzble or recycled matdrials , the exterior surface of these houses are ready to be turn by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights snd the the the solar panels on the rofos , which is moee and mote popular eveb Tjese daus .
Moreover , similar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to masimise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( suvh this this this this is such as population growth ) will be solved by expkoiting some mew have areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats ahd the the apartments situated above ) streets seem to be a perfect sopution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although peopld to to to to would may be mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a wam , cosh bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the mosg about about the important point if you awnt to play basketball .
You must be able to pass the bazll blindly to your teammate ane the then then then then he has to catch it .
an opponent has the chance to get a point .
Are yu a good team player ?
Handbvall is one of the most active sports in tjis world .
Over eighty poinrs . We can all be together in sixty minutes , if not at mode .
This shows how quickly the gqme can can change .
One kost ball van maie your tdam is the loss of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but after a while it became fun .
What I love feeling about about abotu ( ( this sport is the spirit and the unconditional of sporit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team nad the , do n't forget Fhe fun !
Triathlon : A family developed throughout my homework
It seems as if , recently , society has become more aware of the importance of prcatising a short .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we are doing a sport as an effwctive wzy with with with with with of of , the stress of our bodise .
In fact , we can see mwny `` `` `` people jogging and cycling these days , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even later .
Despite these two being the most popular spoiled things ( the aylets , mxny `` the `` kore are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a match between Thre different spirts , climbing , climbing the joggimg and as a end it be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it at home instead of having to go to a sports cented .
`` So this means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fhlly 'll it . . I 'll enjoy doing it .
Trkathlon has become more popular over the past few years and until until the morr people ars eager to try it .
where , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding show requires of and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must push yourself to be fat .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that havs , yet yet decided what field they want to study .
However there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the argumengs in favour of the year off .
Nit been been so so , evereybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn moneg `` `` to help with the bills is time well spent .
Nut so so so so so that it is for the usual reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this is to traveling to other countries and write all your time at parties , for this is not true , you travel to develop yoru culture and do volunteer work , so you become a better person .
On the other hand , Japanese teens who have a year off end up taking it in tonight , tonight tonight .
For example , things might have not been as they had expected or for multiple reasons such as , having out day or , getting a job .
In conclusion , people take a year off , but only when tired . havfe all olaned nd the the the they have are the fvorssss the shore too , they have the possibiklity to do somethibg only useful with their time .
Hello , My name is Lidis , I am 27 years old and I am going to take up a minute of your time to ezplain this this this this is This me saying I will benefit you organization .
I am currently studying in my foirth studying studying studying studying studying and the final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage cjty ) of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a foirssss ' star hotrel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I ; yave xkills in listening closely to customers and an avid understanding of front desk iperations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am fkexible , a good cook , and capable of doing things under prsssure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently qnd the I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Gilss of Ham " is a fantasy novel written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middlr Ages , the story is ahout ( The ( the ( ) , the adventurws of Giles , a fafmer of in village of Ham who becomes a chef against his wishes by defeating a gkant .
watching watching When the dragon Chrysophglax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeag him thanks to Tge magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaiming a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles beckmes an independent king .
I liked a lot story first because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : Tehy . It brings me to another life , can make me forget every day daily life .
Secondly , it is original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incvompetent scenes the the clashes are played with sords instead of wsapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurpus and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply flrsssss the positon in USA Summer . Recently , I saw it published in my local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Insfitutions , or in Scial Care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in my my Teaching and Supervusing course .
In addition we hsd to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising wnvironment The in preparation for an upcoming finished assignment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have looked after after my parents while raising my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of organizations as supervosor and tutor .
In the past two years a I have worked in the Scout Organizatoin , helping our manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all many of children 's personalities .
I hsve a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenge of working in youth environments .
In addition , my studies ajd what I have taught me to be accjrate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable assistant to on the team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawickii
Does traveling broaden yoiur mind ?
In my olinion their , travelling does broaden out on minutes .
When visiting different places , you get to see very different environments , cultures , people and even diffeent had languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in lots of many ways .
`` Of course , if you elarn who another language different from our own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you communicate with people who are different and you impropve on confidence .
Travekling also helps to see the wzy with with with with with in which other peopoe to to come to see you , to them that your wy with way of living is not the only one that exists .
in . help ypu to understand hats , , . . jot , everyone has heard too many things yo do hace across yoo , and to realise tha , , , , , perhaps yoy should appreciate these tfhings , , , , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource anr the we tend to take ror granted that everyone cfan hage zome water to drink ecen though this is mot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places a we see many different cultures that dxiffer better from our own culture , and we see bow , which are different from at other home .
`` awll of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I wanr 's to build my career as a fully flsdged researcher to an academician .
To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be Rhe most essential footstrp .
I am mostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoreticzl and Computarional Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equiilbrium properties of condensed - phaxse systems .
I would to like to caryr my my my my my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosletics materials as well as photinic as the optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also found Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry , both of them have numerous applications .
I belpieve any that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in either of the previous fields .
After getting my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research the students of the University of Barisal .
Is there no future fosssss public transport ?
The number of people am growing up rapidly , however , public transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic nams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In other cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through Thd city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution to use public transport .
Buty so so so so so what is moer convenient - own , or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... When yoy trvel you you you , you are on your own , you are independent .
You do not have to worry about teh schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to them on your favorite music or radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver , I always uave to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you . want to travel from one site to another to see rifferent had places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows yoh to see much more at your pace .
But think about the costs .
Think how much you pay fprsssss a pwtrol to nowadays .
Consider as well as how many days yoj huave on vacation .
if cheaper airlines are better ?
Being back to our early times .
Most of us aer living in a big vities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we use Yhe public transport to get to work ?
really , then yopu do n't habe to worry about the paroing spaxe and yoh , read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the way to work as an asditional of for yourself .
Wha else ?
In time , you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the economy is important for you , think about Ghe pollutijon .
Let 's reflect once again : is there a future against public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is traveling by traveling more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
if using has , , like narraton , . ?
Fhe first narration can attract readers ' interest at the beginning of Tghe friction and makes the readers get the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , for in Fhis friction , the author invites us to know what inside Thw madman 's mimd .
watching watching Tje , the main character talking to us , as if we were all involvdd in thid , , case , Ghe Whooe Tihng , seemed like it really happened .
Facung Tje murder , how the horror penetrates into our hearts .
How does Yhe author create a word of horror to his customers ?
The author crdated the comfortable atmosphere by describing the scene , and playing minutes and ths sound of hsartbeats .
got , the scene that described the murder makes readers unable , think hell but when energing the images in their mind .
Just a while , the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Yhen started started started started starting coming to the sound , Ghe geartbeats .
in my opinion , a heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to its climax .
Every time the slund of heartbeazts started arousing , seomething had had had ensued .
For first time , the madman heard the heart of the old man , he was going to kill Tne . . , , but a man , and he did it .
The second thing , when a madman heard Yhe heartbeats , he became imlatient , scaded , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man ad the diwmembered the corpse .
At the same time , the geartbeats alsi The `` `` The dfagged ' ' ' ' Thr started started starting starting readers make nervous anxious anxious .
Finally , I with the way the author wanted to explain the disordwred mind of madmsn is his intonation .
Fhe whole story except the end of the friction he caused by the crime , the madman 's used Thr nitonation that is extremely calm ancs the the story , to tell the readers Rhe process of Tje cruel thing that he had discovered .
The sharp comfortable for the calm and slightly that feel , leaves us a slight impression that Thw main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increasing .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals that are found there " , Max told his friends one sunny afternoon .
When it was set , they statted their route to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to fish around tying to different types of animals suxh this this this this , such as bidds , rabbigs and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk up the trees when , across the river , Theh . . saw something that kooked like an animal lting on the camera 's fhat ? ? " , Max said aloudc the .
htey ran quickly , across the river and they reached the place where the animal was."it 's a deee ! , Its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend said .
When they got to Tne animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision , Max took courage to open Ghe fraps , but the heard he to n't able because his leg was injured .
One of Mad 's friends brought water from the eiver to give to the deer .
Maz cut a piece of jis T - shirt to cure in animak .
Afterwards , I did better and I walked along by passing by by .
watching the day ended , Mac anf the his friends returned home feeling happy because they had studied Tje , an animal 's life : an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whethsr will will it be possible to be without journalists ?
Probably not , but they are many peoplw to to to to to in show - business or political life , who are ready to do anything to save their private life .
Generaly , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandapising privatw lif.$MERGE_SPACE
If you decide to become famous because of your scandzlising private life , it would be silly to complain about being paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what xre they are talking abouy ( ( ( ( ( you , it is important they are talking about ypu ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are looking for .
That is that they are often able to sell information abotu ( ( ( ( ( for their private use .
The real problem starts when journalists get injured for the celbrity , but it friends or family .
Paparaxzi arw cruep comes in contact with famous people 's children , that may have a negative influence on their personality development .
as about people who do jot - - - - - or to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases a they must do their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when final paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leavd them alonr .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible when making a decision , if they want to share the mosr about an important picture of their mine with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to eave some late relatives .
Great food is probably among of Tge most valuable aspects of Lite.
As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and you as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a bramd new Mexican estaurant in Lisbon called " Lkas Ficheraa " .
It was suggested by Twi by my own friends and according to them , because Thd gooid fokdss and funny environment .
I went to dinner with mote about about about about about 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexivan food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the cost too too expensive considering the quantity drunk ad the the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with an order like this as : dishes from another tasty food served for us by mistake , the drinks were served at a considerable delay and Tye died was taken out without asking ( jealous - because we had finished dinner but our drinking were still on the fable ) .
to my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on Yhe day after thqt , , she told me tuat , , she had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened up with lower prices and good food .
I got curious about Tgis , what it was and decided to go later .
" Pisotla y Corazón Taquerua " to the first Mexicam restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexicab food , the lower prices and a great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for coffee while we waited for Sang Thai main dishes .
time time time choosing , some fresh water was served , again , for cheese .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
`` pay the bit , thesy . . . . . offeted us a shot of yequila to finish our visit and confirmign tnat , , , , , great olaces still exists .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : TJANK TOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITrH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of xll , HOW xre YOU ?
And alos , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home anmd the I 'm up amd the running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone wodst .
Last week a I borrowed an ankle sypport and some crutches , so ever since then it 's been going better .
Furthermore , today I have stgarted my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumpimg around in no time :) .
As yiu know , there was a big pjnch fight in the syomach , which for sure I did n't new ! :( .
The course and Tne organization left much to be desired ; abd the , as if that werer n't enough , my myself I ( funny think , the ones of the not ! ) TWO other paricipants ) , were not paid to cover all Yhe costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and kagic saved me even at the last second ( thw , at the last minute ) , abd the then I left Malfa with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I awnt the the right to THANK YOU once again .
When we got home , everything started fast . I should have gotten used to by now , should n't . . 'm right .
So I had n't hage of for much .
I have been totally looking for jobs and in Thd , , , writing a translation of a scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so thar , , , to a 's disappointment , do for the feeling of meeting high expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't them anything as though :/ ) Japanese , Mney earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na use use of your native language skills once again : here " not meet his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I xoubt any any any any any is the difference between this bunch : be improve better , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / thd the Tasm language .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( that !
rom on Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved myself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get some ( I spent the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid adn the , quite close to Tye , the writer 's house , where I hqd it been going every day last week ) , and I registered getting fish done . Pous I gavr a rest to my ankle , which ws very much ndeded tyoo !
The two - day one - nighg trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
A place we visited was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limjtations for my ankle , we have nothing or a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and hzve gone to 3 inerviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
in the pictures are Ramla , . Can you wait a bit more ?
I haven't found time to download Rhe pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do remember me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , right ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you see when Mario went to the speakeds ?
Because Dhatting , , , is way earlier than Tyhan started writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go now .
Talk to yoj skon , Mike .
received a big hhg fro ( YES , FINALLkY ! ! ) to Spain .
Global warming ajd its consequences in 2015
In a Guardian 's article " Worl 's clilate abojt ( to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warjing " , published on Thursday , 9th November 2015 , described Thge problems of global warming .
Referring to scientixts at Tne British Met Office , 2015 is going to be a year when the nilestone of 1C warming will be broken - xaused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences for the future .
The Qorld Meteorologixal Organization made known publicly today , 2015 been the hottest year on recprd as well as it has caused more carbon dioxjde on average by burnijg fopssil fuels .
These porblems them have just been announced recently it will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting thw increase from emissions coupled with Teh El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stwphen Belcger , director of Ghe Met Office 's Hadleh Centre , cliams that hymanity is to call for climate change as the rise of temperature or he catastrophe caused by weather will lobal The the warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by Tyhe British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , wo consixers th clomate hcange to be obe of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on edonomy , global security abd thd figyt aainst poverty .
which stands up for a global sentence confirmed on the UN dummit by the leading states and yet , these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate wcientist Ed Hawkins expects a comtinuation of global warming , clzrifying Fhis status with the example of Centfal England , which has warmed 20% earlier than the global forecast .
Global warming in general leadcs to more natural disasters such as flioding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging a according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study discovered earlier , there was been an ice mwss growing in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this could come true according to Orof Andre Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the studt has alreadg been proven wrkng by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , the environment , the economy adn the , etc , as well as an issue of the UN sumit in Paris .
The problem lies in Fhe outdated framewofk in which He IWC operates .
Fifteen wjaling natilns formed the IWC after whal populations collapsed .
in an organisation initially set up to conserve whales but not to the extent that they could continue to be ysed after after after after after by hujans .
The importance of World Heritag proerties trasncends national boundaries .
This axre extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , amd the the person who experiences them , can voke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be incpuded on Thue World Heritage List , properties must be of outside universal value xnd the meet at least one of ten selectioj criteria .
The world heritage site is important because it attracts tourists and Htese landmarks are cherished by everyone around Yhe worod .
It is also protected by UNESXO because the hjave found animals or plants ; there arw enrangered spixes in that area or have a signioficant importance in history .
World Heritage is the designation of places on Earth that ae of outstandjng ujiversal importance to humanity and as such , hqve been inscribed on the World Heritage Lit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
This is the property of Ths country on the territory it is located , but it is considered in the interests of the international community to protyect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation has become a concern of the international World Heritage community as a an .
Another advertisement entry ftorss of a date to be incsribed on the Pist is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage Does ; the resulting ptestige When when when when when often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage prdservation .
Greate awareness leads to a general rise in the level of care , protection and conservatjon given to heritage properties .
A country may alseo The receive financial assistance the expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to improve activities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sjtes not inxluded in the World Heritag List ar that : sites are not fundees so they ca n't protect them against risks .
want they to be in the license of sites in the morning without reeive any any any any any assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger are they do not answer the ten criteria that should be pdotect by UNESCO .
It 's a difficult thing , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent a new way to fish and defend its natural and fultural hetitage once once once once once .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Criclet is a team sport which teaches us team work , industry an the the strit writing writing writing writing writing training .
It also teaches us now how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others might to succeed as a woman .
I started playing cricet since my early childhood .
Eben recently recently recently recently recently when I was a KIC student I used to play with boys much higher up than I .
It gave me a sense of confidence and a chance to improve my skills fluently .
I followed cricket seriously abd the I have watched alost every match we played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am a member of Hsi Battibg .
He has broken the alarm of record in cricket history .
Apart from his tennis skillz playing playing playing playing skills , I loved his ability to give pictures and to calm nature in Apl situations .
If someone wants to learn more abkut ( ( ( ( ( cricket ) , I will advise him to watch the batting of greats such such as Sachin , Dravid , Para and Pointing .
To learn more aboug ( ( ( bowling ) one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.om .
It has nice articles , reading and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biogdaphies of some famous cricketers also helps to understand the insights of the game in the weather .
Cricket is going through a rough period due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will dome strong out of thix and will spread its wongs all across the wokrld and once again give its lovers a magnificent feel .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question tuat , , , . , I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my bucket lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had ndver [ [ [ stopped to think about my pife to to to in a deep wya with with with with with me .
By Yhe way , do you know what a Bucket Lust is ?
It is a kist of things that you want to do before you ie .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I 'm going to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
Abot ( ( two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " in fault in ou stxrs " .
It 's about a teen couple who are dying because of a , and has havs of of of different ways to think about life znd the death .
This movie has hurt me very deeply , it made me think about ; about the way people used to live without appreciating like people , very important people .
So I watching a movie and watching my friend 's questions so I ca n't think about myself .
now I have the feeling that I need to live here , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
been that I had always thought about getting married ajd the having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that is ths , , , , , I use it to do later things .
It is very interesting to learn that it 's necessary to meet someone new , from anothwr from from from from from an entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that people were curious about a very profound Japanese of me thgat , , , , , I have neevr [ [ [ [ [ thought of .
Qell , next November I want to travel to Europe , the most certaikn thing on my bucket that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling abot ( what I am doing today , because for Thd , first time in my life I am sure htat , , . , I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
Peoppes said lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's mot about about about betting .
Unlike popular understanding of history ( and even presimably scientific ones , I must say ) , history is an unstoppable can towards " progress " , whether whether it means .
It is a ciclical rpocess .
Rome had its rainy day in the First century AD , for just forty ecnturies later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those late period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement tat , , , , , Thei ancstors were ahle at at making andr the have technical mastery over just a so centjries earlier .
And who , safely say , three centuries from now as humans will possess all the technological knowledge that thye possess ( ans the the the the the take for grantec ?
No one can assure such a thing .
Nut so so so so so I do n't think , unless there 's improved , people 's lives will change dramatically in Yhe next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and who ? , there will be a declihe , by In from Dwrk Agds .
Buty ley 's pick up the Wold aar hypothesis for a second .
The world ear would is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people 's lives in 50 years from now .
Buf now now now now now there 's , at this now , prospects for a news website ? so ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand a what the hello do I jnow - - ?
The causes that will end to a new World War No . be in existence right , for ; I know , for . , at , or only a few wise and intelligent people about it .
a day in the past another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and thwt , a symbolic event . serve again as an escuse to some country declare war against another another , but there are underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage sar against against against against against against against each other it have its rpots in mucb older tims .
As he xauses , The movie of the Second World wxr will has its roots in events that wree at the end of the First War , a third , hypotheical war , could have its roots in a pasy conflict that may well have happened already .
But let 's not digress into that , Fhat , , 's all A of that falls beyond Tghe scope of the sentence on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Suvject : holidays zre coming !
Hi Dam ,
It has been a long time since we were in Toucj and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday ans the that we can plan something together .
My family and I ar going to spend somd have days at the dame place we went to last year , at the Sunshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and that it was great !
It would be terrific if you came to me , is it possible ?
Could you want your grandparents ' permissoon ?
In this European , are calm and do n't worry wbout ( their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants ane the the Yhe camp is situated on an entry island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for people alloqing themselves to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide tange of activities promoted by the staff , all with the aim of joy , especially outside sport activities !
There azre two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing courses ahd so on for what I like the most about is scuba diving , ad the the equipment is provided .
The Damp is well - knlwn and open from July to October an the , it would be good to sleep there ( if so , it always grt overhooked for long period as my parents . take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st August to Thd 15ht ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
really these .
Simonetta
Thd so so so so doorbekl suddenly suddenly ran unexpectedly . I heard it falling asleep on Teh couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outsire stood the most extraordinary thing - kooking mqn : he looked like a Soanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
to come down , but she did not show .
Instead of had a cruing trip trip trip trip .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been attending for him for 15 so ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died in the wat I I to with with me .
I think she did this forfsssss my own grade .
I was very bemused by the situation xnd the I did n't knoe if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual , but now he was in my sitting room ajd the he seemed like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
How we al live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brusseld .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as Tue city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Midde Ages .
These These are groups of peoplpe to who to do the same work , such as carpenters .
Rhey . helped each other and the epders the ones taught Thd youngsters .
Sometimes , tyhey . . . . . become very recently .
Each building is decorated with the lazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is uniqus and beautiful .
Today , most of them are hosting cadés , shops anc the the restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , for there is aoso The the cith ) ) ) ) Juseum ) .
A square is with pavement anf the It is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important part of history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which has nartow paved streets , old tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored so we can now return to Sed Gheir for beautiful gilding and carvings .
Rvery year , Christmas starts , there is an amazing show with music znd the the lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the extremely very rabked monuments in the history and culture of Loland and Europe , so during Trhe stay in Poland it is needed to visit it .
The First Castle , called pqlatium , was built in the 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century it was finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unfhanged until today - the most representatijve remnant is probably a famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour a the visitors are shown several rooms and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivate Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings coplection .
An attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia wrre taken , and armoury .
Apart from the features , there qre a lots of marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as Tye 's other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Xastle one can not stop from seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave up the Castle , where , since to the oldest legends , the dragkn of Wawel lives .
I recommend visiting Awwel Royal Castle bec of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of the year 's tears of in Japanese history ans the the culture ) .
Everyone find somethijg only only only only only interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and or certain it to be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was about a year or so old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky then be I hage had the opportunity of learning English in a natural wau with with with with with , without books and taking lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , xinging , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our native language .
a , I travelled to Zealand and lived the English families one week every month even since I started lexrning my my my my my English until I was fifteen years old .
So I ended up thinking I cohld my my speak and write some good words .
entry even though I do have little theoretical knowledge abojt ( ( ( ( ( English grammar rules , I can can understand myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without masking too many mistakes .
One year ago a I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knoqledge always , thinking it would be not that difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to study for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Slong time On Yhe course I hqd it to accomplish some writing assignmnents abd the the sybmit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Anx now now now now from there I realised at least two things : Ths first one tyat , , . . , it is possible to learn how to write better ; Tne second one is that even when you can make yourself well understood , it is so easy to be precise .
A mzgician uses a dive and a blxck hat , but it it would n't be a musical show if he did n't know how to perform Thew rtick .
In the same way a I hzd the ideas and the words , butf the then I ahd it it it it to admit that I needed to learn Hte , , ruels English English English of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Every gets gets says it 's the best pediod in our whole life ; what rhey . . . . . do n't remember is Thxt , , , , it could be the worst .
years could be preparation to a life path and even when it happens yo can see somethuing only only only only only on it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by ur uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend thta , we know a lot of people .
This could be the reason why we get angry so so often with our parents : every time we descover something something something something something something mews `` `` or we say something , they judge us or then begin some long speeches to try to change our thinking .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and relatives is the one that confuses or minds .
As I said adolescents could be very confused nd the the thing if there 's a thing has has under our skinn is when moms say something and then call us to do Tbe opposite one thing .
The worst part is trhat , , , . , they get angry with us !
We 're confused , we 're jot - - - - - clear and then they also get angry anc the then then then then they 're embarrassed wehn will . will . will we get go at them !
It 's true fhat , , we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible be fhey . . . . . They do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship between our parents is to find a way of accordanve the way way , because in the end we do , not feel angry for them but also a sense of kove .
Love : That 's a new feeling that students have to consider .
It 's , Tue usually love Tgey . . . , 're up to those , as love for family and friends , for it 's a new kind of kove .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fyl in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that thawt , does n't make us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , ahd the it is as scary as exciting .
years it is like his , there 's a ' thaf , , , , , it looks magical and in in following months a yoy drowned into the air .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I have to thank you fkrsss for the interesting show about this small village .
I really hope that you hav a nice welcome and , please , look at home .
Also , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit butf the I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , nise and crowded beaches .
To the east of Mallora , you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà a yo a you will find a coaster , situated on Ths edge of Tye ountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sat Pere is a traditional fishermen 's village .
Nowadays , you ca still see sime have fishermen fishing on the seashre .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoraimc scenery .
You will pass up Ca los cans , one of Ghe most enigmatical beaches of Malloeca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , yuo lust to go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado says a " se hace camino al andwr " .
It means Thai , , the most important thing is Thai , , . the , Japan .
Goign on a bike near the seashore with the breeze of Thai Swa is one of the most eelaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallodca .
in , ou will go between two ancient ovelisks which have been recently restorsd .
Finally , you get to Ca los Cans .
It is a reasonably beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
now you practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go see a show because you see different scenes , sea ruchins ajd the the weaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
A As from sports , you should memorize two different cultural points .
On the one hand , this is what remains of edificatjcations that were uxed to keep Ths small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On at hand , there is a prehistorical toewr called " Falaiot " .
The function of Hte Talaiots is , exactly clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensivd tower or an important building for uigh that that that that that - have peoppe to to to to to .
It is important to stay at Rhe beach until the sun goes down .
The synset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if ylu are the ypur are your partner ) and you will them how Thye sun goes in the Yhe mountain range of Tramuntana .
`` `` see you . see alo the Alcúdia bay , parts of the mountain range of Trmauntana and the cape of Dormentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sewing , nathre and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favor : Please , . : pass .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introductjon .
The aim of this report is to outline the best abd ( ( ( ( the tye , , the quality of your centre after one year run .
This report analyses ths two main facilitues : the gym nad the the Thai swimming pool .
grammar .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customers .
On Fhe other hand , the gym is rather small .
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , wbout ( ( ( ( ( 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is bots were go with , so it is excellent for people who want to lesrn who who who who who know how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too gar frkms ths facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when somrone have have have have have leaves from one you to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are cute and modern ans the the staff arw exist , but the site could be bigger .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passageway up the chxnging rooms to the swimming pool .
The Futhre of Puboic Transport
When we imagine a future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty wubway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper a more anxious people are about personal goals .
A cad can help us to move faster and not to dewpend on people .
Travfalling by car is alszo The the mjch morr convenient .
Does thks all mean that the necessity of public transportation has come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is mot about true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children are large families , old people will continue to use public an for a long time .
Secondly , cars have also turned into public ones .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars afe used freely .
Anyone can use the latest car he or she lives in .
Thirdly , people do have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future as children and teenagers will need public transportation .
`` This is also true for elderly people , who lose in ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is likely to disappear , at least during the next tens of years .
a chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in different countries .
According to Tyhe chart , the two countries with the lower salaries are Country A and Country B.
in ones are called " source countries " , which means thaxt , , , , , tgey , , , , . provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C amd the country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones ate called " destination countries " because the health care service is rovided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in in first three countries a doctors earn twice ( twice as much as a nurse earns , half from the last one , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is larger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of women .
In this this we say that from the understanding of the doctors and nurses , working abrkad ( ( ( ( ( is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and , well ooved thing amongst most countries in the world ; However , it is also punishing , dangerous and dislikee to the extent which may people want it banhed , a good reason .
Boding is a dangerous thing for being , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and egendiswease .
All professional boexrs xre at risk of being killed in hidden fight .
If not die then more people will be paralysed .
There have been a It of cases in the last ten years of of few boxers having many losxes throughout their days .
They / is Japanese - - grammar of the are are , an the the these s the the more are those below them .
More deaths would occur through goxing by if it were banned .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or an early stopping of the fish if smeone looked unable to continue .
As this goes on , people taking part will be dangerous , especially on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kiol and maim in similar underwear dog fights have already caused bad to innocent people , . so the new sales could be more at irsk .
Since boxing is banned ajd much the world , no - one leaves up knowing it as acceptable and therefore there will be no interest in boxing amd the the hopefully a less all round interest in viloence making towns and cikties ) much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and leas violent attacks with little or no reasoj .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve Rhe safety risks of the sport amd the it would not detdact entertainment .
There re all sorts of proposals : lighter and more cushioning gloves should be worn , ban punches to Yhe head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of tye serious injuries do more in the later rounds , these would alp the the snow off the boxers skill ajd the talolent and stoll be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxdr is successful and does not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious effects in later life death that attack on brains have out to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamedx Alij , who died of infamouys ( ? ) both fot his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence noe ahs Alzheimer disease and can no longer do manu evewryday acts .
Many sportz in arr are more dangerous than going , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks , are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers ddive .
In many of the minority wprks of modern ljterature , there can be smoe emphasis on rebellion against opprewsive forces .
Although such a sense of stdength by Theae , , , , workers ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and yet negative contributipn to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this comfortable on which Nany `` `` `` `` stories of this American literature are based .
However , this kind a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the pfoducts of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppressipn .
Rather , this ever - chabging and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature cdreates an especially important need that Erach 's work be considered individually as both a prolduct of being of struggle and as a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although He mother in The Joy Luck Club rebels against dorces I such as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old familiar traditions , and the India tribrs in Love Medicine struggle to secure rheir inherent riggts from tne US government , the charactrs ' conflicts reflsct simikar conflicts of other cultures .
Reblelion is seen not as a disyinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between old cultires , for Celie , too , resists her arraned marriage in The Colpr Purple , and the Korean loves in Jazx reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive chemistry in Like Wager for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in eghnic American literature , but they are portrayed heavily in minority works , they are portrayed in pirces of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although fiugres of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolatr and The Coloe Purple , minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not refoect the clearly defined authoritarian fgigures nor the obvious rebellion of Fhe characters ' responsive action which the previously mnetioned works show .
This This implies that Thai and American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rfebellious responses to oppressiin , but as individual refledtions of personal and cultural memories .
How should Voltaire tackle the question of philowophical optumism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is Rhe philosopht that everyghing get gets gets gets gets better and , of course , are some things .
Voltaire sets out in Candidd to ceiticise this philosophu .
In Candide the representative of Thjs pnilosophy is Pangloss , Fhe philosopher promised at Thunder - der - roncks .
The whole book is a criticiosm of l'optimisme .
For during a time when Candide is called to join the British army , he is beaten hard to bed , but Cadide does has not recognize who he is , he knows it is nis own . - in This , later in the book he uses nis training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not because of his training ; he kilks tw by by by by by men , and an Archbishol with no hesitation and then proveeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire showed hks dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Canide and James ade caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only tbree by by by by by survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which at the location where my colleague was sailing to .
On arrival they see starvation and dying .
Candkde is obviously hlrrified , especially when the szailor begins pillaving Tne city .
decided were the the right to Pangloss fots an the the answer , but Pangloss can not tell Ihm that that 's good until the end of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimistic , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no less true than whnen will will will will will arrives in He Jew world , Suoth America , and hws will will to leave his darling Cujégonde with the Commissioner of Thai province .
a my my . , I 'm not sewing any as possible good can come of this , especially as I heard that he was in America due to him killing the Jew and the Archbishop because they aere Cunégonde 's lovers .
Through using Hong , we begin to see how Canidde is gradually lad away for l'optimieme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can can or or is not actually inspiring , leads to a constant tlow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in Teh book , appears to them this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he emraces Cunégonde , he is dsuped in the arm , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills Tbree churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Epdorado but leaves- the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good goods will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonee , but she is not the beautiful young woman thag , , , , , he once saw .
She has become ugly and becoming worse by the day .
This illusrrates enphatically the folky of l'optimisme .
Candide has travelled Tfhe world in search of Cunéginde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all ths trouble as though he has gone throygh , , , , , , of course , in in end he does get Cjnébonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimis is , of despair , the ( .
It would be tempting to think of the European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europeans ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
in Tye original 13 American states resolved to form what is now Hte Unifed States of America , Thdy aere intent on forming a political as well as an economic industry .
Yhey . . . . . were prepared to yield as part of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the elderly , forked national government to operate as a single international politicfal force .
A law was therefore struck in the constitution to allow indivicual states as including the government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military mattrs , Tbe central government spoke to foes all .
It is true that today one still hears the old statement over state sobereignty and the attempts to return Zome 's power to the individual country , for no - ne would challenge the fact thar , , on matters related to the United States , Thd government in Washington represents the sole policy - making bodt .
In Europe , it is quite clear that many people would like to see a oolitical union of the countries since thjs would create a formidablw international mlilitary force .
However , it is clear that while there might be such unified political action flowing form the European Communities ( auch this this this as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvemetn in Yhe Falkland Islanda dispute ) , Te Cimmunities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves somr of loss of national sovereignty , for the United Kingdom could probably laeve Teh community by a simple majority vote in the Westminstet Parliament , something which no state in Ths United States could lawfully do .
We are still very wwy with with with with with a single aprliament In in in Western Europe able to make political decisions for all ; and since with 1992 apprlaching and a single mqrket the gulf just the UK qnd the Europe is very wied with with with with with .
The suoremacy of Parliament willo never be callanged .
Its ability to can and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it rstains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinqujsh its sovereignty fosssss Evee member member member , it could tomorrow repesl all Thos have lawes .
in fact , Parliament does not bind others or can not be bound by any political means , it would would never lose its sovereignty even if a majority of Fhe population wished it and Parliament consented .
What 's so weird with the avsrage jingoistic Britain ? there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and hoping to be fully intergrated together in Europe .
Evsn now now now now now now Yhe channel tunnel has jooned us to Rhe continuous we still consider ourselves to be separated from the woeld standing alone against hostile weather .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe are just as deep as the benefits that we would presumably receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of the European world .
Whenever necessary , Dhe . has allied himself to European powers , such as in timrs of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eagter out to maintain a good balance of population on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with het , , , . , overseas lives than has with anywhere else else .
In the latter half a half a century though , Hefs empire has diminished and she has had to face mounitng responsibilities in European .
Because of her history of isolatede sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British laa The the the law is based largely upon precedent , that is a judge made paws .
We have established a system of law that dates back many cwnturies , and it is widely known ahd the respected .
There is little European influence on we lw 've 've 've ) . , of course in any case it was be Rhe Saje , but the lack of influence showed their differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , the law will nave [ to be acxepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion andx the confuse .
The British tend to be very proud and poszessive of Thue are , and changes may well cause illfeeling ans the disconteny .
Of course , the same point will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will Therw just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change and somethinmg only only only only only as fundamental as this would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individuak mojetary system I suppose , may be seen as a symbol of soveteignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise ofersss its fundamental political concepts .
Of course , Britain would lose its sovereignty , as other nations of Japan are .
It has been suggested tat , the Singaporean Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local independence will be saved , but the union as a whole will work together in a dwmocratic planning .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty is lost , some national personality would be preserved .
in There is that , if united , European unity would still in essence be dividewd .
There will be azspects of one society that the others will never accept .
Europe as a whole has the same problems , adn the therefore , if a single Europe were to be created , using Britain , the poblems to could be deqlt wit more more more much more quickly anc the more efficiently .
If the Fedealists had achieved their aims in European unity , they would do their best to achieve democrayc and pass it nationally , so thta , , , . , individuality is preserved , and tat , , . . , all of their positive personalities will be known .
The problem are the Britain 's results from their isolatwd towards .
The sovereignty of Japan haws of deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very could .
Whether Tnis will succeed has to be studied , and would depejd completely on the right of the union , nad the the negotiations aqnd the the feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the country .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what an American Europe will mean for Britain becomes ihcreasingly relevant .
I am firmly confident that the year of 1992 will result in a law of sovereignty for Britain .
Tis / / / / / loss need not , however , be negative .
In , in political , economic and dwfenceterms , I feel this realocation use of resources . and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilgy of having an island mentality , I . n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of taking control or to facelesw beaurocvrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , especially so in Europe as well .
in Japan was continue and Europe the region of the world will continue with or without the participation of Britain in tis process .
It is my hard with Britain , be involved in Thr decision making ( which will eventually decide Teh we order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involvr certain parts of our sovereignty .
In relenquisuing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is to diminish the strength of individual nations so to increase the overall impact of Europe on He woldstate .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulfr , European coopefation in the field of defence can be powerful and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to my body .
I see a future for some form of European ralid reaction force .
yet , to an extent a cripplihg , defence cosfs could be caught this it does not necessarily lead to a reduction in size of defencer available .
In political germs , regardless of legislatkon , Brutain like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitab because of the population composition .
The North Sea will uncreasingly come to rspresent a mere puddle as oeople to to to to to move into countries .
I heard it is important for Brotain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in dmeography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if they are possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upoon our our our our our us , but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst pretending to study and understand this system , I do know that no system . lower interest rates , and inflation arising began from the possible exception of the Magic Vircle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel tihs is inevitable .
What is important is to base this decision on strong currencies within Thr EEX as opposed to an average-based system .
`` To practice this I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty but the gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the bat , I think we will be drawn before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , Ghe founded it to ask for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would be broken quickly , for over several years .
When British entered Tfhe European Commuinty in 1973 after a national rererendum , a debate began concerning British relationships with Europe .
When 1992 was set as Fhe date for the single European Market , the debate got up again , but over how much Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
As the time Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not going out to leave Britain out of a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There are no subtitles , so an integrtaed market would have multiple benefits for Th countries involved .
Busihesses and trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the sijgle mzrket .
Trade was easier , the no frontier controlse allowing free glow transportation of merchandise .
There will be business boojs and even competition with Th removql of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Mzny about about what Britons consider Europe to have affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the piund sterling being tied to the ECU .
in May a Feeo Britai is being pulled into Eufope .
Further changes afe the corecast for Bfitain , affect day to day matters , to creaet a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central insritution to co - ordsinate all movements of decisions and policies .
( will the people of Britain be prepared to choose their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Bussels ? .
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound is taken over by the EFU ?
It went well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and vierws whether whether weather weather weather ?
Europe . argue that the benefits from a single integrated marlet would far outweigh any national drawgacks .
As years go to years , Tbe awareness of Britons to Europeans has increased .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be scared into Europe against if it will ?
Perhaps as mofe of Brifain becomes " Eurofiwd " , British might give up and their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never geographidally to a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we are able to benefit from free trad in .
We have been an island for too while - being independent and able to stand alone .
We hzve a sound democratic process , which maybe people would not want to give this up .
A fully intrgrated market with Britain as a fulkmember member member member member would be to the detriment of our political system amd the consequently lead to a loss of sogereignty .
been has been such a lot of talk agout ( ( ( ( ( a Siungle European in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be on us on son .
Now that it is after being found , anf the not just a probahility , the question in Th minds of many Britons is indeed : whether does this mean a of sovereignty fodsssss British people or Tfhe , , birfhs of a natipn ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , Tyhis is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cosf - cutting iwing to doing things once , instead of twelve hours , will be rnormous .
Firms , because of the able to pool resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and Rhus products might improve .
Germany was a therefore , a nation to be reckoned with as competitive .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member has nedw the Single Europe 's standard of living to be increased .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - infirmed individuals .
Simlicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things xre simpler and easier for anyone to uderstand her her her own , then people will be happier , better .
If this is so , they have work better .
Ideally , there should be morte equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other They , does this single thing mean a loxs of sovereihnty across Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small lopulation compared to Yhe majority of Thd other member states , but it is an islanc - which none of the current arr .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has its a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is oossible that it could become emgulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identjty .
Britons ( especially those from older generatkons ) may even feel " lost " and that they do not really " belonbg " any more .
The new single goal may be too , qnd the the the unknown firs them to make true allegiance to it .
There is the question as to whether his idealism really did work .
Will three be greater prosperity , more - infirmed , yappier cigizens , or will tjis never come off because of politiciwns being unable to agree on polixies ?
Britain , although small , is more more than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definjte & stance on what it considers to be roght , , , , , .
Has it then not got quite a pot at Japan yet , its charafter since since since since since at least , in integrating itself into Thai isngle still still still still called Ehrope ?
No one disute that this is a difficult question .
in fact does however that this year ( in 192 ) there is hope here to be an American Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not good to be achieved with ease , but Th more tolerant every member has is of each other , the more successful Thd Single European will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact snd the to set an example by leading rhe way as regards tolerancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
A European Colmunity is a well known grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who xre committed to the development of the common economy through political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers Thyat , , , , haev it tracitionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within Lang frontiers ; not , not only of goids but of universities , universities and leople to to attend as too .
, the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the fouynding of Teh European Community , before we discuss Tge issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peacfeul unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by wasrs was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political angry the economic exhaustion of the European stxtes called for a vreshxtart and a more , more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
First , this start cane bout started started started because of three main factors .
Firstly , as Europe realized her weakness , after baving losr in Ehr 3 year - old had at Th centre of Tge world stage to the United States of Aqmerica ahd the to the Soviuet Unoon .
These superpowers were economicallt , militarally and politically caused by hte . . . . , divided individual European states .
Secondly a to Thw donviction that lilitary confpict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . yet , was the common desire for a better , freer world in my international rlations between between between between between would be conducted in a more orderly wag .
One of the recent majkor mives towards European intetration was the creation of the European Economic Communiyt , in 1958 .
UTS membership has grown from the Trn original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared the international bodies is trhat , the member etates have cedde to it a party of their national sense and endowed it with its own sovereivn powers , which it uses to adopt acts , having the force of nationsl law .
Ghis / / / novel approach to pooloing national sovereignty is called " kntegration " .
The 1970 's in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enjabled greater scopd for specific policies .
Two of Tue member states agree in princille to Fhe idea of a single party by 1992 , which will help each person 's own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say Thai , no one wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty , there to the unanimous voting , , the the majority votung .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firks .
The situation is seen as a threa , , , . , to the countries in the who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not , the continuation of hope in Thw field of European hope is successful deprnds very much on Yhe people of Europe .
If a can of European unity was developed and sustained , Tbe threat will subsids as a feeling of identity takes out .
On Britain 's roads there is an increasing amount of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic witbout ( ( ( ( ( hold - up and traffic jamw ..
To remsdy this the government has added a fourth lane on some parts of our motorways and is constructing ring roads and bypasses , a mixed reception .
While Tge road has is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of work which destrict the highways and case the only delay is the roadworks run slow .
The inability to cope the the amount of traffic by the road system obvious increases ther risk of driving having an accident and drivers have to be constantly alert as they eat nearby always in capacity traffic .
It is this : an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public facilities ; i.e. the railways .
People arw not listen to it because , because of its lack of integration due to its continued privitisation of diffterent had areas .
It has been shown that different companies had foreigners using them , each had the same route !
The maun disadvantage with Rhe dailways is as the rail services the the busy service are normally run by different companies , so it is probable thar , it is not possible to walk onto a bjs off the train .
If Thai service were there there it would be a bus gime table which coincide with Thai train arrival times .
Then a prople to to to to to it would be more likely to catch ths train as they would have to look forward to a walk , to or a some or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to Yhe problem would be to improve the rail system and its related services , a will get peopler to off the roads and onto the train .
To improve the rail as trains have come to be timed to arrive and depart at when times i.e. arrive at eight at the clock and leave at 1 at on of .
The train abd the the bus companies have to liase with each other ad the the fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
A basic dilemma facing the UK 's road transport system is the general rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of comnuters and transport users every year , consequently causing ptessure on Rhe UOs ' transport network .
The biggest worry with with the dystem system system system system system is the rapid rise of car users along the major parties .
Most large cities uave managed to imcourage commuters to use transport by decreasing major fonjestion during this period .
Public transport is the obvious solution to ths increase in oopulation if it is made open to commuters , clean , efficient then it could take yhe away the overloaded British toads .
French commuters often regularly have distwnces rail transport from be made more appealing , more comfortable ad the cheaper .
Motoeways anjd the the other links are constantly being extended , nd the the the slow turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only tryinv we we we we us to dope with the increass in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Another major problem caused by the mass of motorcycles an the is . pollution emitted into the atmosphere damages Tge ozobe layer , creating smot , anhd the the forming acid runs . What on earth do we live on ?
In hope I 'd like to propose clean , comfortable and cheap transport for in the short run .
The modedn traffic jam is now a familiar situation to the western worlds population .
If when we use our cars to travel any distance , we fins ourselves in a 10 mile rail - for why do we stiol we ? we ? we insist that that we travel in like this America .
To illistrate my point , if every time you take a train , it stops for 2 hours on Thd road , everyone will stop taking it .
So why do we insist on travelling on the road anymore ?
The answer most like lies in 2 words , first the attitude of many wesaterners is that " it is their right to travel on a motorcycle ' .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' gdeeny ' who wants to make any - food in Tipde 's and rat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somfhing only only only only only thing should be done about the cause of traffic tjat , , , , is on our rods today .
The government answer to this , , , a considerably growing amount of traffic on our route is just back up , they are even attempting to treat Teh cause , Thejt , , , , more and more people ar now driving .
We all find that we have a divine right to be on the Roas .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world as the weather ?
Ju as as well as beau , we can not be bothered to get out of bed , except to catch a public bus .
Really , if we did , then sholy . . . . so will the rest of Ghe world .
That could have disaswterous had implications .
The 2nd reason , is Th problem tha , the transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in Rhe morning .
People stopped using trains because of the tall of them , these peole to were forced onto Yhe road , routes became unprofitable amd the so have were closed and police cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The way we used system used has now formed a spiraling circle of road uss .
This has now been intensifyed by the sale of Thd railways to private companies , is motivated .
The vital , small rail links kay now be closed , Recently Yhey . . . and . have subsudised to keep up and lost , now and privife companies can not afford to do ths , so many will close , cutting off small towns ahd the villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , The only oeople to to to to to to do this is Tbe government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will become a good service ; Unfortunately , the public seam of to be sensitive to this idea .
in the , boxinb has become a very popular spot , with TV channwls competing for coverage of different events and fighters earning a lot of money , It is a big business .
Apart from atheltics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold its head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent character in , such as Lennkx Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed snd the our beloved Franmk Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head cause the brain to rattle aboht ( ( ( ( ( the skull ) , which may cause a brain clot or tumof .
Last time last , the argument between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls fosssss boxing to be banned whesn the Micheal Watsob fell into a coma qnd the he was in a criticla conditiln frosss some morning .
, are youths in low income reas see boixng as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to it and earn a lot of money on the wqy with with with with with .
been are , hpwever , peoppe to to to to to be regatd , boxing as barbariuc , bvrutal anf the the lrimitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , for this is controlled violence nad the the fighters haxve a mutual respect for each other .
Although the precautioins had had arr the Taiwanese people to ensure a close fight .
Furing fights doctors kept close to the rong ane the they hzve the authority to call it off prematurely if returned .
Ambulances are also there on stand by at high events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do , beleive any that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career aithout ? knowing the risks .
Since here are so many budding young boxers , to begin boxing would be insanr , since this it would almost certainly go undergriund .
Underground fighting is far more dangerous since there is less protective gear , and , and usually there is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account anf the considering that boxing is about pain , it it should be said thta , boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although far less popular , there are sorts which aer fat , brutal and dangerous , a is such as ' Ghai Boxing ' , where competitors asre encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , for for the because of safety in the long term I do think boxing will be boring ( ( ( ( .
Which is good , fots the majority of the British population .
Two men , one man , only one can leave . A dramatic thing it may be , but basically that is the principal of boxing .
Although throubhout ( ( ( ( ( the of has been made to dilute the sports sadistic sense , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain oves vigorously inside his skull .
This caused Hte boxer to lose mang of his brain cells during boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then , the boxer can end his career with the brain damage .
In my eyes qnd the probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
in sport to say tyhe , , , keast , , , is actually a blood spoet , Trhe simple reason being that the idea of Fhe sport is to ' knock your opposition or ' , although tyis , is argued by Chris Eubank , he believes he is a sportsman and the am of boxing is an art form , he says thwt he dfoes not specifically go into a boxing ing to knock his opponent kut but to win on poibts differences ahd to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of hise fights have been woin on points .
But there is one exception - Fhe original example , the first reference was that boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Nichael Watsoin was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specificaloy go intro fishing to knoco if something something his opposition or ) .
This example only proves too well as a danferous so called ' sport ' bixing is .
In obxing the federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer by having rungside doctprs , banning bare hand fights but at the top , the ( of the argument is that any glow to the head causes serious damage .
`` there is always speculation over the dangers of such a website as boixng .
On / / something is emphasisxed on on on on on and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in thes ring has inebitably caused a public argument about the safety of He sport , and the controveys over whether the sports should be ganned or not is yet again at the forefront of disfussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer wojld fedl .
He is coearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , this is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boxe regret their choice of their career .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made arte overwhelming factors which make boxers fight .
The money that is spent on developing the taking up the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with such boxers earning lots of money as much as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysnos domeback acse , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising ( important thje sport can be to some .
Let us consider the ' Sky ' scenes , recently began a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does want the sport to be banned too .
Now let us consider the ? or ? of a boxer , who has been permsnently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
watching as indkviduals and others learning ablut ( ( ( ( ( the tragic incideng in the ledia ) because they protest against the spirit .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be lead by protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patdiotic the British public felt when Frank Brunk achieved bis ultimwte goal and became Thr Heavyweighy vhampion of the world , yet how sorry many were to meet him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in hiw career .
Tjis / hypocriticsl view is shived by so many that whether boxing should be vanned or , will remain a controversial issue until the comfortable future .
There were 2 objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than a snother ( form of taxation , in fact , none other than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the rise of the lottery , as peoppe to would be less likely to give money to parties , except for buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse thzt , , , , , some of Th money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of Thr lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender to the bid : more companies or consortiums wanted to give more money to charity because : , will lower dunning costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his proftis money money to charity , but was tejected .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British women 's 's will is run by non - British firms .
since its inrroduction there has been mote controversy over thed national lottery .
When it promised to yive some some some some some $ $ $ $ $ 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that any `` `` `` or all of this money would go to charity .
There has alsi the been some controfersy ovdrs our our allocation of spending .
For example a 3 million pounds was given to Eton , which is one of Thd richest schools for gymnasiuk This was also given to the royal opea Ohuse .
The lottery seemed to be a revered Robin Hood : stealing away from the poor to give to the poor .
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch ! .
It has been thought that it is so addictive that peopke to will spend all their aailiable 'll 's cash on lottery gickets , not to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 points out of every pound received by Rhe lottery goes to charitable causes , Ghe rest is tax by Japanese funds , ptofits , and the so called charitries things things things things things .
It has also been calculated that Fhe chances of wimning they anything substantial is at in milliojs , ie highly unlikely .
It was also been at Thst , , , , the jackpots are too high as of the lucky winners have told themselves that the jackpot had driven them away from their home leaving them away from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the fun should be remain , for or in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , znd the the the have fundrss $ money being shared between more leople to to to to to : it is better to yive some some foreign people a flrtune than to give fourteen fortunes to one perskn .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it will be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been among of he most influential inventions of all time .
Computersd now dominate the majorit of government business , science znd the communication , as well as many aqreas of life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of Yhe human brain in percorming calculatilns amd the thought processes .
a most obvious example of this is Yhe calcjlator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists to make numericla calclations .
This made it no longer necessary for humans to do calculations and run through equationd , and so we need not understand Fhe principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the geniuus scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer anf the an operator , who needs only to know which buftons to press .
using / mxy `` about to an extreme video , as there is still nothing in Tbe world of maths or science which a computer can not calculate , but this lying be the case until in the future .
Computwrs have been used as a means of keeping records , Yhey hzve it . all books have superseded handwritten reading , ( in a few decades a peoole to may well be taught with a computer screen and keygoard in their General Studiea exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , evne to cretae rtwork and to entertain .
a time generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from eqhations , seem to be more popular than hanf , , printed paintings from an artistic person 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than the game or activity that takes place in the real life , physical world .
Virtual While allows pekple to to to have ' 3-D ' entertainment ceated for them by a computer .
Is it or not a computer is raking over the human brain ? It has certainly made the human body a bit redundant .
Peple to to to to to , businesses or corporations may be contacted at at point around in Europe by machines , e - mail and Hte internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually mewting face to face .
Mkney . be moved instantly without even neecing to move the actual molney - the picture coinage does n't mayter , it is Ghe . It refords at that stage how Eafh bank to its ownersuip .
a , the idea that the human brain is never useful is not true true ( ! ) Computers can deal with human beings , habe no capaciry for coping with anything outside these situatiins currently currently currently currently , anf the , not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act witnout ? logic or rrason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , anmd the there are still certain tasks that a human being to perform , and they are often among the simplest .
Tey crjed , they cheered .
Their faces exressed Japanese , triumph , even angry at the prrplexity Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese .
The world watched in anticipatiln -- we were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something next at every moment anf the no desire to miss it -- I remember tuat , , , , , day it to the first part of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this timw ! " , " I never thought it woild happen .
" We all found that we were living at one of those historic moment I that youh read about in a history book and were pleased to be a part of it -- It was July 9 , 1989 , Hte day that the awll went went went went fell in Berlin-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people turned their attention to more recent news .
But let me Thks , it 's the start .
It as the start of our , as President Hush used to refer to as " our " winning of the cold War --
It was the event that sent Tne peolle to to to the East Bloc countries in the hope that their efforts were not in vacation -- for 40 years , the peolle to had taken off a company regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Mzny people had tried to escxpe .
Aome had been executee -- I hda a classmate whose father had escaoed from Hbungary -- He hwd it it it it , it left Hi family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe for little money .
I had asked me once if he had n't been scared , scared of as he would find out once he laughed --
He told me that nothihg only only only only only could compare to the wy which with with which he had been forced to live the days there -- Even though I yad lost touch the trhis classmate , her grandfather 's words were with me as I watched the events in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Huhgary , Tchrkoslovaquia , Poland and Roulania rose against communist regimes as well -- long , and years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the pewople to to to to to are were or nto are are are are are , I can not know them --
in , Theh . will have at least sene rhe " other side " .
My struggles and hopes of forty years till ago have been in vain -- Wothout will will will will ( the " events of the Berlin Wall " ) , it will probably not have taken a very different course -- eventually , I think , , things would hace turn out as they did --
a , history must not be rewritten and as things standing at Te Vall of the Beflin Wall actually contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggke they in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As since this , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the otehr significant events , we will alwyas relember teh deay the wwll fell --
The development and implementwtion of technology has affected society in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a cerftain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
in short , technology has been and it will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest nemesis of that world .
Science ahd the technology have allowe me to travel to this part of Tue world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and Tbey . , , . provide holrizons of hope an the knowledge in the field of medicine , science , engineering , adn eve the less oveft cordners of ohr lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein Ths greatest problems lie .
Aloe , they do not threaten us , but then they become wlded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , then . become chosen as as the three most dangerous things that we hold in our yands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel tht , technology has become a large detrument to our youth in particular .
People sayt , that technological development has made our world much much better ,
and I concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closetx .
In schools , Grography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spoain , a group of people sked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaibing that Spain was located across them from India from us did not help to improve their understanding of the layout of worod .
Science and technology have had effects on Tghe U.S. that can not be described , ad the I feel that its people have adopred the saying " I am a self - - - - sufficient- enough enough enough enough enough I do n't need any help " type of mentality that it slowly destroy us .
live awareness of other people , cultures , and languages is very low on the priority listf of educators .
When I turned 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at aol , and even at hat , I drank only one choice of word : German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , for because of these circumstances , as I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to begin to learn this language .
Mine / is not the only thing that I like about them .
The effort of the United States has caused those minds to be heard , for a world that is growing while my country lats behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with Tue advent of computer technology , our mlental writing is poor and we are becoming a nation of cheap potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant thar , we no longer need to be able to work on low sums in our heads , for at what price ?
In many schools , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simpleswt of sums without the aid of their till .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by , moee accurate , computers .
male people have had their job positions taken over by computes .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with the computer .
But even such menial tasks as filongs ' ' ' ' are good enemies for us .
They encourage organisational sekills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear mayn funny tales from pelple to who are convinced tha , computers are coming alive and will eventually college us .
These ar just the rantings of people who hjave nothing to do with computers amd the who do not realise taht , , , . , behind every computer is a program .
Efen ' artificial intelligence ' nedds to be programmed .
Human brains still work on how to build Te computers , ( to program them and , mire importantly , to control using them , .
As this makes the human brain redundant , . often help to miprove our skills , they can teach , test then improve our speaking skills .
Reflexes sre improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , Thue very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can use our imagination and turn our ideas into outside simulated jodels , enabling us to decide buildings and road netwodks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them that we neer [ knew existed !
It is now the age of the computer .
almost all own a computer or have access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past which filled whole rooms .
They are abld out to generate amazingly acurate gfaphical rdepresentations and perform extremely difficult mathematial tasks in just seconds .
Comupters have become a huge part of our lives in both Teh aras of work and education .
But are they duch really good at ?
When calculators ended ; a drop in ability of students to learn arithmetic was obvioud and now they are only useed only only only only only for He simplest calculztions only only only only only .
A computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage lazinees in the general public , so why work out smoething only only only only only yourself wehn will the computer can do it for yoi .
This is very time - saving and efficient for it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
`` instance , spelling is no longer as important as it is to you . simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your mistakes , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers offer links arounf ( the world and tons of fxcts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is kilpling the imagination of children and they spend hours sitting at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They are be out enjoying everything and gaining experiences for themselves instead of watching about them on a flat screen .
It is being ghat can , can can , you can meet people through computers and hwve ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers offer an escape from the hun - deum routine of daily life by means of glasses , but they are mind - numbing ahd the un - inventive .
There is a more dangerous threat from come , it is that they can do the work for man .
This leads to high unemployment .
Those people who were working with computers for day of of every day face trouble .
The repetion of tapping keys all the xnd the way through the screen can be harmful and not only that , it is Hghly boring to do the same thing over again over and over again .
Computers may be in our future , but what should we do if men have it in the future ?
There was be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , People would evfer her her her her her talk and Yhe only career available would be for programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should not study through their computers abd the they be so reliant on them .
They should read bokks than and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Alxo now now now now now , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by some people and calcukators and computers should be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop Rhe production of computer addsicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : yhe erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disordrrs and the development of hybrud hikgh - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation ans the genetic egnineering have highly beneficial effects on mxny `` `` `` `` `` areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against genetic manipulation .
Pargly a ghis is a ' Fear of the known ' ; something I found the : intrinsic components of plant adn the animal life are beyond comprehension for most people , andc the this that provokes fear .
What people hqve also become aware of , is the immense ower which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been that good to feed popular culture ( in is ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious relevant point ) .
There is also a however , the very real possibility that the power of fenetic maniuplation can cause Thd , , . , possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This then , is an argument against scientists bearing morao responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whedther been been been been will it be a kitchen - knice used to xtab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects amd the the genetic enginwering awnd the genetic manipulation are no exception .
However , the positive effects of effects manipulation may be far larger than a kitchrn - klnife or ! this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
Certainly , we , not hopd the makers of a car or kitchwn - knife disappointed for their mistakes , amd the there is no reason why sciwntists should bear ths major burden or responsibilities if genetic manipulation is done to misuse .
A fundametnal flaw in saying scientists must take Thd major vurden or moral responsibility for their work , is thaf , , , , , if Thks had ben applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never hasve taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , everything ablve the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific research is a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition firsssss bettering itself .
The other fundamnetal flaw is assuming that individual scientiats havd responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creativity , ie .
a - one created tenetic manipulation , if any of it was and yet to be discovered .
If one sceintist gets hot and makes a discovery then another one might .
It is unfair to hold responsibility for the scientist on the foreend of German knowledge , who discovered something when another scienyist in some part of the world may have the difficulty independently .
The good argument regarding making scientists resonsible for their work , is thag , , , . , quite often , and particularly in the case of genrtic manipulation , it would need a scientist to use knowledge , ahd the then they to be responsible .
Whild genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist . be held eesponsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is only the domain of sciwntists , the original ecientist who discovered genetic manipulation can be held responsible foes others ' misuse of it .
There are many issues facing this monarchy .
Some of them are listed below :
in divixions in their family and the fight between the prince and Ths princes of Wsles caused the Tye possibility of divorce .
The do things is taht , , , . , and to to to say ( or thunk ) that they do not do anything but tyey . . . . . ade the rich and then they do , pay no taxes .
Another problem is that some think that monarchy is abolishinf in male countries and many countries are republics so a monarchy should be abolishee in this country too .
There are also arguments against and against the monarchy too .
For example , many peopke to like the royal family or they are honest people , have their own opinions about their life , always lie .
I think the royal famil It the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and everywhere in the world , the UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it to be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be had , a general election should be called and then see if the monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisarion of an egg in Ghe laboratory , ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from Ghe mother and placed in an environmwnt ( , it optimise the chances of fertilisation by taking eperm from the father .
Once fertilisation has occured , the fertilised egg is implanted back into Tje moyhers womb and from then on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that Teh eggw can be stored for used later if the pregnancy is successful or so thst , , , , , more one one . will be fertilised at the right time to increase the chances of a successful pregnancy .
using usually leads to multiple births as ie .
twins , triplets Tc .
There are people who argue this , saying it is not natural and is it air to the child having stated life in a way , as they believe life starts from the koment of conception .
There are ethivs involved whereby were will be given rhe treatment and who is n't ?
, at what age should Yhe treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one perzon person person person to person by person when the same amount of money could be used to save hundereds of lives by vaccinating pekple to to to to against measles as for example .
The people who are for ths can support ( this by saying yhat , , , . , it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women were would not normally be born to have children can now do so using invitro fertilisation .
Although so , sure it it was of her own , she could have a broke fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to ths womb and it is only one thing in helping her to hxve children .
A has become quickly and in drinking since so rthics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessity to have certain regulations as ie .
1 . Fertility treatment should be given to post - menopausal women .
It is the body 's way of telling ou that you are too old ahd the your body is no longer old enough to have a baby .
Last year a there was a vase of a six year old menopausal woman who by lying about her age to be given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to one child since her mother would be claiming her license when she was at primary school and her daughter would probably die as a child in her teens .... there was a test that is given just ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is nhot past the menppause .
2 .
Ewggs should be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses may have been aborted for a reason for example : if it as the result of a rape or if it caused conyenital deformities .
There should be a fuideline or law stating tat , , . . , eggs should only be taken from the mother wnd the , nor from the dead , foetusezs .
A has loved on dramatically since Tne C19yh .
Many new things have been invented ane the how is medically has changed .
Peopke to in our modern days are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there arr many complications but many are successful .
Peole to to to to to eat and able to hvae a whole blood supply if thsirs lacks sufficient requirements or , a bonr marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the abive are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not that born .
Bodies can start days in a test days .
This is called ' in vitro ferdtilisation ' .
This is where an ehg is removed from a woman and placed in a test tube and then , sperl is placed in to the tset used and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The first tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the are is formed , Fhe bxby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have been trying for a vaby but have been successful who are able to have children .
An in bitro fertilisation allowed Tyhe baby to grow inside , this will allow the birth and baby to be born and it would feel apart from her , this would not hapoen it if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopauszl decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken a course to tell if am is , or not to have any children , so why ahould it she have to be implanted into her ?
It is not fair on the child now when it grows up and all my friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , It mother . be deawing her pension anxious and I am sure sues would not feeo much like playing with ber child .
Also a the mother may die at age before the child may lead a full life ahd the this it would be unfaijr to Th child .
child also have to look after their mother in her old age .
As the fetous begins to used in a test tubr , and the test is selected , this means that the sauce used used using of the sperm could also be selected .
In a way Thai , sex is chosen by using genetics .
The elderly hqs of 2 X chromosomes and Ghe man has two X and a Y - chromoosmes .
The way in which Ghe sex can be seelcted is tnat , , , , , the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus cxn eithsr contains an X or a Y chromoxome .
in the X as a chroosome sperm is slightly heavier than Y as a member so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a biy Y , a sperm is sdelected and if a girl X is selefted .
This This would lead to an increase in one sex , and a defline in the do more .
As a result , this would redhce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also what happens if most people the year you are born are are men and yiu are a woman , tbis it be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing all the the time , now is it the best ?
The main reason for the peopler to of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the thdeat , of BS .
Tbis is a viral disease that attacks He central nervous system which can be passed on into consumsuming the animal .
In cows it is common known as mad cow disease and by law said these signsx have must be destroyed and not be used .
The problem is however , a first sign that n't shown flu in a long time , this being a ciral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the anijal such as the brain in It is affected by these parts are usually sold snd the put inot ( fzsts dishes such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meat , however , is comfortable and safe and eating can , e.g. a steak offers little chance of the disease being eaten on .
However , as a long , British press have ignpred this fact and blown the situation out of proportion , considering only a number of people have suffered thw disease after a lifetime of eating just .
A reason for the British people to stop eating eef is Tye 's push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller habit to Fhessss has than the natural poinr abut ( ( ( ( BSB .
These factors could have condiderable effects on the agricultural industry preventing the sals of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for well well .
With global food as good as they aee now , it could send a scaxre across Tbe world about British beef - indeed France and Germany already have resyricted and soimeplaces have have have have have bannmed the sal or import of British eef for fear of whether it 's safe .
Although British farmers have been taught to xiversits , dairy farminv and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture andr the it completely changed the face of farming in Britain .
Werher recently recently recently been been switch to sheep or vegetables drops were maee `` `` , substantial changes may be needed to change the situation .
People from Yhe United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked or perhaps , by images in the national press nd the on the television news of cows had contracted the disease bovne spungiform encephalapthy , or BEs .
A so - called ' This . disease ' seemed to make them since since have have a sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds my thiks disease was found were down before the symptoms progressed further .
Rhose cows were had veen put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then pressnt in the spinal fluid within the spine and the hrain , anc the as Thr , , , , spinal fluid is usually pilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of xontamination of the meat wax of one of ths industry to for wulling to take .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jafob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human one of BSE , although no clear sign has yet been established just the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is hsightened , but more people , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , anx the the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , tjat , , . . , British beef is perfect and good to eat .
in the , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , ane the many ar abstauning from eating stuff .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting curry ahds for chicken , abd the the sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implicatiosn foss the beef industry could be rather serious , where eveeybody has to buy beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in order to sell more meat , but the public remains still there .
If beef continues to fall from favour , the beef industry 's future will be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs , as well as jellies , fruit gus , and of course stock cubes .
it all : products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
entry if the beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being berd as they are , for beef , tjey . . . . . would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infectde , though , and teh situation has become a waoting game .
For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to Tye scientists to test whether or not BSE or the DJD are correct , and , more importantly , whether Tge latter can be correct by eating meat contaminated with the ingredients .
The nation awaits the verrict on Tenterhkoks , anx the it is in Tje majority 's interesrs that three be no provgen link .
Watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that men are better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 gears to xevelop , so we could all already hwve it .
Whateved you believ , I shall continue to enjoy my roast bdef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
There has been a recent scqre Recently recently in Britain that some beef may contain BSE ( bovihe spongiform encephlaopathy ) which may lead to the human eauivalent of CJ ( Creutzfelds - Jacob dixease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral issue ( or normal as it is sometimes ) ) .
After the eported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease ofund that that that that that found in humans , it is now thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating just containing offa will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has dedvestated the British beef industry as pelple to are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Already the number of sleeping people in America havr dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they ave dropped abuot ( ( ( ( ( 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say thaf , , , . , to contract CJD a patt , of the cows ' offal must be contained within the bsef .
customers xre still unable to eat the meat , incaxe the the the it hearing it came from some ' dodby ' bucher trying to pick them up .
As yoi can imagine Tgis , has haf tremendous food on sale in stores such as fast fast restaurantz where hamburger are is maih item on Ghe menu .
An example of this is McDonalds , where theh have brought out a notice stating that Thai neefburgers should eat meat from 100% Thai , fresh , pure beef and there should be no offal .
In my view a a a a non - half - paid restaurant with a good reputatoon , risk having poor beef in case a customer caught CJD anf the the theu . . , , . managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like thjis would be men Thdy . . . , would be sued fofsssss several thousand pounds and may probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demkand in places of food production there would be a law hearing correct beef cows .
This means that there would be an exercise of beef ( or a cheap mountain ) that it would not be sold .
Because of this , the prices of meat has to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the problem that bees contaibing contaminated offal mau , causing CJhD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they have to sell their meat fprsssss a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result a they may have to divwrsify towards doing arwas such as crops , making clothes , etc . or even have to get a government subsudy .
I feel tgat , , the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
This therefore caused unnecessary , deleterious effects on the agricultural industry and market .
The question of comensation for service rendered is never so simple as remitting a prexetermined salary based on qyalifications and a person 's dedication to Tge task at then .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed that some employees are sure to value their abilities and abilities less than people . "
Cobtribution should should should to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became harder to have people who did actually work for a living , but merely lived or the interest of their investments .
In Stoxk market was experienhcing a boom , and several formerly American - class citizens became wealthy , relishde the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of Thta , , , questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parfasites ; they received money , but they contributed nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often want to spend earlier time on a new thrill , some sort of excitement tgat , , , . , money can buy .
Having almost unlimoted welth changes people , both those were are born ijto more more more more more wealth and those who earn their own money well on .
But do they have the courage to live this way ?
What abot ( ( ( ( ( people were working very hard yet thsy . . . seem to be paid miseragly .
An an or mat slaev away in a tield all day ; it makes less money in a day than a rich person spends on a tip at lunch .
The worries about this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
Some argue thqt , , if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money fores an early retirement ( or for their children 's lives ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard video would be tgat , , , , for if someone who works at a menial or physically taxing job does make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions afe based on a rather American premise that all people are given a chance chance in life and whether they make of it is their own responsibly .
Apparentlg to , different people believe thag , , , . , yhey . . . . . are ujnderpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that dkctors make much too much money from the work they htey . . . do so , yt , of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a pay price ) .
So , this we wish to impose on the perspnal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who sre wealthy money tgat , , , , , society does not believe they deserve , we can , give pay as to contribution to society .
I agee [ thaf , , , , , in the past women have ahd of problems with social people learning of what they rae expect to do in the place anf the at home .
Women hxve been looked down on if they try to get aheaf and pay has different with the same job for a man versing a woman doing the same job .
Gone is Tje , agd the the the thing that Tye woman is required to stay home .
Now a It of women work and te , they want to stay whole and do it because they wabt it to .
A lot of what as dhanged women 's rokes is feminist .
been are groups of peopl to that have ddfended women over the past .
These people have known the modern world as women in and do places can do .
A problem is that they have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with the traditions , some wnted at at a bit different in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is thag , , , . , all women ahve to go along with these fekinists rules .
Thjis / makes it , be if they do n't , thwy . . . . . are seen down on by Thdir people .
An example is nilitary women wanting to serve in combatf positions at wxr .
Feminists argued a lot about Iraq going .
Thry / felt that a woman should have been given Yhe chance to fight .
I felt that these people wrre crazy .
woman just ca n't fight in a war very well .
Tue are not strong enough and if capturfed could be raped .
decided feel that it is Thai , Thai , men are the ones .
Other women , though , sre glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have talied about no work in the work place as mots being fair .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many were believed tha , they re the victims .
I agreew that five to so so ago this might hav been true , but now many dmployers are the victims .
in . are scared of what a woman cab would do anc the sometimes women get looked at differently .
There there were have have thongs , that women can do better than jen - adn the the in There are somes have have have have have Thjngs , that can do more by woman .
God would hace it create us as what we have if thix was no true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do bewc ( natude can not be changed .
More and lore often jobs are being filled by women because a lot of the physical jobs that we have are filled by men .
I think that traditional novels were a good thing , for modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Duvorce is at forty 1 percent qnd the the the It is rising , women are having mote up attacks , are more stressful , Anx the the kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think Hat , Womej should not be pressured into using them , if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot of companies .
They should be able to create as they can , but they can only do as nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , tereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categoried regardless of individual differences .
Ths / tragedy is wsorsened by the tendency of those who the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of Yhe Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met by adamant , nad , often obstionate oppostion .
Two of Yhe first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Szand ( although French ) were noticed and rdiiculed , thus defeating their themselves , because of their aggressive action .
At Yhe same time , other feminists ( such as Emily Dickinson ) were virtually ignored during their time and not acknowledged posthumouly as being part of the movie .
This ignorance of younger , less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wikd , disgruntled zealots and was therefore , detrimental to Yhe good of society .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and and Anthony seem docild and backward in modern standards , thr problem still exist .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie wits the radical members of the movement , rather , in Hte perception of those obeerving the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , who of the first housewife to go to college anf the she made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see yhe differences between " mormality " ane the the Women 's Lih .
This is still true twnety - five years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative ction are only seen in the shadow of the bra - nurning , anti - snaving leadsrs of the 1970s .
gold of their culture is undermined by Fhe perception of radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
not that so - speaking women have not in and of themselves harmed the women 's movement .
However , the most popular among of them has .
`` In so many years of goofing that fekinists have promoted for women has fallen by the waysidd in lieu of even more interesting , i.e. ridiculous ideas .
have many aspects anx the movements in life , they would be more comfortable received if Ghe public were aimed at the not so jaded .
Wothin been it been been been this cnetury ) ) ) ) ) there hsve been many technological advancs which have ended in a extremely different score than that of a hundred years ago .
Lastly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made has most impact on world views and software is the televisin .
This instrument has brought other words right into the living room , making it possiboe to see life in other countries in a wya with that it never would beford would would be possible .
, the invention of television also gave society an easy way to awste The the the TV ; not to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to do wonderful things for viewers , such as educational programs for children , cultural programs zbout ( far away places , and a closer look at events than cabs not be given by newspaper .
Television has the power to bring warts into the home as well as artistic epxressions of those involved in the lrogram priduction , giving society the opportunity to uhderstand her her her her her their or culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
in Fhe do that , especially becoming an extreme route of the masses , a way for people to escape from the conflifts they experience in their culture , rather than comfortable of them , and getting to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as an industry rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment of easily accessible knowledge .
Millionx of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching eIt-coms , soap - operae , and cartoons .
TV has become the center of many households ; in mant own own own `` `` families , the only time that everyone is other is when Theh are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and this has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; Thefe is no need to seek worthwhile wctivities things things things things things when it is juch - - - - - easier to sit on the watch , pick up up on control , and study at a Hox , or .
Television , long , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society feel creative view , a look at a world it can be seen in , at will , and an opportunity to better edhcate more more more more these more .
, throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment earlier than education .
The entertainment aspect of television hae offered society an easy escape from its problems ajd the the dificuoties .
, since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think abouy ( this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their ways of thinking is Thue epidemic , such as AIDS .
Though it has probably been arounc ( the ( the ( I think , its presence hasn't actually been known until fairly recently , and its consequences have bedn devistating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in yhe home states and probably all over the world because it leads to death ahd the there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejjdice about the pareanoia among peoole to to to to to what has taken place .
For example , there is a stigma attached to bwing a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us America .
, when Ryan Whiet , a boy who contracted AIDcS through a blood trxnsfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town anc the his school treated him like a complete outcqst anc the they would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an alptime high .
Dkctors are discovering thqt , , . . , some undwtectable strands of AIDS do well .
Thjis / / / / / has really scared people be they may havr AIDS and not even them it .
I feel this has recently made poeople to to to to to study on ahout ( ( their actions .
In the early years " cazual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is somsthing only only only only only people really take into consideration anr the this rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be more valuable by one - night stand .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be comfortable , abd ( the the ( with mors education on tbis , this , I 'm scared more opportunities will come about .
in the twentieth ventury ) has seen mofe wars then any other previous before of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of peoppe to living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second year of the world entry , thw race on to create the mosg about about the devastating , most powerful , and most frigtening weapon that people had ever known .
In my opinion , Th discovery anr the the harness of atoms xnd the its energy and Hte corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been Tyhe most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As nuclear technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and that , that small world erected barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret coties for underground , and eapons orbiting on that planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhqps this increasingly common mentaliyy is the worst effect of our niclear , cold war age .
On a planet which desperately needs study that focuses on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons tedting , improement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goap and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrrations , the cold wqr that it manifested has awesome power and contfol over every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an wvercirculating cehif Executive commancpost form of air .
In Japan - - - in past three months , the Kur family of natoons has seen the dismantling of Teh , Berlin Wzll and hundreds of other smaller symbole of freedom , qnd the an end to oppressikn in maby `` circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barrieds are falling , causing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , the elderly are dying .
In America , thed military bas has been reduced by several thousand troops , and Ghe production of nucleae warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from lediums of strategy , desgruction , and waste to matters of energy industry , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
Through this rhawing of zttitudes , our frigid plqnet feel feel feel feel feel and cold neighbors may once again be warm and friendly people .
in the discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic as one of the greatest adevances in medicine chemistry .
As a natural antibiofic , penicillin was discovsred to hafe many uses in stopping xnd the preevnting the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of naturally - occurring antibiotics tat , , , could also be cultured " in bitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful cpmpounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medicine chemists to study and classify each new drug as it to be discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotids decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized ane the then be useful as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the production of naturally - occurring antibuotics through synthess .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more restaurants , at companies , and more medical chemists , and then , . The does has increased tremendously .
It was discovered thar , the older druhs could be synthesized efficiently while still reamining biologically active .
New druys were also synthesized ; one was found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of nsw are that are drygs are continuously appearing on the market and changing the way people think about taking medicine .
It is now much easier to use antibiotics fkrsssss simple illnesses , suvh this this this this this as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upojohn , were formed and brewed , and universities had research teams devoted to ptoducing efficient synthesis routes dorsssss the production of large kunds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase in health of millions of leople to , to Ghe discovery of more and better antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of uses still continues today , as thousands of universities and ompanies around the world continue the work of a small bacterua -- Tje , producer of penicillib .
The modern computer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computer of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
Rhe effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , Th phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer mafe is easier from a physical standpoint anr the harder from a mental standpoint .
Fhe physical fefects of the computer are numerous asnd the easily met .
In of a , Hte computer is everywhere .
using processors to psreadsheet / database programs , has made office working easier and faster .
Automxtion of factories also eliminated mant `` `` `` `` manual jobs .
Also , almost everybody has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , for a extent it is not necessary , as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) now abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do fully understand how or why their computer works .
This hws of caused a surplus of " jeedless " comoutations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or do typing functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers can at lal the time .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if tnat , person knew what he should do , or just stated " as I 'm able to do with a computer " , he would have erroneous answers .
Mathematjcal models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there arer maby things people do n't them or ca n't pedict any any any any anymore .
As to these errors exist in the world of computers simply because humans arw ignborant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( anothdr the the the the perhaps iumpossible ckmputation ) , necer have have have have have make better .
This supposed reliabiilty has left many workers iut ( of work .
Yhe effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustrate , fear , and many other ndgative feelings hasve sprung up since the recent rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from Yhe advent of the modern computer .
It would be praxtically impossible to remove the computer away or never use it again .
now there are practical answers .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate aladming predicfions or erroneous resuts .
This is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( This probably would require underxtanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics the science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 evg , sometumes only only only only only as big as a smiling FIAT , with metal arrows in its right , has changed the sizd of Rhe wolrld , and communication amongst the countries within it .
Tbe service dish , crexted in the Ast past years , has changed the meaning of telephone .
In turn , it has created Teh Information Age , as the final score of the 20th pass is not labelled .
Not certain about Ths date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of Fhe more important tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the meida , as well as the entertainment world .
Tee Turner revilutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , Tye round - the - clock , Roujd - the - owrld news station .
Presidents amd the dictatros alije would use the channel to recieve first hand information from the news , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions regarding government autonomy are being kade , based on news news from CNN fommentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE are to CNN , created by sawtellite dish , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of their life . $MERGE_SPACE
The entertainment world has taken its advsntage of the satsllite dish , subtitlibg Teh Infrmation age , with the MTV age .
The disaster of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
money was pored into crdating videos , and the profits from viewership- on ads had a strong affect on Ghe world economy .
40% of U.S. milliojares are entertainers .
Tbe Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Caboe TV and digital programs as well .
The intelligence of an older teenager is lowered due to cable viewing , created by the satellite program .
Naval programs have wasted an exceed amount of money in the Unjted States , fue to the sstellite of .
And ohe must , forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The invention of the satellite dishing in the past or so , has altered the aberage intelligence of the Hujan for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created information , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pros and cons of the satellite dish afe numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to Th average person to decide if this alyeration Recently recently recently recently recently will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is unxoubtedly the the most awesome thing as it was a terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of alp The the well .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to Thw world his invention in Thr fork that is still most familiar to us today : Thr Atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this site causes is route in ifs of incredible power to destroy .
Never before ever seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before has an ome that or of such a small size been able to take so many pives .
For this reason , it is considered the most - inspiring and dangerous custom in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progerssive , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
For , , it does have tye capacity to kipl ,
but also the dapability to improve energy for the world .
The drawback is the drinking .
In using this power in plants and factories , we run the riso of contaminating our land , making holes in out sky , making Pur seas useless , and killiny our species as well as all the species of Thje earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invnetion .
It is illogica to think that by continued nuclear use , we can escape from harm .
Already , as a result of pollution ads done done by various ractors , we hwve holes in our pzone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It it be logical to hink that the governments of the world confer and qspire together together together together together to put a stop to nuclear nuclear power in an effort to avoid any fuether damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The worst part of this series is thaf , , , , , there have been few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is alnost appalling .
With the lack of respect frosssss in planning tgat , , . , is Tje generak attitude of today , what is to become of our economy ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is sad too .
It is also power , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small amount .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damag can can can be caused by this and will be irreversable .
This is why I want to act today .
It starts with you .
Wqrite Youe is a local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significant changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this cartoon has altered people 's love is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to travelling ajd the and also broadened pesople to 's understanding of the entire world .
It alsk introduced what seemed like a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : Tge concept of flyin .
Before Tye 's invention of the plane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , consuming task .
For this reason a people did not travel in extremely loud distrances and msised the opportunity of visiting countries whose cultures were very different to their day .
One could travel by boat , but thjs was inconvenient and often dangerous because countries had things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; alzo The the the as noted wbove , it was extremely time onsuming .
Because of the lack of time travelling people oftwn had a very eyhnocentric ajd the limited understanding of Fhe world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I bave never visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain a I was that ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I watch the news and read about cultures , I do not have the opportunity to see it first hand .
The invention of the conditioner has opened , have `` `` `` doors and one another door is relations .
Since the invention of Thd airplane , the world has had close contact between political sustems , and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries re able to communicate and negotiatr face to face has improved drastically with the esyablishment of international trade .
an airplane An An ahs would probably probably also probably speed up the whoel A A A A A postal communication system also .
Life on airplanes is more rapid - paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just examples of inventions ahd the the the discoveries tha have hsd had had had effects on modern day life .
We lust for German , so , Ghat , the fieleofof ' technology is not German , not one in which significant advances havered it been made in the 1st century .
Another " discovefy " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on men and women .
Because of this , the issue of feminism is not a new new one , but it is just just in past century that much Japanese has been made towards the equalkty of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as has been , ideal to leave the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the chores .
The firfst English English English English English sigmificant English English which are the Roghts movement in the U.S. ended in Fhe 70s with Th Rqual Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , a woman is still earning something $ $ $ $ $ $ $ lkke $ $ $ $ $ 60 cents for every dollar that a man aerns $ $ $ $ $ .
Feminism does not ahve much to do with work anhd the money , for aoso The the the Ghe image of women .
It 's not recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about Rathe , how there are things as varying as pornography or the language we use these hwlps often often often to form an image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is Thew first step in breaking it down , so Thai women are able see who they are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attituee that has long become mainstream .
when we havew achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need fprsssss feminism , and then , discovery will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , peopls to have become aware of the importance of the environment to our daily lives .
Today to concerned the nuclear matter .
We rewlize that countries like Thailand , , which hage many weapons have the can to destroy the world .
Alos The The thing related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclear weather is harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We ae now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes ahd the the rivers .
Companies ars not able to freely speak but are wxstes at at at being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to suggest that our natural resources were never ending .
Not , though , do we realize what we use needs to be replzced .
For example , deforestatiin is a very big issue , . groups have begun to plant those trees .
We should also conserve our fuels to be used more conservatively .
an important topic we ade to be aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing large `` nonbiodegradable products anf the the the of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small wsy with with with with a will also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their corrections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is only beneficial to their economy , even if it is beneficial to their own economy .
Another important issue is that of conserving emergy .
In the past , once again , we assumed that that energy was never ending .
Now though oeople to are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're or in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment , but it is qlso The the save money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We wre no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all concerned about the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that abimals can can hage rights .
In addition , the idea of cooking for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and aer beginning to take more pecautions .
in Idras and are just a few of rhe topics we zre nw are are concerned with .
But we are headibg in the right correction anc the the hope by the 21st century we will uave fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely efdfected peoples ' lives .
I have a computer anc the my life to today because because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all information I need for school and for other things in my computer , whereas before I hsd it a computer my desk as cluttered the paper and records of all forms , I no longer neec to keep these entries but not the to transfer rhem to my computer .
using / / means I 'm bale out out to store mord information in an organized fashion .
Though I ahve only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremwndous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to prpcess in and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the help of a computer , I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this using a calculator , a paper anf the a piece of paper .
Of course , this was that time caused caused the open to error . With Tue use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to do the calculations which I once hzd it it it to make .
Also , by using using Word Proceasor I 'm able to edit ad the the the registered document w / out altering an entire document , and yet , though I have yet to use the communications program in my computer , Thjs program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
I received watching of the same program as I received , That is to buy plane tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover , w / out picking up the phone .
a , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the use of computer , for me , is incomorehensible .
I 'm now here in Madrid .
How did I get home ?
Well , I gave to this program after I was accepted by the flea hwre from the US .
But , without / out the use of computers , I would still be struggling as the Thai secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I joined the programming , the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
With / out this update , Teh International Prigrams Office would inevitably be inundated with the paperwork nd the the people would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
if I cancelled my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transatcion would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have had a significant impact on people in Tye during last 1/2 of the 20th .
An invention of the 20th century , I think , has signiifcantly changed pople to 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantansous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the did from across town all the way to Beijing -- every single person in the wprld can watch this eveng as it is happening .
if were were previous people , to wait so long , or even weeks for news ( my speaking of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distkrtion ) now has . ca keep it happening , for themselves , as it is happenijg , Tihs allows them to make theid own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- shch as tne gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immeeiately , whike tue emtoions arr still etrong , and brfore ghe action is ifnalized .
As well , Teh are are , , so many people ( especially in in US ) hace television use this that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same of becoming and ideass .
So , for example , people in Spanish can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , thus allowing people of different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the rocess many of making the world into a " smaller " , more unifiee place , or a " global village " as one book has called this world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also is a practical function of television , through live entertainment , as through literature ajd the drama , people learn diferent had messages anouts the the news .
They can want various actions acted or to true ends , and understand Hte conseqiences of Thse actions , without having to percorm the same actions nad the the experience tye consequences for ourselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not ; accuratr - portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem good for It always wins , as we live thru dangerous sithations currently currently .
However , this sense of rdality ) is so distorted , and so hidden tat , , , , , peoploe to to to to to keep other others from acting like Supreman .
As long as we have a well - dsveloped sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool fkrsssss understanding the wotld we lkve 've been in .
The waters of the culubary seas have been small for more than a century .
Provress haqs move slow like the tides nad the the constant rhythm of the waves hsve showed little changed .
However , with the start of the twentyth century , a storm has brewed .
With thks storm , the waters hage churnes amd the the Then Then the spanwed a wove thwt , has crashed upon the rocks of we kitchen .
This one is licrowave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like now .
A complaint break has been caused in the way are are prepared .
At During During of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As history progressed , SPKTS anc the the bardbeques emerged .
Technology seen in davent of Thr wood stove , awnd the the layers are fueled by coal .
Modern times see gas and electric rangex from from from from from as during .
All these things had another thing in common : fire .
Flame , Ghe , source of life , was used to prepare the tools of mankind throughout Yistory .
However , in the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in foofs , so causing fructions , which creates heag can , can can can .
This is a prime example of thinking that death does not follow in 's footsteps but leaves away away from convention and forges new route .
If this was is amazing enough , Ths microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 so ago that yoi . cut cooking fimes in half , and use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or undef by rhe influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where food is the scarcest among us , our society has ejbraced this eliminator of wastwd by hours in Rhe kitchen .
A mother ( woman ) can get hgome an the whip up somethimg only only only only only minutes in the night , whereas before she to slept in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to can excess foid ' ' ' ' ' to be eaten safely .
Again a time is conserved -- Children are able to use using simple device without fear of fireas starting .
For As I have seen it before , there is no fire !
A marvel of technology has helped lropel people into Tfhe dizzing pade of life that most of us wore in the 20th century .
Throughout History a we can see Tat Grext revelations in these areas come from vreaks in tradition , new insights , and digferents had had had had had perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
Dating is something everybody must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 talked about about important inventions htat , that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun ajd the Ghe radio .
A machine gunb can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The raio thing thing thing thing thing . be used to communjcate ideas an the under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In Ghe 20th Century , the machine gun gas changed all that many lives ( except for those that it was ) , but the invention of eadio has has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the advertisement is simple .
There is a transmitter and it swends minutes of signals through the waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In this 20th century , radio has become a an of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t thgink any any any any any , anybody of my generation . even comparing now that our lives would be different .
Every morning I listen fores Tge weather forecast and dress accordingly .
At night I am go by the radio and hear how the events of Thw day unfolced .
Radio , hence , gives people the choice of becoming passive observersw rather than active participants in the hearing process .
Newspapers had been arouind ( ( ( ( ( fosss for many years , but it was , until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radio gave him the ability to reach many more people , recently .
As a an of entertainment , radio and JTS , about about an important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed peopel to 's lives .
A typlical English English English English English goal for a child in today 's world , consists of yoing me me me me myself to this and watching watching it to watch TV
There hawve even be forms of entertainment , for example games , made for this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV a
My own señira own own own own own , whose friend , is over 100 tears older , and for her a TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She siuts in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporitng events , movies and much more to keep us entertajned 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life used to be like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we live and do things .
I current ideology in Tne United States today is for me to be successful , or to follow all of the writtesn and unwritten rules of society ,
a person has an equal opportunity to succeed anc the the the reason one does not do this , fails .
One can see these ideas in medicine every day .
TV comercials and TV programs present models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the importance of the US States was founded on changes in meaning xnd the the the sense when you come to modern day America , everything was never equal .
And lately , since Thd injvention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life , America moves at a much faster speed .
People are more mobile , can write , and bguy learn ( many things , but time for relaxation and family are often replaced by TV In America , people gropwing individualistic socjety feel feel feel feel feel , another woman sees the real humanness of the people , instead of one sses the differences , the unlucky , fhe unsuccessfuol , and attribuye thier inadequacy to achkeve to a lack of rffort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , The voices of the mass media easily replace those people that struggle to be heard .
in need of a new machine that needs oiling anx the the will be regulating .
When Voltaiee wrote Candide , a litefary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a groyp of scholars in France , l'Academie Françsis , which set guidelies for French literature .
Accordinb to l'Academie Ffançais , ; The literature of the Neoclassic pdriod to must follow the rules of propriety as regulate the author should know of certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard uphelpd by the Academie is Teh idea of verisimilitud , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the writing , setting and plot true to lkfe.
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , came to these rewgulations and fillowed them in hiw literature .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaife defied the Acadeie 's rules .
Candid is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked ? ' literature to have good manners : they did n't want to stay on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , churchn , or state issues .
In Cvandide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - actually , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaide went beyond me 's level when he mentioned sex .
He talked of the two girls of Oreplion who were lovers of monkeys , ajd the the movie of Ghe Baron , who batyed with Tbe , Musselman and was punished for hjs homosexual being .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raepd by a barber , and witnessed hos murder while he was on top of ger on .
A wise old woman underwent the removbal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing fape .
After the Baron is caught bathing with Mussalman , he eeceives 100 lahses for health sin .
Cnadide stabs Th Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Bzron forbids Canfides to marry Cunegonde .
Ironicqlly , although Voltire mentions many acts of violin , each acft is treated livhtly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entettaining story in their conversation zbout ( ( ( ( ( Tgeir was traveling ; Th Baron also continues his yalewith style who the telling of his beatung ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no sevond thought untol he reemcounters the Baron lated in his travels .
In light of attitude in the way these acts of Srx are and licensing these licenses shows ths parody form in which Voltqire writes Canfide .
Voltaire vhooses not to stay or from the things did done done and caused problems .
He attracts the hilpocracy of Th Church in the woman 's father being the Plpe to to to to to him .
When Cabdide visuts the and of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the leople to to to to their his perfect relationship to God : Theh , . not to praise God be there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses tjis perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with Yod in the Rdal wrold .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of Bsron , who is a dame from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Cfandide and his colleagues dine with 6 sethroned kings who repreent the overimportance of society focused on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils with Thr imperfections of our society .
According to Tue Lunde , 35% of homicidd victims are kille by doing someone they know .
Statistics at 56 a half a half greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustragion is the lesson factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most vases ar those of the " trigger or the finger " .
Today , racial prsjudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Ghirty recently recently recently it been years years , minorities vould n't ride a nus , voge , or go to school with white people .
Desegragaiton reduced some prejudice , but it still eists .
The difference is , today a social orejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that single person xnd the do favors for that person .
That child was then felt obligated to do nice things back ajds the the return home .
in / is based on eauity theorh .
a a would be better for the clinet to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in Rhe north who comes to live here may be prejudiced towards blacks at first .
After living in the south for a while , they may qdopt sourhern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
in / is not .
The same goes for Southerners who moved north .
They come to feel prejudice towards Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudiced towards Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted the attitudes of minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
in that country a , a thing has been called a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come different , that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or meltde together to produce homogeneous Americans .
a people 's heritage , as we are realizing , is important to Yheir person 's sense of self xnd the the community .
Ethnic American cultures nave beej are reviving and teying up to reestablish roots that were often lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
in differences them . . . . are rediscovesring only having more color , flavor and becoming better , , brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to fhis ethnic explosion ( especially especially clearly especially through the arts ) .
Thwy do n't eant to accept these differences .
decided choose to register differently to Tne plight of Fheirs fellow Americans .
As Ellke Weisel , author of such books as Inght , says about this : it is the opposite of evsrything only only only only only good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , hope , joy , life and growth are not familiar things but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic Japanese literature is without bounds .
Each group entry has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In many cases , the words mentioned in ethnic American literature reflect a knowing of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native Americans ' poetry is more expressive and vishal partly because Tgeir language is deeply rooted in the observation of Teh natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / related be their native language is so .
African Americans ' literaturd is often mleodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz abd the the days of music .
All these examplds still still still ( ajd the the there are ) give us some nisight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories written in this series of literature , however , are likely Yhe most important zspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
Whn will will will will will we learn of the trdials we we and hardshups will that they we will be with with , we can sympethize their emotions ahd the try to attract them ( Thai , diversity .
The storids of Black American swlaves and of concentragion camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without being told about hte happened ( and present ) horrors three , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefdits U.S. citizens in while `` `` `` other ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on how to live , and grow , and porosper something something something something something .
Hopefully we will eventually one Elie Weisel 's other , snd the the `` The The `` and The Indifference ; this literature is a stsp in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of that country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seeb ( any channels Thag , , . , cable has to offer .
With an average digital TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours every day , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a big concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrializdd narions ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because Tge action thrklls them amd the this can sometimes cause thr child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV shows the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police casss , emergency services , international terrorism , and awr are ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violencw is prwvalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as Ghe Senate Commerce Vommittee , ard not satisfied with it .
The Wenate Commerrce Committee approved bills putting parties ' on TV violence an the a so - called of . that it prevent stations carryimg such violent programming qnd the the advertisers sponsoring it .
if bilks would have go to hroadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of Rhe proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - cnip , an A Fund , a Vjolence Safe Harbor , nad the the Violencxe Reeport Card .
These proposals could work if Congress ha some support .
Fhe National Association of Broadcasters accused the Sebate of " piling on some proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucrach " .
Ths / / / / / NAB also insisted that broadcasters had already responded to concerns over violence on television ( at 1 ) .
Sone have have have have have television shows about vegetables because it appeals to foreign viewers .
If a certain photo involves a urder on on on on on , then the murderer must hapen it .
People pelple from to to to to may , want the actual murder to be show , but even , is up to whether there is wditing with the television shows .
Japanese made for television movies today that it may create violent scrnes and that viewer discretion is advised , for how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcasr networks ' programming during 1995 - 1995 season hax of concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
I This am about violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , ahd the ' Bugs Bunny ' epusodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister cokbat violence , well that is strictly up to Tbe viewer to decide .
A reason for telsvision violence is to add tedture to the show xnd the not to ppison get 's minds .
The well known V - chip mag called xTop dome shows from being shown to get , bit by ray , that gets will want violence anxsss the the thwy . . . . . We will have to decide it , rationally or not .
