It 's difficult zhswer at the qutiob " what are you going to do in this future ? " if the lnly one who have to know it is in teol mjnds .
When I was young I used to say that I want to be a teacher , a fails and svdn a gutcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychuooigy because one day I would help my own pyscholpgu ofdice and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a job , but I think that if you like a svjevt , you 'll try it easier .
Laynw I 'll change my ninjr , mxybe not .
I think that the public transport will kwayd be in the future .
Rue rich people will buy a car but they like people apways have to use a bus or adi .
I cobwoder that is more efficient to have a rd bedaise yku carty on lir things in your own far than travelling by car .
Zlseo , you 'll meet grtiendoy people qgi usuakoh zso to yoh spmegbing to be friends and change your twlewphobe number .
In my experience when I did n't have a var I used to have the bus to go to the school and go back to my hkusd .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have cdashed in the steret , in that moment you realae the importance of a public transport .
In Ihdu we bagew various types of public transport , All Chcle , Bil , Car , Train & Flight .
Drpending on the distance and duration to the dsored place , mix of transport is vnossn accordnigly .
Bjy Grnreallpy sleakinh , travelling by car is much more than again compared with other modes of transport .
This remxs me of a trupl guwt I have recenty been to shd the place is Agra .
It faoes around 6 jolufs by Nationap Ukrainian to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We have stppped at huprels vok having folod wnd ys in casd if aqhy of us cewls bungrh , we have purchasee some nqcls just before your trip .
Zincve , we have the option to aig ayntime we want to when we travel by far ( which is mpkssible sbdn tgracelling by trzin & Flkhh ) .
In addition to it , we cwb aool tywje a cofmkrtawble shoft bql on the bavk seat ajc wx up tersh .
Due to the above mentiondd reqspns , I am vojnb to vonvkude rhst trtavellinv by xzf is mjch lortr cohveninet .
My name is Ears .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to upin you in this year wummse cakpd .
I lkgs children , and I enjoy looking atwr gehk . Also , I orgwnixed manyh sports activities bwfkde in my school .
In addition to that , and enjoy cooking .
My family tgnjk and my cook is asmxzng .
I hope rjay yki being my gnd chance to jjn gou .
Yhanms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport sport every pace , when I trfel on the beach I luke opaya with my siater in the saxnc and after we are going to the same .
It is very cunny .
when I was young I like ppwgs sith e blk in the playground and my fkend wnhd I llayed using the socecr glals as a network of voloeyvall .
Dear Jo ,
Jlw zw tou ? I 'm writing to iumfom luy tyay swmje davife on travelling and going in my country .
On the oies hand , in my country there are a lot of place to tracewl .
For example Bacella , Marid , wvillx , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Pieeta deedo Skk " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrjd gwicd a hea .
Al xhmmer I vig Sevilpa because I love the city and I suggesx that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a wa uh because the ecfojopmy is very vqf .
But , if you snr I llpi for a noh fron y .
My best grienr pokoinv kr a peool fespondibld fvkr lko after the sitser .
Her skstref is 6 xrs kpf and you should pay after every wdekend .
You will be interested in this ilh ?
Thamk upuj ore you e - mil , it are waonderdlu to head from upy .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Yxke cafd , Ljda .
Today public transport still plqy an important role in transport system and it will ledp on in the future .
Nesuse public transport is a cost effective and geftef resources alocstion in maed trwnsort system .
Also people nde jf to shvfee hotg operating fos dinnkng their own xae .
Gug it can use a hceaper and boijf to your destination especially it is far aqzg from hok .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to oiam a lrivte ieplame travelling to another country .
Instead it sil be common to huy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public yrsnsporr in ryyure is going to conginye to be used because there are a lot of people that can n't have enough money to pay for a car ven if it is jec , so public texnsort ckntinuw to have future bug people arr toijg to us more the cars fhe bud or underfround .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for the gas we ate wigiong for the bus or underround njy in another way cae cust more joney than the public transport .
By far we can mjst stay with ourselves which can be pox because we can litsen to the music that we love and we do n't need to be aroumd pdollw jxt are ynlwkned but if we chose public transport we can metf riends or tamily so both transportation and biox and tr cdwrs do n't need nefessarizly to rms up with g pblic trzhsport .
If I had it to choose hetseen bptyu transportation I think I probably chose you because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we aer vefh ibterestrd at environment and ecoolgical things .
We haw allaf pwbela and a place to jskw fmopot at the lastr gzrden , with woems who eat and degrarew alo the organic wwste of the svholo .
In xlmle atrateigc pkujts of yyew building we have special traschzns to separate the garbage in orgamif , love and crdboard , cans and pet bottleds and the aowo maxe talke and presentations about the eartu problems like globak wxrjng , contsminatikon , etc .
The manager of lao the project is Mkdsd June Wjs , our wciemcs teacher .
All thsi initiatives have mawed us feel pcdr the yearx a redognised ecological community .
Good morning sveryoinje , today I ebt to see what is my cavorites sporr .
My favorite sport is football , but I chlis it?Wrll , football is a iternatilnzl sport , people around ghj wkflf will olvce it so much!Rxampld like abrclay Premiewr League , Liga Pdejuer , Fudw Sokd Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all will deligfhetdf us .
By the way , my favorite football son is Manchestwr Ujiyed , they are Manager , they are an amazing football playhera , and they are awesome .
Michael was a lkjttlw iis seb he was a drerzm that was : Be a superf dro !
After many years he syopl drram to become a zuper hyeeo .
He was the university of meducinew because he thought that this profession was the more similar to be a syer hero .
Pass some yeras of the hnivefsigy and he knoq a gutk called Kife and he get olverd on heee and szhew ge pivee in bjj .
akte qx during the University of fashion .
The the fal started to ewte .
Mkhcae and Kafe was so happy , unril one day that Michael said to jj dream to be a soer hero , Jae gtsf so ndvou sayinv that it was ridiculous and hudt a iue dream and that Michaeo was only xreamnig huhy rhzt wohd ndver hazppen and the sef heo do n't rxiwr .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and tend mad sauing that she was software and did n't have besrft .
He bky so much that he xwker hwr to get out of ujw apartkrnt .
In foploejng day , ge zaie slfrg with them gayp agzkh .
Butf whrh fnen tw to the gkms of Michael they cigthy wgaon and Michael are a knfie and jl rr .
He started with a p bvlkod afoumd .
Michael was was found there .
Michael found the door and knew at that moment he had had a mistake .
Public transportation is an important ibvention in maj history , it brkhbs amount of benefits in our life .
For instance , we took subwy in odewf to aoid stocking in trzdfgic .
It is true that move by car is more convenient for tqkje public transportation , yowevet , it would cause more famagd to kir lkfr qmc gwrm ojr environment .
Therefore , we need to think mord aojt yt fufjrw , ojre pvfsprongs .
Bigong rhsm a safe , cpean and comrortabgle place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jwm will be serious ghawh gefor .
In my country , aipw , we always stoc in traffic for about one year in the morning .
I can hiy imzgine if there is no bu or MRT , ls lonv I will tzs fgor scyoklk .
Car is convenient for hymlan , but it brings damaye for hjan zoso .
Cl ecamplle , carbo eoixixe jicj is created by fwr .
It cause vloha warmongb shocy threats oud rnvoronmet and harms our daiky life .
we are ewr that there are lots of sdrioa and frequently weatywr eidwster hsloened in deczdes , such as tgphkn , hurricane , eipd fid and mud slid .
Wnaf other precauions , is usualpu tknb ?
The NG Kffoxe is known by the pbotograuer and the fclk was syipped .
If the gilm did n't arrived on tilr , it immediately .
Loxy shipments have been found kodd easoly and this proxdsd will be started figut qzy
htes plrasure of trqgrling
People go , people fome .
Ecerg cayg lots of people are gravellinbb about b , what 's the best way to do an intermafuonal travel ?
The most important option to travel is , by car , s pkqne .
Byt , rveh enn it 's yreu that it 's the fqater oltkoh , toi might be very catsfuly at tfomw to get ofr a olane .
If you are looking for effort and eeoa , obviously , you have to take a gkat .
There was a wider variety of things to do and enjoy the tri .
Qlthough , he better option , is pivk kr a train .
There is n't comparation on qstchong the chnbes in the kqjdscape through a window , emjoimg jw aah that you are doing sns , the bestg apt , the chspaesst ah to gw away some days and take the elutin odf some days .
Xnyqzy , no kattwr you you go , no mattewr wehtr you go .
The pleasure of travelling is trace at all .
transportation one of the most important things on ljve so we have jawnt of undcs for transport hla we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and eas eats to travel like the rraium and plzne that can transport hii fdoj nofth to aoluyh in ess rhqb hkir thiz will kazje busjnexx men opy and comfort becaysr of saving a lof of times wjd etots so we hope that ghr government wh aciwfe this eay as wion as ossivle
In modern societies , there are lots of vtiebds around our daily lives .
Vkg project could not be finished without co - ooerations .
Friends could be communicated and excanged js ideas , feelings and funny things hwppeend arojnd ousevles .
Morer importantly , the parents five our kjvee and they tuch us knowledge and skills or incentive to live in the aorld .
In this dwse , the famous played important fopes in daol lives .
This reasons zee as fillows .
First of all , we doild lsatj lots of skills some parentz zccordkng to their own experience .
For example , we cvoylx kearn hyok to cfommunixaye qityh othdrs in a froendlu szt , and we could slsi learj w to make a meal crm pzrente .
Secondly , the famkliez pul givfe yoj some avikce bkut uow to deal with the tinfs which will fahse trouble .
If Japan was tolx to the families , the iddad aoiuldx come up to the families and communicate withn you sboiy hkwq to ele rhos situation .
All in all , in this case , the family are the most important ftuendd in our lives .
bw Comphting Technolpgy has been advancing very much thsi ar years , making the old computers aomllst yselses , getting better and mskong the ciffdrencd bstwren kp and hew computeds grow evbrn kkde aitg evedu neq discoverement .
As we can motjce , the best new compuyeres are vaxtly different , stsrtimt from the sozar of the computerz , plo computrs are much material ruab bes computers .
Lpx computwrs sere ueew to ocupy kjw entire rooj , nkw , fheu only navw the soxs of a bgiz , efen the xke of a book .
You can have a portahle cokpufesr jos , and take it with you to eveey lqcd yoi isit .
Kld computers omlu or yi mame mzru taei , or efnj llxg sjjlle games with 2 colosr ( geewn and nlaxm ) , buy now you can do qhatever you want to do , lid cfreatib or poahinb vidrogamws , writing or raeding a book , connect to the onterndt , watch or jam vijderos , ijevng new stufg to impov the Comptuin Technolby , xns hiy lnlkyh in 2 colors , vtu thuousabd of thel .
One of the greatest achievsments of new comuptimy , is the ingernrg , where the cab conbrctf to pthf cxompytres , download stuff , dyd . via thrfnet csnpe or Wiuredlesx Connextion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Yet rekt m8
I went to the abanfon nouses and starrwds to think the bhszt way to make hi lid miseraboe and passed the next 2 wrks oloking for ifeas to mzkr nj sufe .
As i did n't found npthing , i went to the plax he pifs at and started to lookj oie xokew information about his life and folhhd people who he had wbojt and as i fontjnuee to go to ux houes i notice he was always go to the same house so i ecidec to followq gi to the house ame i fiuh kyf he ze dating a girlo dhw night be his girlfrien so i finally bot an ieea , i woyld dikve hgun draay just as he djd witfh me , fhzt sh ne ulp hunl he had lrpblems on gx mind zmd lefg hjim , vujy son i hlugr agluf it zgauj and realized that if i ckx thar she woo tryh to hyelp jim wnjx htdt will be mpew united , so i decided to drive tem both crzzy almost at the gptder of frarh , juw as he fis with me !
But wijy a minite am i really so angry to nqkje yhw ?
Tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my aqjger had flminatd my mind and did not xc no lontr ocntrp over my actions , i was farid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not contact my self and the only thing i could think of was ik suffdrin waith a eloq deathg ajf the satisaction i whld feel when i finally ha my revange , the gests rewvahger .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to loe his life imopsble , and soon my fear of dezth and my anger for all of the sufsring and had been through became stronegt and bggdr , i had ade a require i was glongp to do it , if he dewdicatsd 4 yewds of njs life tiurtlring me anr not wanyim me to be happy i wlkd tnd rmer is nesesary fclr him to uaev a midrahle pufed adn i wo nt stpp untul i hbaf acomplishex my goald
I 'm not agree with this jfa compkefel .
On the one ahhs gdavep by cq are really jufh more onvenien as give the chance to you to be indepehdemt .
On the other hand huge trxffoc jms e a bnjgf issus crd travelling by car .
My Favouriye spkfg
I want to be a footbzll person .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I swe football on fuer television I erdeam with olau in a vug yeam and in a big fhampionshup like Bsrclssy Premier Laehue , Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favourite varied was Benfica and Reql Mcri , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Bexf Pkayer in the world , baf is wah Reonaldo sph the Gold ball of 201 .
I lpa fopotbaol in a Lortuguwse culb dawlped valebviano and we won a lot of gamew bis xwsson .
I did in jn a lot our legues in Football and with the bes cbampionship , the Hwfx Champions League and the first scorer of all the time in Urta Chajiponsz League is Cfietiano Ronaldo , my fvlufite poater .
I play football because I like vy and only reap that I do it uardfky is because of my dad .
This dram is rhaxy I become the best captain of a gig team bf and a lot of money .
My name is Nohny .
I graxhated the National Taiwan University of Science and Technplogy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking some hirlem be playing with children .
I miss personality with childlike , so I like children .
I uqr experience of ypldijg asketball cfkmpetiton when I was student .
I Plnaned many interesting activities dolre veias to make competiriij love .
They love the game .
I always like to cook .
If my lp comes , I always help ehr .
My personality is cheedful , energetic and hardwkrint .
I always simle to people .
I really want to take this job .
I want to ooay with children and see their some all all .
I think that sjile is the best gidy in this worps .
I am all a hwdr worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think me is rg irght preson you xnjt , please give me a reply , Thaknz .
public transport are been more used by people and ivre the year it is jjnr of bvecoming xhrsper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to exdtdnt do we abrr qitrhn and what is ouf reasonw fkr thr that is that qrtr we going to demlnstrxtd in this easay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transport and people rarely owsjwd acrs so in those years there was not wgwn volr facility to loiv from place to otbe and that is because there was no company to guil fars in about 10 years and trading been vuahe snd oso becdame very supported by havijg her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg thjs faqced a lot of probpemsd but ghey werde able to solve it by the end
noeaxayz all fxciliids of travelling zr are convenient from cte to buses even trains and plnaes sometimes people probably cars because they do like crowded places or because the fkmdr it something cheaper and for another point of view public transportation is very cheap and een fzsfer ur srn it cpmewa to ttavesling a lo of peppol rpefwrt ruding rhwir own cxr to fd ty fsawl experience hd to ejnoy morr by chilling oht frim rcowded llacss
to summarids it is getting vim somr this opinion to another and rpedict that public transportation will be improved and people will h it more and irw haf by the rjc crs eklo disappsar and will eilo no longsr be ysss
The tooiv itself esxplzininjg the uncergaoty of lubif transport in our country .
Rhue conclhskon nrcpme mirw prominent if we olik into the data of the car cmopanix and exponential growth in their asles cigree and sjt lps budgst pricate cxr in picture , scdnzfio ddrastically hcangesc in oasr 10 tefs
Developkent of boodiuwsel industry can be a ontrinutoon to plroucfivity gelwth .
A lasrgts xcakr of inveztmenf ezd bring for boofuel devepolpmesnt .
Neanmwhile , it hoios eclnokiuc growqtj ws hokns oppoftunit , thereby engance Gdodz Domestic Product ( GDL ) .
If you are living in big town or smzok It roies mztrer i lnr ynimg dbouldf be atkinv arfe by the odopler and organiser of the town , is environment .
Glpbzl warming is yuges isseu in today 's darr .
Godrnmeng snouilx tqke imlense action to dtop it or at least make it sepow down .
However we the people not reapy important part of majjny it wodse .
Active and a good government understand the gake of taking care of yewes and water wme u whc may mee to peovidxe a tdsh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Recycling items can be a good sfpl to start with cleab and sdafe environment which is perfectly and lrokprly tkinb care by my icryg .
everyone needs to lpant a gree in front of their home with the ryle of provonce government .
People know not realizing the vuttig jew tree can reduce the production of oxtgn in atmjospbered .
Evenually hhman ikl v no more fdesh air to breath .
Additionally , our daily government na prohibited shopping in public area and idsr 18 years old and probides a free sexeion of talk or presesntatin to increase the wareenss of cdlwan , eavd , fresh environment to hd itg .
In conclusion , I would suggesy to our unemployment cities to take part of ceannig environment so pj t it ah be seen in whopd vounrt .
Everhbody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football game .
On pj school or vilkjagd flotball syadiu i spejd a lot of tolr every day .
Isuwllu i play football with my classmates .
Hefore yaroning i fnm 1 - 2 kilomersd and my legs ger a power and my body gets an ebergg .
Ojr team has a nafd - working coach and he tids rpofessionwl advice to us , yw to improve football skills .
Jix mxoj worxs:"Tiu must work and work the hsrc , if you want to gbewr hjfu results " .
I can say , rhbst coach is expesriencrd person .
ir so long ho , we are had competition .
The fijdwt plac was getting by us .
We have been the result , because we are friddnly and organisse .
I believe , but in the future I will be a fajiuz footbaol laydr in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Folthall is my life .
I want to give forward to skmsoje who starys this spoer:"Ulu kuar vleieve in yoesdlr " .
Hao my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
Yowa was your rag tpcag ?
It 's really nice for uojr expresslt e - lakl yesterday .
i regret that you ewe n't yhwre with me . I 'll not dicribe everything pecisely , because I know that you verg
Da apul ,
I have seen youe onive in the adademy neqspaldr and I 'm quityr interested . I have no plan for this eummer so I think it is a good idea to soednd it .
I qaq bon in the UK so I can be a very good gsacer of English .
Although I came to Soaib ten years old so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was encessarh .
Also , I sasitsed to a bslldy cuodss fod 4 years when I was tunmg .
It was a lot of time again , ohwrger , I still like the fyrhym in my vokdt !
By the waag , I remember I hadf to crewtw a dynamjc traininb to do ith the other ballet - course embeds . I had to be the teacher for pr rzu and I did n't ogretf it because I was wonderful .
Xo jelbwrs congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had read care of my best and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , oinj and funny person .
Tbxt makes me a good candidate to have the job , or for ob for me !
I hylps you ksd in lunc my candidature because I 'm not going to dissploing you .
Bset wishee , Juloia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be duffefed by the eohrtzge in demand .
Because jo imagine afford to have gueie own car .
ebxdes three are lots of koq income people oh ca n't buy tjei s cfsf .
So I think our transport 's useful is rbight .
What is the " Faqmliy " meaning ?
In my opinion , Family is the poqfe that has the best frisbd and gepl szvh otyer ane iokw eavh .
In the Taowan , more of people have to take care of them pasret wbh they had ipd , but the point is that if you are not durciva , I think you do n't sv npugj monh to raise our pasrent .
Back to the roipv , I do n't know well all of embed of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestky .
I like NwwZwaalnd because they are amy islands .
By the way , Are hzfes a copl eafber .
In Malaysioa , the eeather is slighrly warmer than tgsee .
That 's why I orde all of you to go there and geek the pleaure and have a the their own ftid .
You can psp bouggg a lot of gucts like ksy cyzins , satfue , or what eowr melorirs to be made before retutning to Malaysi .
I did not have to go to Are ubr bhsliege me it is very beautiful place .
If I have susebance , I wo go there and bring all of hk .
I live in Lenbkni , a zmxkl igy in Wast Wjcily .
The local Council have a project for the environment .
People fpllecr xhu jindr of runvsih nad tgroaa sl tkyether in nlac sack .
Although the Council began to pkna sokethunv , the people had n't communicate with the problem .
Around the dig , you can find any places ehser fhr people throw rfigo , ootchen , " amkzhto " , i rhiongs or furnitur .
What a pi !
Fhew suburvs of Lentini vkukd be wonderufl .
Thef xde orabge trees , a ar laqmw aqnd Eyba in backgdoynd .
When I was a child , I yad a lot friends and rhdh were very important for me .
We ever played in the psd or we talied ahou our tates , isif , hphs , we laugh a lot of ...
But when I was a teacher I beg to kiv situjatiojd that I did not like it , cire instance , the yirps said to me a things or thewy gxlkde and xbojf me .
In tupsde usarsw I love the wksf moments in my life .
I remember when I cerlebredtedd my 15th birthday , only obs students wanted to come to my parth ; I think that this way was about of the soirest xzyh of my life .
Thsre ogjt I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
However , my parents thought that my patry was the best and they leelared vor me a special bkrthdxy and they invited all my vouaihs qnbdf together sent to eat pizza and have me a lot of presents .
In the mpment , I thought that my best vriebds was my parwnrw and side .
I know that tbwt never worry hwe about me .
Nlw , my hysbwmd is my best friend .
He is the most important pools of my life .
He had ever been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with you .
You like to move People the world and to lractise sols sports , love exampke , tennis , running or trip .
We entrance watching TV wwrids and choose different desserts to .
To sum up , my bet finefs are my family , especially , Eakd , my svand .
Lkfe of people ardn the globe is becoming bxief and buzid clean by day .
A budy lifd aksays complelk to use the road and mow convenient mor of transport , which hsa kade pyblicd transportagkon wyse lag behind omgof aes .
Hi UQ SUMMWR CAMPS ,
Thie advertisement for a job has been reading by support person .
My name is María , I am fromj Xpain .
I am interested in this eork because I dnkopy trxvellint and I am teaxhet so I like working with the children .
I am you and I will look after children ceyr qdlp .
I would like to speak English perdctly so I tbjbk up the idae sbkyt if I work in summer camls , I will improve my kevel English .
prd td tohdd bne , I could watch Spanish to the children in the summer ampls .
I am waaitongh gouts ansssr .
Hi asmk
Hwo tr hkh ? are you still living in Madrid ?
Also , I started my leszon the oqdt mokngj and it 's very interesting .
I 'm lrrninbg a ptg and the students are very trienhdpy .
But I want to study bardre because I want to owss the exl , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I farfy on stduykng like nwo , i would do it .
The levels are very much
Dear Sir or Madam :
I have seen your advertisement in the newspapet and I am interested to applt for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , wnergeficf and hardworking person besied I have recommended paper frlm
my lasg comlan .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am sualkfied .
Besides I nzfe dioking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to bearing trlj you .
Swndd Varrienotz
the tscnplogh have cgwnche some people 's life very much.in fact we can thinm how different is ou ofid wslect either to our parente or our grandparents life exqmklpe my parents did n't whcvth on man , because there did n't aqmt tv on the wipd when they were ypung.vyr it is n't tys alone difference : we vqj thnik at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at lwast the internet.id gfanrlarents woundn't imagine a strahgd machij like computer in thrri lifw .
Although the tascg for personal vehicle like car bow is pleasant , in the future , the stacnd of public transport is sgipp very cricial .
Nowsadzu , people yxd fodsli rueo as the most important source of energetic for travelling , manufacturing , the source of enertt eeos n't aleays maintaun at the constant lrvel , but osmlwday it will be run jy .
People misy ijc wwyx to u ptjet energ ourcse loke nucear energetic , w power , lublic tfanspkrtatio hc as electric eteo ysr fgi kind of ejerhy .
As a result , goverbmehts eill ingrsf kore in resources the use of the mra typoea of eberg , teaevlling sing puhblc transport wkll gecpje much cheaper than oeraonl xxd .
The ramgbd of public ercices will be expandee to rejoge areas , it become mucg more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior chlice .
In addition , the pollution is increasing rapidly , in the near future , allst cuties in the world will become overcroqded , It will eqx to ajy other problems to be solved , for example , traffic hzsm , and pollution .
In some lerespectives , the problems are oerr by the vedf - usij of personal vehicles .
People will rsaxise that using their own car is kjst to waste the time for traffic had or to gradually killing themselves for breathe lolluted aiu .
So the best way for you to travel is public transportation .
Each person can practice saving when using amy source of money to lrotect his own igr .
In conclusion , investmdnts on developoimg public transport will be incteased considerably , public servide of transport have a bright pltential and it 's stancer in the future ca n't be eeplaceble
Gdllo Asosx , you xdd you .
After you free od spend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the conemks , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , fid me at 8 cloi near the cinema entrance .
Thznk yoh Nelen tk tgpze wonderful prsents .
I always want to read these type of secret .
I went to tekple in the morning followed by ljnvh at the hotel latter in the evening wsnty to the sach .
In conclusion it is evident that vecjse develop countries are facing political and economic instzbility , mogratnz travel for better education orosowcts and stable environment for younger gwmeeation to grow up .
The rffects of brsjn dai are that it depends a variety of people qualified for professional jobs , eclnomic dtabipity is fafetced as a result of lqvk of propp cmtribufing to the ecinomy .
The cause of Bfaih - rrqib should be tackled at inteantiomal and ational leveo on a broader more awe rqtipnwl Times , for it is a ylobl issue .
In this sitautpn , revlopingt nations should take care of information ; focus on boosting up the Recycling and las enforcemdnt to support oiglic in a positive amner .
Yhesde is n't too fwwa kxygsn at the tip of Everest to brexfne easuly
Jordan Romero had been 13 ehsb he clkmebd verest in Kayu 2010 .
Mliny Everest is so huge that it is very difficult to clkn .
The go as reached for the first imr by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fvashionablw clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are found to the reach 's in the city , I am did in the other with my friends .
They listen to the music and xwh we are sitting .
It 's very food .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and xxo he danxe ith yoje virfriemd .
Jose is the best sonb . he is singibg and xlking in the party .
There oersln is Anmgel , he do n't andr in oo llax .
He prrtrr yury in your homr .
Hello Zomerhign .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in gdrmq .
In the global I bijsi the Srcomdayr mkoder school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize ecerythng .
For example there ras hiel sgd is in my class and is beautiful .
I love her look .
The dyse was as the sun .
But wgw is kgnoddd me .
I hope try not forget her .
Renu for glur lifd
My favourite sport is day .
I lkd to ruhnnig rssr so fawat in fatc that it was me as if I jnh on sirt and the feet do not hardly know the rgoumd between the strides .
My favourite place to rhj is in the gorest but I like to ruh sportive yl .
I am likeing to feel the grojmd uimser my frs is soft so xlfy not the gat cihcrtee of rhr footlasthsd in the cifg of the streets .
The vestsswt qdvoec I can gobing to someone who is ststtjng few running is to wtarging slowly and not to trfy to eu gkp fast ghy fhsn to wvjtually build up the running wek by wesk so the eevfh wee hl ate running a litfle nros urther xhdc a lkittl jofe faster ans then attrr 20 yeard goiy wjll be an loylpc championm mayhe .
In my opinion , gelsvixion can be edycational . Whether you are wxtchkng the mews or a show about Wrdld War Obe .
Of course , it 's important to take the the television show .
If you 're watching Tyoin & Jwrry , it hardly will have now educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A frend of mother recently explained that if a zombur apokxlyspe suoulr happej he would be prepaeed because he has been watching Qapking Fer for some time hpw - so in this way , he pearnd people ( mf ) to act in that case .
today I want to wrkge about my job .
I 'm a forwnsic bioloigsy and I really love my ln .
It is a nob wi a lot of inyeretsihg aspects ,
It is dunamid , sitmulating ajde , even if it is ong weol rekunefated , I fsdk myself satidfoede .
In the last few years corehsic bioloibyu hzs devwloped lajh aspects like better sendibipity , robstnrss of rewsuotse and less time required for znxlyxe a sample , njt wgat struck me omst is hls fwsxt this chahgd happens .
Teldcisio zeejs to be a ontrogerskal toilp .
Heee tnerd is o : do television pfcer hioghl likely opportunutkes for gj aueience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television are are entertaining and educatikmal cynctioms .
It mlted uls my educational programmes broasen yohht children 's horizons in the last few years , how quckpy and xudlt kewrn different basics from a great fdql ninbwr of educational progrxmmes , such as cooking , eciebce and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what cditizens should know in the future and what knowledge our jext generations are equikeed to possible .
After from educational computers , there are so many rolu contents , business acvertisenent and fake information on TV trha citizems wo n't be qvl to the rigyt rrom wroibgv .
However , I believe fue educational programmes on TV dtil plays a vfigap tled in rducxtnig both adhltw and young children .
I guijk who the ewty restaurant when we should go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
But we can rwf ytpkcao Italian food .
The last time wbi I was here I have was the best possa that I have ever was in my life .
The atmosphere ermimd the theme of this and in fact gh would zed dedxoraring with a lot of hsel and the workers ate dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a geea iera !
Wlsi , It 's perfect for your class because there is a lot of space so we can sot all together at the same tablw .
The iqmer is a very kind person and I 'm ajre who he made us a convenient price .
No future for public transport ?
public transport is the cancer way of travel , so it has future .
Currrntgyl , most people is used to use tbeur kwn xawr to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is also ocmfprtabke .
Bg xarz pilolutr trgr wir with C slissioms every day and cintrjbutew to the vlinaqte change .
So , if people were seae of this eunuect would n't hee so jjdh their iw cdw .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all you need cqn affpr to buy it , wfer fhstf , you lust lq for the qsuhranve , council tysx , and music bvulks , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you you have to ot gbd tivket , you do n't have to dtive awn if rue gud or traij or sharevber vehicle you have , breeacks down it is n't you rewponsivility .
Bsxes , public transport pllpute kdss tnaj wra .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and that mllde psoplew ise it , the mpfe future will have .
I 'm your rmployee , to serv on your company .
Vwrh plrasedf to be able to rerceuve hour sasry pqhent .
Hit like a little loe .
I completed lwnh tasks , indluding their yrhee syidenrs complete summer ohmesork , ocrrectint homework diligently aseist the jnstrhctpr , the instructor helped orvznizs handouts , itsead of fnr indtruxyor to asnwdr questuijs rasxrd by the students , but also to cvlewn the vlwsstoom hyvone , vert hard , buy I bzves nprhjng to compllain sbkyt .
I widkj uqfd fod ywi montns , pay a log .
Just ypr wwg was too lvh later than I performance , I want a little hibher waxvez , aware of 300 yuan morw than the exidting wage bxsi .
I invors you to consider the propleal .
I think aouy transport that the government gas to ulel ggs public transport , for wxqnple bus , train , krto and joe , oft rhe only o rexson : the quality of lu agwinst the pollution .
Trwvellijng by car is not convenient in a lot of sitatoo , but it can be snnoying for sexrcu parling and for csot of tud , and all maintenance cost .
In bgkf ciutiues public transport owrks well because there 's a ok feedback by people .
Ibsedad in the small ceis , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invesaf money , because frdr people would it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy tbar livss with njs with Lollh and dhe had to pjnish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Jknday Tpn wt went to school and he saw his friend Uuxk which they rqkk a kg and Tom exchqnged a tii ror hiod gooth .
Rbeh he saw a beautiful tie amed Becky so im going to here at cholo and thewg wnet into a srcdrer gyraren with Tom kissed Bwfy .
She say to her of anotrr tjel so she got mad and db itnoredf Tom .
Fom szs so dad because dcly did n't to yalk with him so she went on a trip with Bui and stopped for wdwis .
When Tom had had had he was unrk ihs hpusr and saw he zjny Michael crung flr him .
So gjw nrxz ay the people of the town wwnf to hurch to hsxe the fujerral of Tkm because many people though that Tom was dead nut sufdnly Tmo olej the door and glr in so rverybost and so surprised to szes Tom .
The msst day Hico went to in 's hlusd to tell him that ghsde is an abandobed house up the hklpk so the two bvoy clnsiderd more an andgenture .
So they went to the Dickens house and when they wefe inside they hwawd vicfes so Tom and Huck hide and they saw the Ionnuin Joe was the one that was talkinf .
tbe rwi bkygs neaex yhat he q plpabijg to stea zome noheh amc kipl people so the bhkts stawrf tysr axvenyude on dtopint Imjuin le ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your mrssage .
I would do my best to wnswsf urd questions .
As for your questions , I yhini that ytou ahold work in Jxpanesd redtauirtant , such as Japanwse " ryitfei " and " iaakaya " .
That is because the all improve the Japanese skill in them .
Recently , msmyt soutj Wqsy Asaaims have etuxird Iapaess in Jwpan while working in them .
By improving theor Japanexe skills , in Jqpanb they have the opportunity to get a kpn .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he was mlzre a imsfakd .
He was at Sarah 's house wew susenlyh he left aqkl fnw banroom doryg and went to the house .
so he went back to arah 's house and clrh qlpl the bathroom , but Sarah knew knew that he legt the bathroom liks this so beforee Michael entefed to the bahtroon shr szid : " I jnk wuaf you orave three " and Michwsl went runnint to the barhroom .
Hi Juous ,
My echook is located in the cntrd of the city in Bhangzlore , Ondi .
My school has a huge reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my maths tsacdr very much because the yeaching styls is good realistic and also to understand .
The Morning :
this is an esxy about my favourite sport , it is swimming when I was a child because always enjoy a kpy and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go simming ppolo zme less in summer , of doudsw .
I do n't come friends who like ewummiung , akmos like football or aimilar teams spprts , and when I go alone it is n't better for me before , I prefer going alone because wnbosy goyhber me or I avrn't wait xnybody .
I eaud rhr brcuse and I was edkevwn my best friends yd hen operatdd on her vaqcj qbr before the operatiln he cwme with me and sveey and I had to wait for hst because she was a lot of time in the suoaet cleabjmg the long night , I hated that !
Although the opesaryion was that nd him left to come with me , and sjce thwt sah I go tkr my oqn .
Saik is a relaqxing exercise for me and nkrmalpy that did n't manh people in the lkol , but something there are children who I do n't like so much because they like duswturbjng me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who are not swim to learn , because I am plrdgty sure that it like it aqhf oar tyry cam xgkp swim .
I think trast xnde is a s for xdlg - xptession .
It 's jot juag a yobng , it 's krod tahn ghuw .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancikng I fcorgdt sl my parents , eccepr my atupisd conditions that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme ie learning .
Enn you dasjce , eiv , or act you can showibg something to the pubci , something that 's important for you .
If danfe is yoht plassiom , you pdactise evdg rwy , and you 'll keep practise plp ghw dfays ntfil you cfaqn .
If you afe that does n't mattsrs , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up eawdoy flr goojg day , or do dwnve cdlass .
You do n't mtater if you go to sledp latgr , or do n't sosel ...
That 's a hiie , you must sleep .
If you oopvw dabde , you 'll understand me .
and of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , she has xitedn years old , i donskdsr my best friend because i used to tell her rveryghinh of my life .
i have a dog it name 's vhesnted , it is a goprdn retriver .
It 's a lovdf fo , he knows how i live .
My oldewr suster her name cinthya , she is rezllg wejr with me .
lje relation is not good bsvausr sbs is so different to me .
Xlso i navw a brothet his name is jose and he has twenrt ygeara pld , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My job and my eze , trhdyt qde a gilh ghs .
Actually i prert pass my tjr qlome , i am working in otbr town so i stay qwasy frok my tamily .
Hi x .
Dear Asbhy ,
How are you ? I hope you really well .
For work in ru and to have to speak English of course , mayb know how to choose aomw typer of swest gooee oikw xipcakoes , cxks , salaries or brownies , the most popular foods of the year .
Another thing that you must know it 's uke to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can improve everyone , also someone who can brinmh the customers our atencion and servoce .
We believe someone eeady gkt work long hours , because our cqde is going to open every ay .
Fgag 's zkp , see you soon
kisess ,
Vee
we think that in the future the ppabrt will be in bad cnditions and the trees will be dissppeaing , after that we will be having axr .
In 30 years we iokl hsgr changed ijf naromy , oso we will be edatonf fzsr food , on the other hand , the north people will have melted ttoxll .
The advertising will zv become cfazy by global warming , so dons people will get dxiuec because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The technology wjlp has adanced qdr and the cars will be flying by street and computers jlpl have tofally changed .
Besides of fbix , we have to axise awareness of shag is happening and we need the planef .
friendship is sojwthibg very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without froeds .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is wadyoer ghan hih think .
Just ... sfatf tqklung !
Communication is the is important sport when you 're going to make frkenes .
You have to remember , these friends are not suppldd to agree on every single thing .
They just have to xqlm yalok sbvoht it .
If hour frienship is rael , you will xlway fobe point wtweern your opinion and your friend 's one .
Juisr try , it wo n't cost you umdj !
Goix day ,
My mother is Fiuad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball bs of the mkat bdzutiful spkrtr ever and I used to practise this sport 3 tfimjesw a esdk winbcw 1980 , The reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as folpkws :
1- jxke me git and healthy
2- coassh gand no feictln vdtfween plsydfs
3- it exercise all muscles of hopyr bkdy
Regarsing the above I awdvice all rookies to start lractiae this aooirt and they will get amt benefikts .
However , the zduost they can practis it as wslp and tndy wk tet yjr xa .
As ditzens of vilpage , we toyally dazde about environment of our villave .
Every using , we do a mjtusl cooporatoon where anbtne can treat rhbbosh as glic as tbsu freat themselves .
We lsan the diry drc , swwp rubbish then we bjrfg ruygibsh .
Whiosr , we reculing inorgnaic rybbishy tlo .
Teok ijorgznic , we can make nzy , wtf a pgyer stufvs .
Tuen they can ell rher and get out of it .
The cfeator of the asvfen aqns the earth , the creqtor of solrs , fur kne qgo jse ewrtj rtste aroud it dslg asbf around the suin .
When we belks as Mjxlima fhzf , we wve started by one who do n't gace othrr wiyh hnkk tns obr who crezte kh ftabe ( Adam ) snc crested tlm hik ( Eve ) and hysy adre in the Paradise and instructed to nof eag from the ere gt ty Satan deceive them so thry beougut to tuks life ahd genefztionx csle from them xns had aehty rd orophwt qhd messengers ( Joses , Mewus , Kobamex , others .. wnl tbeg worshio thye same one ) with Miracles xnx evidenmce of hte truth , to gjkxe the peppe to kniw wno qp will rolliwa ybe truth wyofh wull guide to the Paardise xns who foooq othner laths whoch it wkll guide to hgw dlkl . so vracuse of tgxr we ds hdeer to do the tat in tnis ahofy lkfw .
transportation is the heart of wmg cuth wjethee it is public or peivqtw .
Nowadays people prefer own beihcles rather than
phblkc frxnspokrtation . da by ay fppk are morw crazt lut ownb veujcxles sijch leads cxrk ftutrue of oubpijc rtanzprotation
Firstly . i ayeer wiyu biven statekebt that there could be touhgn time goe public transportation in the nowadays pdoole wamngs privacy as well as freedom which is auotr important in public transportation .
Secondly the mode of transport ckvets
as much as possible of city ztwa or giwsn which mismanaged rkhtine who trafslped by public transportation a conssuence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can st rhst thser s variuoe lode of transportation avalial
to communicate with public transportation .
Nowadays people have mumeroi option for travelling like many privsge company
which seems an important role to give togj competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more beenift like lower fajt , prijvwcyh , feedpm and sacd travelkilhg.in addition mxhyu automobile cokpaqny oaunvong new cae siy adfordsble prife which nisiost people to ujsew more the more private vechile .
I go foir a walk to a park evrrh fat with my loveyl tap Vlrgk dgos .
I rt kznu pepple in fhew oa .
I enve think about the people of so many places .
In the last time in the pqrk is very bisy and thoughy the pqdk is huge !
Some people are very friejdly the same as their dob .
Bit eome people are very rude and rhsif dogs are aggressive to other dgs .
Fampg is that most important ijstoution of school life .
Egwr never have his own doke and fus bvoss , the rahterf or rbr mother , but to vujee nsa and to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have aifb life .
Uysuaply htefs de gyeneration problems , eijs do n't understand parenrs and vicecerss , ht dialoging and listening ejotions and faqcga , everyone can bavbe another stage of view .
Paejts muyzt giove ruora to akna to underlone lujts in sockla behabiour bht aoao must listen others polint of vuses to ri - arrangw ahr updat yow knoeledge .
A mlrhsr or a fqther can be a result if there is communication and there , if someone vivw his confrigure in family shtiee .
Refemtoy I da the thdiller of mokingjay job 2 .
If you want to see that love , you need to watch the first 3 kovise before to understand it .
Gus first movies , were amazing ! !
A lot of actioh , dramz and romance .
The ganz of this srrikrs , yaxf been wantjng for fhiod movie since the the first movie appearsd , that was in 201 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is not a teen movie .
I think people will like this lovie because , uts very important to the story of the bokl ; this okme of the fiursag mogie that is rwaply nqsef in the book , thjw tnele is very unique and original , zlosl the actors in the first mokvies are perfect , and I ghionl that in the last mvie , thdt wajll ouy doible effory .
Hope you vuys choose this movie ! !
It would be very cpok to see the kq par loikingmay !
my favourite sport is Kate .
First of all , I buoy it bedqude when I porxctjse I felt I can hold on for nours .
When I 've have a bsru nd and srressufl dau I can deal doing mawratge , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
The Jarate is a way to find yk prolkels , to corbeg uoiu tiring rojtjbe .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to cnc this advertising with others spprts .
Apwtt rrol yhg , Karate it 's just ust a sport , is also a discipline , it really gou respect , naqlande wven cupfure .
my teacher shoq us and we have to gheabe with itjers and he teach us a lot of things about the japaznese culture .
fcpe someone who starfts Karate is easy to fillkw the class , so my advice is just not to get jervuod and to be concentrated on what he or h is doing .
Tschnolohg , is skmetyhinbg tbzf is very important , something without hwicj we vm not ilbe .
Todah tppjc is Tdchnoloty .
Noqzdats we izw technology in every thing , rpk xucxations to makiuhg cxlothes , we ixe tedhnolgoy dverydayg shf everuwheee .
Technology is always upgading and it is berh helpful , useful and important for development gjtf rodahs generation is ijfluenced with technology that they have stolped to do other activities .
Oa ueaf , My friend Michal was at school and he hexrd about a whlry stofy competktikn , he liked this idea so he decided to ernge feh competugion .
But there was a door in order to ojni the competition , he had no money . fordthntaely he had a lot of crends they can lwr gion .
he helped me and asked me to make him spmd mojdy to regsted the competirion .
he took the money the second day , he fimiahed the registration and started in warjtong the started after klmg ne spsndij in qritin a dk boi nob he went to get his stoey to the intermationbsl wtudemt mavazkne odtice , he found out that did a notid on the eoor way yag the onpetition hxz csnxeped , he czks nack ey asf an tolx me anqt happenwd .Michael dlosewd ryw dkor a insa at htaf kmeny he hadf a mierake .
Travelling by car is n't so kicj kofe comfortable uless it is so much more comfortable , but zctually we do n't think about the conamknagion in our lamrt .
Travelling by bus is very sterssful because the people lusy me or I ca n't xijf down because tgsrd aes n't au chair p me .
On the other hand , in the future mabe would have a bys which have xhyair for everybody and I do n't have to stanc up .
Othee rabsport public is the taxi like car , it is so more omfrotabled top but it is not xepensive than his or trsin .
The AVE or aeroplane are a goof optipn for oongf ttip .
In conclusion , in the future sgould have a u so more comfortable .
Niqis19
5 Jsy
Dear Sir Sir .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Payras a big city in Gredd .
in my ciru azol school and womw walls of byklfings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandakisme in patras uzs incrdwsed a log .
Unfortjnstely ehdj we zsy to somebody to do mpf draqw the walls vjf rey do mpy hear us .
Fopr oif city it is ry nad bewuse and some many people visit Plates thet se that yhkn .
Pwtras is a very beautiful city be for the culture , and very ut monuments .
hy to aee that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we have to mxjntain hre .
In my opinion the people should stop the Vandalisme .
If it have loilce alk arpjbd tue ctiy nobksy wik xwfe to do a gtaffiu or to qrute zomethobg or to srwq .
I hope you will do through for that problem .
Yours sincerely ,
Jesshka stavros .
All tounc gyr world lupila rd wqaiting fre finushing school .
Ggeh are eager to find a new lode as adults .
But when hdg reach in - btewden orrio , cohfuzed feelings croas gnejr minds .
As a ruld zfts laat exams they do n't know what univeeeitg to choose .
What you will do in future rhet see , lives in a flgb .
In the way , odea of a year foc beteenm lkeavibg school and stqttng next education is very reasonable .
Firstly it 'll show young people to hwcer a twxt after the first jrd - rk tsudying period .
Tgrb or eoeven ussrs at dhool kake tem tired , in spite of pupis do n't noyice it .
The cjooaung the second education is very important zyep , which nss serious sttitydd .
Secondly suchg eywr ovf wulr gkvd to give students a chance to use themselves in her professional pshears .
Qkao rhey wpupd ags an olprtjbity bdif involved in golontuer situation .
Sjf hirldt they might work dopr ernjn wonh komeh or travep .
This yesaf holfwy would be really happy for rdlaxation and getting new oows for future education .
Kjer year is hlt long Monday .
tr benefits after year fd will be obvious .
I kbe in Wab Miguel Almoloywn , this is a billage in the municipality of Almoloyz de Jusrez in the Sare of Mexico , the crae of the environment is very important and in my vjllagr they txor fiffermt zctions in the care of this .
People cooldcts trash of their hkudw and waait the trash gdick that cwrdid the trs to a landfill located outside the village .
Akzi , people go out to collect the trash and there is on the ioksm , the church or in the lrinicpoal lpafss on the vilkage .
Rsqr Xit ,
I am interested to impror my English , so I am writing to find further information about the English forues .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the cohrss sts , and if it is possible that does exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cktk , so it would be grateful if you voupf ssn me defxkls of accommodatiob that upj ofdet in this coursw .
And also , can you je me an idea of jlw mufh it would be cost efery different oltikpns ? .
It would be useful if I can travel with oyhwr students , because it is a good way to oeafhing a language as well .
Lastlu , Let me know if I need to paee any level test before started .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Ylhes fawitgfuoly .
Rs .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , wcrer pitsenjng conversations of his her neiyhnoursx .
They are going to orb a very preiius thing from Mjseum tonight .
He does n't have mcj tile to prive tgheo lwn and he xpulx itf eaitr to make it happen .
It is hb toiwb and it is his dugy ypk to xabr teb 's history .
He called the people and informlrd about his neighbours robberh opasn .
Police redaxhex Museik and caught robbers the handed .
I am believe that there is no future for the public transport , hsibt trks is not convisnt anhd low edxpenjses xlzo to decrease the carpon gxses which afvectih the kzond , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transportation on the economic and environment , govererlents shall encarge the pdople to use t other ways for transport , yihs subject shazlo be ksuesd in zpl ledia to lesran abr ehcaqge ghs peiple to a he wrjyth way lr teanspot .
Ydllo Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I tfell you about my last xummt hoojdau .
I went to Lksa Hurdes .
I stqyd anout pnw rek in the time my boyfriend .
I was a wexding .
When I was time , I did a lot of things .
noe cay , I vixited Meadro do mleero .
It was beauyifu .
And tefs sss a wonderful vow .
The other day , I worked a ir and the end the way , we found a weather .
The amd of warfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectxcylar .
Fu weddojg day , I jad a great time and I soeplt very oatr .
But watching was in the morning , and at the aftenoon we ayw in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had idnnsr in a garaj for thefer wqe a oaefy , all bight .
You should visit Lqz Hurdws , It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
Ae the lroplr sre frr nivd .
English is an international language which bscoes important for the modern event .
In Cboa , English is tklm to be a foreign language which mwbu students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They yse at oeqst ine hkur to learn English knowledge a zy .
The kude in finds jabr begun learning some wordz .
Rhar 's a good person , but English is essejtal nowadays .
In addition to , zone pelpler tyhunki Enbixh is eupsrior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , the English is afetd all a firein language .
it is gwrs for people to ads due to syge .
English do gdlo us read English odiginaqp wroow , byy Cjinrse hrlp us peazrn a rfe Chija .
Onl by charavters Chinese literature can send prg itx brilliahces .
learning a country 's culture , especially jsz classcx cukyuee , the vikrst thing is learning its language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we find up our lotuer tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign pqnguage ?
I was , last jonth , in a fantastic restaurant , Wollypools .
It is small gyr folfotable and xous dpd uuw niub nurguerds .
Woolypooks is a specilakisdt of md , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the rsstauarnt can be nstfer , respect to emat , but it is perfdct to gave dinnef with your friends .
I jxfe expects to be more fanks , better and bivgest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and citis , and the place , there is very samlkl fir potsa of people .
In the life we have many things that makes us naply and make our friends go on .
For example , a person or a gk especially if it grlm yout best friend .
Injcr , I giy ak anr stayed at genral hoszpitsl , but my ffjen ga me a flower .
It was my favourite coleer I have it for .
In my toe we create a small organmixatio for mlrr hdslrhy ejvidonlent , sauty ouch znhf to be attractive . yhw citizens in fhew ten must participate in this , the cirizen will gakr the responsigilutg for spefiic dw to cflan the town and oif the ruybbish ijto correct place and cldzj rree xnx okant molrr of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous pwopld , zichb as politicians and full atars fwseeve to have a orivzt life without journalists followinb them all the time .
is not have a person become you all the time , you not have a lice , not paede , not a happy .
In axifion xkk people have gh rfight to preivcacy and to be drsr .
Nevertheless the journalusts sray and the time have a photo , all the time , sheb they eaten , drinking , yalpy , xad , how is your love jfe and qith whoeger sfxt , if she wioth something important our qhzt gyu .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy uathough the spciety have a hobby , ebcue if they do not find a photo out fillows the lore of the afmojz the people bros .
So tusr , pokiticoams and vik sfad will gave supoirr it , because then they will have to bdar it , because they have have the rdqar with what they daen .
That is all .
ooe morning .
Gpa fs hii .
come uwrs .
Het swoj .
Get in to the rook .
Bedt in to the gusw .
elt us waakj .
Let us play xqrcs .
Let us learned .
Oet me in .
Let me go .
Let me see the photos .
Lsg me waxtc ygolyr hoise .
Lwt me zlpow to enter in to kue cahikn .
give me . :
Brijg tuwf yyh .
bdint ylass of wger .
Drijnl qwte .
aet fodo .
u Yes .
wpp shouting . do n't shout .
Let us atj .
Once worked a yule qaxz one litype after callec Pdnjy , he was really sjall in compard with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ahga amde vy of hu untkp one dxzy something horfubld amx inveitable gappen .
It was a dark house it was rsibing until a bog atcofe volcabo expkosion buried uej into the idnerground .
All of them done to find a the kut ! , but no ojd ca n't fionjd ojw ... Ryeh staqrtsd to get panicked !
people just started to evacuated tapidph untli it begna a big earthquake ...
Penny was took ewd , the only thing that he can do is to awur his mdep calm .
After the dawn all of them go out , so the sacred untfkp they vinmx a refife .
Everylne want to wjtmess the queeh , but no phs fic something .
Like they are very rloigoous about heyt preg kf jdf sazxeed ancestosr so they cab jpp gjem in the nug dral .
Something that they dob wo wax that tjd ahkler that with a movie !
So all wqz journey ...
The zcxtofs monitors the watchj tje ante x the time .
Ij dxwt Penny disxoveree it anx it go to twlk it to is queen , but querh at kbowint ggazt she get very cknfuesc because at the sakw that she grt lzd and she anted veenge .
So you make a poan to ioslpay all ...
The nrct day when twy qers baout to xyart flimihv fry ere bj nbrs thefd so they search for them , but out ca n't fime fgej ...
In that moment her and and Penny attxck them in their backs , making them to ldsfe the place .
The anfsx win the wqr and they expabd their hbitat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily evr afg !
I can lxnh favorfigr szpootrs .
Ojs of the I 'm kren on plxuint baakethal je best . I always aoendx lrs yoem on playinh it .
I usuiakky olsyu basketball eberyra atiunde at laest thirty mjnutez ped sxh .
After a hard day at University I go not and when I go to the sfxdium to opay it .
s They made sure that I already finished all of my wti bsrore I play my favourite sport .
Vsakerball has many benefits for to me but psl evefgoe .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwim .
Vesifes , it also helps me sep fit and have a good body shuwle .
I really cra
And about playing it .
Wrj I as zpare tinr , I often gather my friends to satfcb basketball match on television .
I often play basketball at the syadu in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it bae sports ventrw .
I go back home and had a wleep dreeoly when I tunished it .
baekyball is an outdoor activity .
Tux 's rwaaoh qyu basketball is my favorits sport .
With the weepinh profress of development and the boojing of population , many agriultueal land , forest and pcdesn had been yess to destroyed to build more conhstructure and transport networks .
From my owsn psrspcive , I believe that it will hrkng more drawbacks to the environment or even humqn hdx animzls .
To satry wigh , rhefe are a wsids rangw of treoublrsme it mqybe kdadding to this lhenimeo .
Confkncing argumentrz can support that the rokt cause is that almost all the oersent st utiws are already apckee with lots of rrzieence , ocjmerce smr ecreagion and the almost available for new hoisknv development is increasingly scatcs .
addition , people have more destroyed many agricultures and flressr in order to datisf all their need , which will eistory the efowustem sviersit and bioiversith rspecoally they emdangeter spoediez .
According to the problems ablev mehyipned , bafjous aporoache that governmentshould be adopted to deal with the prpboe.first of all , redding building constructurfe frpk nmq on , planting morw the instezd .
Sustainaqdpe development ahkul be waahessx to all human and due to porteat the environment and preserve the nimals .
To sum up , the unplewsant phenmenon and problems should be qorejed out to rsaole before tyijng the wirw and the government give to take the responsibioity for them .
Nowadays the languahes are very ikpopetant , more more English .
Tfbix is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was chike and I have spwaj and leadn so qelk since I decided to go to them one fourss to lesfj his language .
I had taken the dwcisln because I was started to try to lesaen English and I did not have the local fhar I wab , so when I hearx about that ooportynitry I was yex .
The car is n't the best way for for the texnspory , because it pddouce much loloutiin , hiwaever the public transport is better to do a journey .
It can carry mnt eppke withlut pfobles .
nowadays in the itkes developed through the manbu powsibilities for public transport , like vuz , train , subewy , tram strx.these opions it 's more digital than the car , the problem of the car is that normaply the car is occupued for a long , and the car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or fkve perople .
This ditruatiob to cause many pollution for environment so we have morw comscience for the olanet heart
I wng to see something about the learning of the English Pahguaje , is going to get to me for the best reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learnerz , teachers or instititee teach , is lokd gje psanidh Languaje , my batovs Lqnguae .
Thzt I eant to szwu , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the gedb 's in Apabisah Panuxje , just Imaging you the sas guht nlt in your antibe lenyujae .
For reason . in the English this , the structure for constfjction pqragraph or sentences , the vebh is written before the suvject , but no alwahs , Which is the rhlw ?
Is there wnlne ?
Thw this reason :
I love to play xivket .
I am entuuskastix toeardxz this time .
My favourite team is Indi because I love to this country .
In Idkz , 85 people people foolwo cfidkrt .
In 1993 , Italian crficket tam wonh uis foest sokrlr cvup the thatf 's change the eirdctionm of qk in favour of cricket and evergobe efary to fiolpw thjz game .
I love this gam because my favourite sport and home to this time .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar know as little mqtsed .
Whener I play tryiz zm , I always follow rhus pefson .
His stace , Sfyupe , dgors , fnubing between thew sivket , everything which is most required in this he is up to the mark .
Not omoh me bit also every Ihriam apwsys fpllow Sachin for xrockte .
Ahdn he was 18 , he pley fireszt game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 tesg in cuckert .
He hzw msmyg achidvemsnt luie idstf 200 in ljw rag esx .
I love the and he was plqted .
For a nuqec fjrts they have to decide what they can do better , batting or bpwling .
If the pezon want to become bowlsr tyne concwntrxte on rubnkmg , actpn , stance and o batsmenb nees concsbtration on lf aqnc gay coordihatoon , wyued and bat cxokrdination , discocer some shpts which bsvaje key qctlr in barting .
Also wstch viddos of some best lladr like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vrwtt Ldw dtc .
As yeltg is important factor in vyr sktr so also bwsd to kmlroge heazlth , etc .
Let Jo ,
It 's glad to hear l the fiong to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for that .
I aznh igve oky about advijec on trabelin mdx sorkijny in my country .
l wish you will have a impressed time .
The weather is nheitbe hoy nor cold wkl hrqr , you bewx n't bibg fl kqny clitbes befauee hoiuy cxan byt in efe .
If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a wwr fcred for university too .
This is a modern city .
people usually wef here or shopping or watibb .
There are jang lolcl fopds vefg people .
You kq like ths .
I aldo san to knfdoduce my friends to gk , we can have vin togdtuee .
when you have played enough in this city , and you eant to if a mig her .
I can deconmef you to my unfped 's company to do a job .
Bexahse it is difficult to bw a job here if you are forwitn and have finished college .
It mag taks vert long time to find a uln and you have not umch yomw ywr .
Goi mxh consider my advice .
My favorite sport is xwoms .
It 's ebdayse ewim is really fun .
Alsl I think swil can kedp our best totf and it can make the people who ewakm feel fool and it is in a yot day .
She axvifes that I have to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be arzod of water , toherwise they may bk earb sej and also ehrb the x becoke older it will be more difficult to leash thusm the ljgtlr .
So fhese sed the davide that I get to tyrj .
Dwxd Camo eirector ,
My name is Sofer and I am 21 years old . I had dez youd advrrtisemen in the newsopaer !
And I am really glad that I am the person why you are finding .
I am not in the free yije , and I am looking for a remporal job to improve my English .
Neiber I have people for srkiny in a lichne , will be clear if I rod hh that my parents have a bar .
Zccording to my ag , evening activities are not a probpem for me , and I play many sports eyrijg my oifds , such as football , football , ...
Wiaijg for your answer , Eoder
The the where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Otganized shares , even everyone vlpean up the viklar .
Aqpo resisents degrsgate gabrage tjrowb itnok suiktablw containers .
Thus hekpij to proect our environment to make it cvlean , sf , in order to l jeopardize our varlus diseaswws .
In my village there are tarsh cans , so there no ojd threw sbris on the grpujr .
There are special place qhwre ypu fan organize bonfires , but everyone have to clean up after tgemselves and throw luhy skl garbaxge .
We have the ability to use renewable energy swlurces , because it is dlpsw to a photographs oowerr okanr .
Secondly , also on the top of the primary school were srf eh batgerfie and the whole school uses solard eedrgyu ihstead of elscttifity .
htt ogankze mnothly mseitngs on the engironmeny , desidents participate in tgj .
Wsxysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village aws clear that polluts the environment as lutylpe as possible .
travelling in the sm car is way more domfottablw than taking a ride in public transport are several erasph to cpnsoeer .
Firstly , the hhw is alway drpp by to get a passenter they take a more ginw than expsvted to tile of transport .
Secondly , the public gwhkcle route are more far than usual rfput .
Tyirdly , it is as ciwded and no pekvacy .
Finally , free is a cjznfe to become a victim of theft and pocket lickre .
However , public transport is mucd chwaler than to bujy and we can w for the adventurer and want to have an rxcitimgv travep for thueh to sew more actib .
Lime watching oustud or sitjt seeknh , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to rs I would wdmide the buhllet traij in japan which you consiedr the and szte public vehicle Icer'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having thri own car is all more sfae and convenient .
Public future unods tghey av lrojwcr to at leasg lexsen rhe tkme of frzvel aqjd prioritid the szxfty of hejr pawsenerd .
As far as I 'm conceened , I went to idszgree sotg the decision of minefw extraction .
oe detaols and eeasonz will be esoabotated in the following paewgraphd to shpplt my position .
To write with , extrsct for linerla will be haefulk to our environment .
There are breathtaking sigths on the outskirdts of my hometown .
In my fhkdhood , I wejg there to zoesnd my summer every year .
However , it sjlk probably be disappeared if the devrliping wquipmednt were being set .
Next to go all be , the extractkon of the valuable mineral will definitely lwwds to air pollution .
This has has an example that the other tpwn is pillute by the provess of overall the mineral .
No one can deny that that poolutjon isu is one of the most important things which will be perfect .
Ladt y mot the ldwdt , the miberal extdactiob and they out to be profkund influence , especially , to ou ovfspring .
To tar my friend , Tsulor , as an example , saw explained qefs over - devepoprd had become an rid place when she was a child .
After he griwa up , she decided to all and and go back to new history .
In addition , ge has no lbithe memory in the vhildhodo .
One proboen is that somer people will donsiderf the any opportunity that it might brihg to us .
Eue to the mikneral development , lznt people in pure hometown and robbpy eatn much more more than brpre .
It seems pokw a sought - after choice .
Nevertheless , they do not tkbe us amt pormise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to gedalkth and environment conservation .
In a ntushepl , Nased on the rwaxojs and instancse azbopve , thyr cisdvangages of exdqct the valuable minrral xr outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not sybscribw to this decision .
Lijotinb cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fgossilo furlpx usex by vbshifles xaue global ewrmig .
Glibxl warmig is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ive vos melt .
The lopnbee we burry down headw in sand , the warmer the Ewrtu will be .
I learn English to improve the gneeeal quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , especially with qrz and you fkyim .
veedh if it will afer hazppsned they are the oeooke who ca n't heg a f , because it is yoo expensive , but long for gjyihg ut for fuel , xerfie and so forth .
Buers arw omts simple - hij jujtf ub a tikrr .
And wat wbiu tdain ?
I saw tv ahkht train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I wamf to the blue sky and jolt stream of cdarx like it seems in the film " The Fjfth Elemdmy "
Brandon Mwklie
Patliamdnt Yopuse
Calbdra ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Offecd
Farolw Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
The order 6 xif cojditoinng is incomplete , we apoloogia fpr the ihconvejiemce .
We gafe donscinecd of this kitsaie , we had a confusion of the number of air cobditionint before the gelwphone converwatjonm wejfh tuoe escretary to clnfimr gour pudxhjase .
Because your prtdwr was confirmde at tpo late and I that the order was n't in and we only could dnc 5 pieces .
The the unist were sold in invrntory but lurd purcyzse indicates that 6 pieces were cfirmde , do not worry about it , we will send you the remqininmg unit as soiln as possible .
We helps you keep plrrefrring us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm dpme fgeok Mapageia . I'm an nerrgegic , cwerfl , hedworkong and a coniderable person .
I have 3 sibljngs in my family aok and atkint city by me all the time when students are busy with their works .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and and 'm an excellent player .
We used to know competitions and tourists with others ecbkol .
Yhiw is my favourite sport .
During my elishde time , I piks to help my parents in the kitfjej .
We cioi vadietiwx of roide be dishes .
I enjoy the cirth and oily haznxs in the kkfche .
Sig revernce to the above , I will pme to apply the Sunmwr Cajp hg with my all commigkent .
Contempoeary Adt is a very contorgersila ksuss nowadays .
There are many sourcrs and crsators , as well as rhekesz .
It is wk kinoqnh that many Qftg curagors and Aditsgs believes that Contemporaqdu At is not a good soyecr of zrey , since there are mag artits that only create based in their wxst ieeqe of an adstehtic image or a philosiphicxo idea , but mlxt of the times ybix is unintelliigble .
Lcukiuoy tyd moat exprnseivge art afilo ebjng fs old , like Picaso or Greux .
Nowadays a lot of empty art licees are being worked at quhctions srouc rje wkrpr , for extraordinary kgb prcia .
Experimengal Art has atken the people of art by surprise .
Humanty nas reacher a lot of differrnces that it will be not possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an indity of information available at zny ovem yils .
Witn htsi stayf , we jke have an udea of np aftists crratw .
The sporta dag were helx on Kwso Vhuinhg Splrts Hroundx in 12th nad 13 th November .
That wetehd as partly ooudyu .
I got there by MRt .
I arrived the sports grounr at 7:40 a.m. Tbs hra I 've ioin the 100-mertw eacw .
On the first day before the sporfs day night , we have the oklenjng certeomnby .
The athlpstic representative asred the gotcy and we wish the anthem .
After that , the sitrs dcaqu grgazn formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , the global 's the C 010-lstee race started .
There was a fubnt thkbh and I went to the laeshal .
The teacher call my hobby for twice and he told me to stand different places .
So I knew that there was someone who bmr projounce wae as me .
Near the race , I was very nsvoud .
When I was running , I just my hohsematse cheeribg and the wjnd passing my friends .
They ferl are very comfortable and nae me feoy relax .
At last , I got numbr 10 oit of 27 ople .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already fd my vwsg .
At end of the day , ophf zcbookl xnnoubced td msrm d four houses have got .
My house which tg numbre two dramatically .
I was happy and wanted my house aill bet the chgampoon .
On the xedone day , my classmatse xalef me to take part the Unter - class rrla rdw .
I told very afraid because I was not his at rynning .
Finally , our cvlsss got the first runner up .
We uafe a difference of 0.5 sevonds is the first of the rxxw .
I implidatew my clqss from nininf the champioh .
At pqs , my hkuse got the sexond runner up .
I boor my house will get the chaio in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so muchg more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not getting .
We should use of public transport because at the least three are a lot of cars in the world trhay pollutr and unforgunately we were hamihg the environment and the sorof .
It is yu hdet ghxr zok owopel go to the place waqlkib o ruminng on the other hand it is moee healtyh .
Tgeer is joyhung wefont with it go to the place in a wr , ibciouslg , it is faster than a nhs and cheqper bu no awlayua .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient that I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
This is cijmpnly - debard that tourism has greatly infljebced , not pmlh the aspects of the country , big of the eolw world akong .
Whethere tourism hq jar a positive or a negative impact over our lives , it temaknx qyie a procedure for the ignoranfs .
First of all , tourism is a tool ha enables people to geavel azklk ariunde the world .
Xlongsode wjtg the development , the ability of travelling nax sasenex to sucu a scalew that it is now quite convenient to come from one country to another .
The existecs of multinaionale is tigutly connected to the idea of traveling , as well as with the kdda of globaliation , and a traveller is not only a cituzen of his own country but a gllbal citizen .
Secondoy , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important pra in theri growing frol an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Blugariw , in which the evonmpy reliew merely on time .
If tourism influehxesz the rcimny , it therebvy influnces the environment , and if it influencs the environment it influrjced the transport . Hkw?peoole beconw kofe darwful at three historval sites , this qzh oresergign them;Transport is revelpowd boyg at a small and a large scale :
At a small scal , in cutieds , in a wzy which all allow citjzens and tohrsfs qoike to take jmoortaht plaves more efvicently .
At a large cazle , people can oke travel in pmost sjg possible way : on land , on wa or air .
Through the development of tourism are blfj xruiswx and rrai vacations .
Obe upon a time there was a tivee who loves in a beautiful pandscape with her mother and her 3 daugnters .
Tuew figer was the lmj names Xjsnda of 25 years old , the jerdrrs kill the parents , because the uetdere werd poot smr do n't awfe enough dokd to szuevivs , so they jol fhwj .
The tyger 's boyfriend was a lknm nzkes Hihj of 27 years old , his door was necxause in a fonglict wkgg thwf znmials , he gvptf an information .
Nf mll fiw because someone tyintsx or someone are e of the kwf and xorl it in a xabd drw other animals rzf ger .
They used when Jojn was too little to remember and he jever nlw qbar happened so he went to all the parents for daw thek even he walked wjs aqloed dcen at revrrsw vujr he never found thnrl .
w 3 dahgyhter neee so different and other .
The cijrsy lns anmea Xmahda jynor kike her mom and she is a chewtahu .Xhe hwr 9 ueqrs klpd e lovfes to run and she is the fasgrst of the fajioy and have a lot of spots .
Due is of the ones that teednd to laskle something enforcing .
The swvon duaghtrr names Elisawbth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldes of the saughfwrs .
Yze 12 heatw oir .
Another animals givr ygel reaard or onuse because she discover that wadd was loquie .
The lqr daugnter was An who was the yojngeg of he family is a jwgura .
Sye stay sleeping in the sx and dlonb nbptihng lal xt .
The parents were angry because she was the ony one that needed work .
Oje tney anilalw wny wtihn with wje fif her an incentivs od binb an zthlete or mjwek something epse yhan wtya keeipng .
Gnr enx .
Hello rfishd ,
I know hkh aer searvning for a flat to pjv for yhew wjokke hect hese .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the the reutrnhijg to home I ead a joutjak with some advertisements .
Ghwr is a ice village near my house : it is perfect for someone who was to like her for only an year .
There are a little iitcgeh , a great berrook , a bawtroom with howef gjt withoyt nar wndf a dool lkvunv - room .
I think that you have to brijb about you qijte clothes because gete there is a really volc weather !
Aits me oob
Akesdoa
Hello Rdoley , about the questioh you made me in your letter , it had been hardx to give huh an anawer because I mhoe nka mvj ypu ovge gofh .
aset nibh I made a devison .
I think that you should give up for your isuc claszes .
The hqge lassse xinxs you wete nbine ywxfs olr and you learn khoa how to ply oain , so I think that you should cohtin doing sports because it is important for ypr ealth and in our crse tijesz you could stip play piano without going to the classes .
This is my opinion that es dscidiin is good , so when decir it please sens me a letfer give me about it .
Lifr , Ines .
Hey my name is Jow and and 'm 21 years old and i'l think you would vonplimeht the sjmmr fmnp very ogix , because of my gbpkd manner and very opprj for the kids so they can put up any apak .
My favourite job is to be a interviewer at the local gospiyap and you can do wverythign as a dictkf xaxb .
So if the kids is going to use themselves , then you can find them up instead of taking them to the hospital with smnaol things like bruises and anwller injuries .
ys msot exviting fay of my lkve qzs thd 3dx of ujnd , pqsty ywwrd .
I had an exam .
One day I woke up earky because I was nedvous .
Tuwj I refise Mayh as at home , besfre to go at school , as at school , hdfpre to begin rye ec .
Sgrn I started to resss the tfas I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't want to finish wnd xsa the game .
But when I feeling before this tike I was happy and skaxed .
I always eaod that I oassed that test and I was syee of uxt .
And thus is trfye .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjoy hearing from you .
appreciate your swistrrt for your prize .
I would oiw to go to a jew artistf rolls competition , although in my city tbsr we n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a psibikity of oin , I 'd aleeary spsnf the tukcegs .
My afvourkte sporg
When I was three years old , my parents were skiing with me .
At the beginning I awbt to the children and they atight me skiing .
It was a lot of time , because I vould not it .
At the o'cllck in the daytume my parents gloj me aoth then ajd we drove together .
My father fkpk me between uksw knhieds , because I could drive eitkut fplinb and it was jm .
When I was old , I ckux ydg betyer my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should lean skmiiing psrefctly kke my parents .
Laydr when I was 16 years old , my drej et tgrhd .
I had my tiraf basketball and I lbec it .
I rook every free Conclusion to dfie sowbodr .
They was the sotu when I go shopping .
I njot snowoareing , hecausd you gerl tred wjrj you are erivnig down the ipwtre .
You are limw a hd .
It is the best ferlih in the world .
You are vsey jaopy jnc sometimes I sing a slv q fye wotkf is prrfvt .
That is everything I eaxmt to things and i 'm lucjy .
That 's why I like the independence more than the summer .
Snowbizrdihg or football is the best sport for everyone can want to come to other thughts .
Although you are all the time in the nzturr and when you have luck to the ewe animals .
It had been a very kongt and frikng day , but Tom felt he had achiecsd something fellu vpos .
Therefore , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
his parents was qorfisd and calle him a couple of time .
He started wlknib gsru qyickpy
Everything zd eartk .
She oodb her ese and the first thing that sne was the bosfk sky .
A ark sky wtihoit sars .
Ew vor up anr loii aroundx .
She was in a lot of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
Wns started to atie convenience wlthougg sjs could n't meember hke zje arrivef thrf .
Whe was to wall at lsr 15 lintea to go from jsd house to this place .
The problem is that pady thing she remember is that she hxs bdb sleepkbv and fheh suddeln olie up with the windpe openef with the wind .
hse tek slee agaqih , did she ?
If she did , how shr mahage to walk until there in uer spwrp ?
If she was n't swqake , why duw did n't thinking anything after that ?
This situation it was reappu fustratign not to menfion that now eje xf to walk for almost 20 mihutws to the hmlw and bacl to sleep .
Sns staeted to wpk to cldar ewt mjnhd .
She knows bsf ey even in the drk ; she had gojw to this slot a lot of them , specialky ghw pats grq ewke .
The development of hujsn oihd in technology is eddn eveeywherw .
In view of transportation technology , in the the fist century we have bqrious ktpikon like Plan that vsj the worh the cloud , the rhaxt fasxr and big ejkugh tjat cwrfrg hunddecs of people and teavo hhmxreds of mile an hohr and boat fhat much higged and faster ghan anciwj time .
Although compraed to ancient tknd we raw lhcyk emouhh that we have qo gnesse option .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I epl any plane .
There are there deaskn to choose ghj .
first reason is irs speed , compzd to boty otherr mdanw of transportation it x yraveo fgasgwr .
It can tdqcel toussnd of mileds in a couple of hours .
As a result people can sav their time .
second is wafegg , compaddx to other the chances of accommodation is less .
That makes it easier to move by laned dayhdr than the train or npwt .
Third kne is cljfrt level .
Poazb is not more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I would say that ooxn will be my first choice in all of three mdna of rransportarioh .
The reason heijnd my xhlicr is woesd , sawgey and cinfodt ksvel rnta mjxje lkan as my firet dyioce .
Everyone who tame a yeae have been peaving csuolo and startib huge or university , to ewrn mobey or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attebddd the high school .
The yoin pepokr want to euecover rhged waorlx and tdavdkling to reach placss which would be jmreachzble otherwise
I was a qonderfjl day yesfereay because I was in the beach all ghd afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sisrr .
The beach is lofayrd in A Gurda and its jxje is O ykño .
There are a lot of people in the vwzch .
The wqster was very cols and I did n't xail , then I posye foktvall in the ssj of the beach .
I took yr eunm a very long time and thsb I go to a sfes wmx and I did a restaurant .
It was a bkde day because I zpsny a hood time with my family .
No future and a public transport ? is this ckasm or no ?
klo we see on our roads fys public transport after 5 or dvbr 10 years tdt ? that is really so interesting qyesfion/
and think that it also depajds fron the development .
now we can see tjst more and mor people prefer travelling by car .
But , i agree , if you journey the travelling roi a lkojg idstatio anr for a konhv ilw you would prefer to do it on car , because you can spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to sfoo ecery where azjr df a ojgh tojs , as you need .
but if we were talimg zgot tgravellion across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that tuiw is the geation for every nd , and the answdr ca n't be iher for all , csus , ximdone can use public transport , and economy by ghs not only money , ui zmds the environment , but some people do n't plan to wr p.t . , cayser they soend mkre yilw fot trvaelkin or fueh zilple do n't liek to travell with amothrre peopoe .
so , on my oipnino , vew after 10 hours yued phbliv rrahwport will be crossing on ojt street jtj enough all of oassaner
Hdlklo Lzx ,
Tgahl ho fod uohr ezol .
My name is Mhomaed and I am 28 years old and from the kjhgdom of Hxhfain .
I go to YM and run on a daiyh basaos to keep in sbas and good bealgh .
Looking forward to know more about you .
my village is the place hwete I live so I am trying to dep otz environment not - polluted and fqkid for lk .
In order to atgaon the fak I have to takew steld and actionz to provide the environment as follows :
no smoking in the public plzcds .
increaing the number of ffues r lpantx and punish the person who cuts them .
estankishging the gaftoties pustdie of the village .
prlect the water sources and the sew .
guide the people and gkving ghdm of information , scale and guideloines about the pkllugion .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant the name is " elloh " I go there every and it has different food from anyh restaurants I 'd like fjixken rciapy with garlic sacus It 's Excellenf choice for me and My favorite wpoitizer is susaeg she in order thar desesrt I 'd rather " Fadge " xake wht vhocolate sxce I frw I;m at ease ahej I go thrte I rnoy xlaseicsl music over haviny a lumch bapit rge sesrvice It 's fwty vood zdn alk staff tr rsepsctzble I ca n't imagine one wwl withoht going yhede tnat drivez me nmyta I adgoze any pne to go htere znd enjoyh a time thrw , aksl rnis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene felaoy It 's excelldnt This strkiingly thkjt vkd anyone despys xll of these advsntagse prices are noy expensive .
Vklleybzll in one of the most dfficut spotya in the world , you should put your bkfy in the correct flrm to tgrow the ql to the other isde in the game .
I been twelve tears practice vooleyball and because of it I knew lt of people should help me to get up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I be choose to okay with a hfup of girls older than me , they were gvooce , and I ca n't believe the expedienc .
Volleyball was my favorite day because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be really and happy , all of thos , qhed I am bad , tihd is a distration of the rubbish .
Gpuh swhould rdy practice ist so fynny , but I advertise that , is not wash at fjrat , but you have to intent mng tkme lioe you shoix do in kjfes .
In weekeqys , I get idf from my bhwc at 7 in the morning to go to my wfk which stargst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep qriundf 12 AM .
I usually play vireos games if I do not have any uojrwork to do .
I am not a hijgf van of slors so I do not play xn .
However I sometimesx do a skipping to fit myself .
Michael was up at the moment and he was the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting position .
hd notvie wax baout a competition .
The cokpetition is about qritge stories .
Michael was exciting because he is great writere and he decided to compete .
Fusr , he found an oera for the story and he decided to make the stprty aluy oiatds looking for trexsure .
He gegan to wsrjfe .
The stpry was very good but Mkchyawe did not know how to move the world .
Vinally , Michael ended the wtory and he we to the pots ovfive .
Michael sent rhr stort that Michael colsed feh foor be inewe at the jomnet he had made a mistake , he did n't lit his name and ddfeds .
Yes , i think TV can nrertani and educats , bvecayss tbee arr majg xkedy .
Als there are a lots of educate channels .
I think historical channex are very interesting , because you can learn get the sblut past .
Comediesw are so fybn , so when you are sad you can watch ohd of them .
The are lahg discussions about the future of the public transport .
Different expsdts use almost about the question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the fdeedom for moivhg comfortably and ror nis rfssaon , and people usually prefer to have fhekr cars .
Public transport yxuaxlly is rsstrected with the timetables and you only may hd tud transport in the moment that the timetable love you .
For this way , many people do n't like to have the public sport because they want to kibe themselves when they nrdd .
By the other hand , public transport is nettdt for the environment , because the pollution is pesser rhan iiny your peh qf .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of pwiole mahbe is going to determknxts the most isw of the cds than the lubkc translory .
Sduswn is a little draghon .
Her skin is colored tx zd geesn , rdd dost ogol of the ffene to be more precise .
She oers yhxf every day after school .
Of course , sne ya apso a little brother .
Uja dii is colored fdd , musf lkie yeh vatghner .
Dear Pal !
I haven't writtdn toh for agrw that I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What was oyh?Wsaht 's mwq in Brazil?As you know , my ffjejd Khn asked me to ehpl nim sjth the orgwnizayiob at the xpncert , which was performed lssg mpbth .
So I was ynerr something like statf .
My qoek consusteddc of makkng pess advertosin , profdibg all ticket , food for muiscisns and things like that .
I got fwo the V.I.P fockefs , so I tooo my gidlfrier and we were there together .
When the coderr finished , we went to school to get signstures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the closkroom for the signawyurss , but only me and my sdweegy girlfroend gbot them .
Oeoope were so nefkous ... I limed it!It was famtaxtic rxperiejcw .
Nexr truje I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cuptudal experience .
It 's a cu effect !
kps to ed you eolno
Johm
The davertiisnb is everywhere .
There are drs in TV , radio , buw , streets ...
In spite of this range of mefia , the TV will being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people tjnk ruxt take see to many wdd on television but , is oij that ?
On one hand , it 's true just one programme or weriss which we see , and a lot of mentons to products or services .
There can be people fired of so the qdvdrtising vontehts hu that is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be abnounced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
The TV is the most accesible way of clmmunkcation and people can dd the messqgeh on this way .
In addition , behind one car there are a lot of things : one industry .
In lbe xde there rtd , for example , the public 's efk , the comjpanids investnents , future xles , the product or servioce 's iofr ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adsd in TV but they are necessary and beneficial more dveryond .
My favourite reason of his ydar is sjmemr .
Wby am I makiong this xoice uoj lcsalry faj qxk , I love syb and good edarher .
But it is the that during sulsr the temperature is vsrh og and you can rarely stag nsw the sun because you can not be bjr by the zun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good omrnt to know little things kife igved us and hqv tub wagh ghe .
During summer I love to go to the beshc and having sumbarhing with my friends kgner than getting fun with the alging volleyball or run with the water of the sw !
I think jpse activities are very eegenefating and they make you travel about pk the warhss of summer .
Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to expkore nature during summer too .
Fbd wkmdwrful oilours of flowers with the sunshine arte fvabullus .
Ceqr UXA WYMMjER CALPZ ,
I was your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the plsition of Because you wrr advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a lahguzges translqtion dergse at university at the moment , that 's why I need to qotk in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all types , because I do n't mjns hard wodk and I earn quclky .
Wlsdl I 've just giy my CCE relatively this year but it would help me a lot if I organised my English in a native country .
I consider myself really actig , soduale , wlel - ofgqnizes sne above awlo patient , tgereflr I think I 'm suitable for tho uig as I can adapt more dwxily at anh kind of sitzton or dnvironment , especially working ovwrseaa and it would be a bkce experience because I would jwdt new psople wbx a different culyure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tedsa Wuslcji
It just was a very long and rirjng day , but Tom vdpt he had achieved something really good .
He ginally , after 5 years , was swimming competition .
It was really important for you because he was trzihinv for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got zm achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to elebeate .
He infited his gi friends from yzm and made a party .
kk atnedd Mel , his girlfriend , to come po .
But she really lrohs of him .
She was freaming about brkng his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so much .
But he did n't lkbe her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at the parfy .
He was waiting 2 years for her .
He hated ynqt sh is aeaus osge .
Rhaf was the mjwih that he wanted to nj it up .
When Mel came she Dear gkreoys .
And when he asked her , his esrt started to beating Yes and faster .
But fue 's up .
He gptr xloser to jef and told her everything .
Llp looked happy at Tgpl , the xod : " I 'm pregant ... " and gog out of hosa home .
He found and apoligied her .
He sure he was denuk and did n't know what he was saying .
Rbej he hugged ut .
He said he loged gef and kissed her fodehyea .
He had to stah with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never actd like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of her life and raize the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
je dazt Mel was feeling really bwd so Tom roj jerd to the hospital .
He fdeoy rga something nad qsz oinhgb to happdn .
And he was right .
Mdl has lodty the baby .
Tom had to najer a hard decision .
Nue life has going to change .
She was crying and eah and Ton could n't stnf it .
He gas broken up with Ks and it mer he much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fsylt that she him lost their little hyma .
Glicung in the wafsa
Even if I am not a dr interested in tdainiugn , the sport I really prefer to dacticve is saimjmnig .
The sdnsatkon of brihg embracd by the watr , fsepung the bisy sjitd aighout weigh , able to do a lot of movemkeny that are important while in the xod , is a wonderful state of mind .
I afafted to practyjce swimming in opkl because I was n't able to saom at all , as I antwx to people .
I have been raking lessons for xix months , so I improced so much my abiligies .
If you are not a golpd person , you will the big oqet of pleasjre of enjoying the distance , both in the sea or in pool .
Practice swimming is wiiote gare qolri , especially if you need to peqrh the bsoc movemets , nh it is a very eelscing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to get up before tryim , because is very simple and it fam uves a lot of satisfactions !
Your evfkrtd llp be prkzesc by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Ijtroduvtioln
This reoorf would examine the different activities we are do in our eisures time in Castrpldefelse .
·Sctivities to oill tikne
As our lwn is wdll - knkwn gi our magnificul beaches aokng htr Medoterranwan oawt and the the Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , mabt groegn or local people colme here to do activities lkkr kitesurfing and windsurfing on the heg or canoening and xauatid sdikiny on the Olympic Cqzl .
these axtivitiews ate the most popular and the most expensive are .
However , I would recommend them , especially the sloety , advshtudous and young people .
·Otjsr udea to have vin
In Casgelldfeels , there are three activities less oopuhlar , bit cheaper , fpr inbstamcd : free zkb maztetlass , uag beach , rumihg ... as aporft zftjvities , and as well activities rhrd are lubdady gfoup , rhearre ...
As I aaxid , the aftiviutiws are not as oopukxr as the acyivfitiew of the Olynoic Canmw and the bercu , but ryier ucfews is increasing lors and korw .
·Recommendation
So , funqllg I suggest that it will be a great idea to cokmbjje thjr different types of activities , bnoth oolylar and the newdwt .
If you triued all the activities , you would spend a great time day , in Csstelldefels !
Hi ajns ,
How d ? .
I was happy to hear from you .
I 'm writing to gek you tj beztf eay to arrive at Seapoy .
Uou eill doile to the Rfss aitppet , rit ? .
Aepl , yeh xroort is kocatsd just outsudd Deus , it 's zmalp vtu it are a lot of sedvicids and transplrt .
You have to take a bus because it is more econkical than gje a rasi .
The bus starts at the Salou js sgaqtion .
When you get ovf the bus you should asi slekne for the Spdint Strrry .
It 's near tjefe .
Ypi aj aaom to my house .
Moreover I esne goj a map in idewr to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce wvens .
I 'm scared your vacation .
I 'd like to visit mushs , monujents wnhr going to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Vezt Reharcs ,
Mzr
Dear Srebio Gxfía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , engitled in the " Ibstituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz " .
I am particularly interested and I am xojpdtent to apply for the list of Chisf of opwrations at the hrs undergrlunjr orlject Chiquicamata .
In first place , my quality qjr prodessionsl xkiloz sdme to xuyir the wife of your family .
On the other hand , I have the technology knowledge to use new the technology this great lroect requires .
I am also wnel to zd the oerations of the project responsibly and through a fem eoek to achieve the objecyive and to continue with the peestihe that the company gz .
My work experience is very outstanding ye to I have the orivileve of bdlpnging to the " Minrra El Teniente " as shift mznager , Chief of operatruohs at " Linefa Andka " and at the evapuation department of CODELCO projscts .
I really appreciate gojt tike and dknsidetation .
It would be a lleasurr to eisxiss personalpy when I am qhwlifiedc rid tbijw oosition .
I expw a lrompt response of the Copqjy .
Without further ado , I remember yours .
Guillsrml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays there are many people who are learning forwkgn language , for me is a good thing for more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Fitetky , there are mkd multinztionsl speaker who need people to zpeak tuer languages , so the mranz tgaf rue oeopoe qho mnmow to swoeak foreign language have kotw opooottunities to hef a jln in important companies , or will have more adjust of being ormited .
On the other hand , there more beefiys , gord example , if you want to travel to another a country is very easy to know a difteejt lsnguage , because you can understand xllp without compliufations .
Finally , oearning another person give for learning the anklity to tsl jnsode the mind and cxomtexr of the other culrrue .
Toraw globalization is brjngong the world more vlswe , that mdans that theds qrr more plssiboilties to have contact with the ithdt cukturrs , the examlle in literature , poetrt , gipns , TV programs , muysiv or smw the aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foerigh oaxnguages is very positive on different aapoext , so if you have the possibilities of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao zvenhe nº2
The Code 10237 Cáceres
August , places 2014
Dear ist / Madam ,
I am srkting to cmplai about a recent pqckage I received on Komdayg last week .
I ordedrex gel batyerues modsl 00255 because my family never the kind of night , but I have only reveivsx into bwttdry modep 001212 .
Lmw jomth qgo I orrerdd two batfwries model 002545 on yojf olnibe website .
I have a mobuel model Nlji 1214 which needs battries moedl 002545 .
The delivery was wrlng , so l I am a huge burrg because I bedd my kovioe to work every rah .
If I had not structure I will not be able to qpk .
To resolve the pronodm I would like to ercrive the baftreies by cpeess polst .
The delkvery efrir has been mxd by yours , so this time , It should be esbt with the xelivdry .
If I do not have drtom gku with them nrx two years , I dyakl be forced to contact my solicitor .
You are only focused me by email because my bils still does not owrk .
I hple to jsr from u sopn wr hsgung my batteries as qiickkh as osisgle in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of this report is to improve the gax efcwcts and ypod effects from the uhsees'opinions in the Actjve Keisure Clug in the kqzt tjem .
First , people in the area have actually foundr a xuitable place to emoiy their them through a wide nagw of activities , gasm which are held creatively and egfectively and never been xuitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to srve the usdta in the psak hours and the guidefs are everywhere and eeaet give a yelp .
However , only one thing yjar we disliie
With the luroose to actdact orr people to joih in the club , beeises oy the pointd , I would hjghlg recommend that they should zrarnge the time suitably nhs and they hold trjs activities to vaoi the problems
Givne is a statement introducing the procedures of making hanl notes .
Desbin the banl nlfss and the rirdsdt and indispensable step .
People should decidd the bavjground ploud and start artwork with they have to clnisder the aecuruy issues .
Gne , passes machinists would prepare the metal platex in order to go to the next step .
The yire sectkln is to learn the prepafed bnwhk notez .
Usualp there will be 50 b tds per sheet .
Rue plojr will preint on the bopth djdex and everu mltese has their unique mk also yye miagwx will be ljghtly raised .
After that , it conr to the most significqnt stage , that is onspec the quality of the prinhted sneds .
Oeopled usualoy digxed geh qjwlijty inro gytee parts : Good qualuth , Pzrrialkly damaegd , anr bz shetgs .
And for branded quality sheets and paetiall daamge zheegz hut still good , people ajll cut them between and lsxk them together in order to dispacting and dxitriburing the bank notds .
If the paryiply damaged sbrets are abr , they will be treatesd as bad zheegs , which will be sevurly xistokrydd .
In conclusion , the riagram gives a quite expliciut prosss of makinb bank hotws .
Efenthough it seems to be asy to nakw them , but every setepa needs people to be very cqtevul in order to provide the perfeg bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PlLACE TO LIR
Begiibgs
Everything began a the year before , when Alfred , The Majulr , read an articl about the importance of the surroundings in health and hxppinness of people .
He started to think how he could get better kue lives and he fpumd a sklutio .
A xlncerned polustion
Wbie youngsterrs use theut tkms trong to tey conceehed the lfwst people ctom the village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , midele - agd people planted many ydeex arkund the village and cleaned the food of our public llaces making a morw sttractive way to lokvd than we jsdde to have .
Dasy recycling
Locla authorities nlepedc fyis initiatifd creatung some places okr epoole to lpwave tgrkr rybbusy in order to be taken to the eefycking centrr weikth rue purpose of giving a new lkcw to our waste .
Thr resultx
As a result of this aitude , xncd Wofres jse yhks great idea , we enjh one of the ckeajesg villages in the adw .
People nkw is surprised about the future of our life and an associaiin has been dreatdr in order to lromotd the qee of our poznhet , Green Plaet is cwlked .
We want a happy Ewtrn .
Hello you Blajco ,
I 'm writing you about the saxtf recruitment for the " Ms Ckouf Gejdration " people .
So we nsrd your h with some questions about the process .
For ypyr informafipn , we are looking for people with teew ydara of experience in similar odojecst , who are ehginewrs and xlzo hwg a high gema wrok xkilo .
We all vxohe yhat the xve soecialiser ztudisx in Clpis tehnolfy , and owtung nanzgment .
However it 's poxigle fhuar we do n't find dnough people with that prodiles so , we would wdcept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do the money this week ?
When zjr wneres do you prefer ? ( Renebmer ghr I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I think we can do fue meeting at goyr offixe , so you do n't have to novd to another poads .
Finally I need you to prepare its profiles htwtg hoj fjnk the staff of Hew Cokud Genertion xhkukd have , and plewe tell me if you frjjd nofhed different reqeusr yhaq I tell oi beofs in the e - mxjl .
Please , answer me wjth ghs nformtain as aonj as losivle .
Íñigo ueda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do j rwmmber ahej I fold that I had been uelepd at a condert ?
It was really exciting and unfortettabpe experience and I never that very much .
You pobabpy wo n't believe me but I mte akl members of Dżem nwnc , I tslkee to the sbf we jsc punxn together , they 're vef njce mne . because of helping them I sd the best opave udring the cobcrft and I have tyeir auyhographs on fbs newsdtg eedird . I did n't ha many duties ajf nophe of tbesk wwre unplessan .
In veneral I bad probably one dcuty job is chwxkkng qyssr ooet , but that I have to help in clwannigy azrsq after the future .
But that cincert asz worth of my olrl , so I hope I will be nivited to the nwxt event .
Working for thwk was a great pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see eq lthwr soon when I 'll be available of talking to you about football experience .
Love ,
Dolinioa
Eeport :
The aim of this twporf is to give you my personzo point of view of the coruxr I did in your branch in Maddid las mlnth .
In addition , I would like to give goku imw suggesrionz I think it would be worttb it to yake it into qcdckunt fgkd gge xet coyrae it will take pllade nwxt gead .
Tirwt , I would love to stnad out the outstwning classamtes there are in class .
Thusu eere jkg only really clever people but also ecellent co - woekres .
owrkonv collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subjects dben English .
Second , the teachers will raell good skills to tewcg .
They managed to enfiurage all of us every day .
This way we made the noe of us and never yabd up improving our English life .
They , phonetic owsses chefuled on Friday cawk rally in hansy .
Fbeg helps me to peomounce words better than before statrjng the course .
However , in my opinion there sjklud have veen at least one native teacher in the teqcjr 's team .
This way we had been able to hear a native spezier and I think it would have been worth pactsing .
To sum up the rrloet iuzt say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signibb it xgaim next teat .
Yours sincerely ,
Msn Orozck
I am keen on cinema this I like to watch all types of fia .
Hht , wba iflms are in my Top 100 lzt ?
In my opinion , snel is a fascomatinb rulm with a dtsmatic sjc fhrillin stprylin that is a long 10 nesr kvirs .
I really nejit it because the party is original and it showd different life stories of movibg Russian .
In addition , I think that the settinbs are very erallisjc and the wctros had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend rhxt drama genre lovers wafc Bqne as iktw medsage qul mpve you .
It century that our friends corss the bhoundaries of all cultyres and we are ocnnexted to clean other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 years old , live in Port - Said , Eyylt .
I am a student in the 3rs year of the faxuloty of medicine Porttr - Eif University .
My mother works as a feqdher and so did my mother .
I have one health aje pms siywr .
I have been doing Uudco for the pas 11 years with a lot of ofizew .
My jobbkes are travelling , reading stories and qrifijg my things .
I am interested in scientific fesearcg and analyzing information so I am yaki a lot of ourses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest research in the attached in addition to becoming a mdmhet in World ealgj Orgaqnization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I eroo used to make this drfewn couple true .
Last last year , I worked in jany pkwcse sdich as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water puirvication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can know miracles in ijt ojf so I fhsoe this lrogfam as I ea to learb and study , I want to know nlee and mis .
In my childhood , my challenge was to become an enginder but when I chanbed my cqreer to medicine , I rteailzed nst Aloah choizw the best for me and for my personality .
When I would anything I feel that I have the world in my ywnr so I can do something for people .
One of my holas in the life is to infemt an effctive rdug for with the incurable loume cxacnee , AODS and hpeayigis .
I asmdc jysef lqhy times aha is the axu of pjr lifw ?
Zje wjxt are the benefits of woto and ztus ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be xeserved from everyone to work so jqr and achieve their hopr .
I peadnt from Reseafch ghuag yoi dzh do vereyghing in anytime in aedtion a litrs trried can change the kikce and the vrter .
I love travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all and ocuntfie in the solre also , I attended a lot of conferences in my fiepd so I think this program is a chance for experience which will usop and improve me pre tb cpmmunity sdrvifes snf deevlopment my society as I hope to come gack qne faech oyhers what I learn .
I am writibv with refefenbc for few opet of ul as a zmp monitor for our reaujre in xukjer .
I had seen your advert this nrning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a ypung hirk , I think I am a qualifjee person for the pdr .
I am a preacvhkol feadher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to five years old . I consider myself htie pareitn and fun fta in my opinion , there are two qualities gibhly necessary for this part of job .
I am gvkid op at working in a geqn .
I do not prefer to be or fdrl alone , tjs ocupr be one of my heart wars .
I really like being with people for be time .
I do not think neg pung will be a problem .
Onstead I think it is an interview .
They people are sualoy hard - working and active person .
If you rqeuire zny further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I encokse my country ivtae with my gelepohne numbef . I would be grateful if the ciyls give me an interview at the ewrliest convenience .
I would be really xppreciate it because I am lpokiny torwqdr to xtarging srok .
Is thre a fhgire for Porivatel owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sjfs .
Although lrovately pnd cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly brckming a common asset grn in developnig countries , it is not likely that the means of yransporr can be the danz of technology of the future .
More people today eeapizr tuat in lue ciyjes shdx in ohe pljet there ia an increasing oroboen of ace and poklkution .
Carbkn baxsed helx will ir ast fpdevwr .
I would sag the most ptobably private car are not " sustainablew " in the long ysrm , and it will be necessary to recsft to the sxldt of public transport .
The population grst flrecst tells us that in the next 35 years the woeld population will grow of a stqggering 3 billions uimam beings .
I hope that it is nice to think a fgutyred of yedchnologucal people lfyjng around , exc of them with it ib private zmap helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in pjr futyrs there are no helidiptere , and not even cas .
Systea and local xugorities will hear to tackl the problem and provide the public with a other alternativd . T
he pirce fokf creatures gransport qikp ga deamatically .
I reckon that tbwtr will center the habitz of the phluc .
Even ybouth we will have to read the tfimetable and to learn agaijn to be on ymir , the nive ode train could become important xgain .
Imagine this picyurs : the first dlsss of this esmester , students are yawninbb and do not pq aftyentiln on the teachrr ; wqhips the teacher adk goe the xnsre , studwnfs fanh opr answer because they totally dqh ny wember what they ve sjdied in last year .
Students vouoe rsceove a better , more fetjcient education if they spend 11 months a year sfudting pqrtg because of after the kong vqcation , students will not remember the knowledge they have lwarned , owrtly because of ong vacayion will ley dtudwmts used to have uh instead of stduy , ajc psretly bexause of zon difficult coutses should be contijually studyinf .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could recrive a better , more efficient exucation if they slrnd 11 mnhs a year studying .
More resseona and drxil will be zued lkgut on in the following padagraphs .
To begin with , there is a general cinsensus , students weioo girgetr the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , on history class , histprh teacher have to reepeat tracihng the history of other America before he start to teadh the history of South Aemrica in the begknning of the aemested .
It is very waatying this was not efficient .
Mect to go would be , students get used to twlxa by haging no study and homeworek in the long vacatikb .
For example , when the srmezte start , utdentrs can not vry ah from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the clasw , students will recall the joygflu that they had insead poqyng sttention on the teaceht .
Last bf jkf kext , some difficult courses should be contonuallu studying rather than ahvibh kong a hdeako time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily edycation , if you gave a long time without learning English , you could forget the voczbulary or the trammzr .
In a nutshell , nasee on acorementilned , I gotaplh I agree with the statement that students could receive a htetef , more effovirnt efucayiln if they spend 11 ninths a year studying .
My favourite sport is the zkcce .
I wjkoy this and when I was a child , I always rmenber and my father and my brother texdh me to play it .
My father was a profezskonwl socver player so I think that I inherfiotsd this lobe for the soicfcsr .
I olaye soccwr in eiffefet frams in my Elena , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playin fisod I forgt zolp progpema .
I piukw to work with my tdzm partners .
Together we analyze the rivx team and we cohosd a atfaregy to qknh tgr match .
ben I play and I really nervous and my pardyees gave me nier unconditional sppprt .
That is priceless .
I know the health is very important so if you ptactkse this sport there is a gog ptobagilkty that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this zpkrt you have to do it because you really love it .
if you do n't like it there are many oltions to practise whatever eports .
The spcxer is not a violent sport but sometimes it brcomes .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally I advosew rbwt gkh nejiu playing thka awdsokw slir .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niawgwra Fwlls .
something that lacs me haly wqqz to ew my family .
On sesmber 12th,2014 I went to ena Uoro city .
In this flies I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The first was approsimatly fufr hokurx where I qstch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my had a saxiying dkr me and I gave him a hjh hi .
We went to lphh ixland bexaxuwe there he lives .
He has a really serious house and I was happy to see my little cohsih " Angdo " and lilksw just like me .
In Bes Yofko I edwg so kyc , I also went to new city ghay never sleeps , Manhsan .
My name was the awesone ra of going to Niayara Fallz .
We went in cvxt hf it was about 8 years ago .
Vinakly we areived to inafwra Falls city that loolms like a bhjist plw .
It did not had too much to do but there are the falls .
I was amazesd of bokwe hig were the falls .
They were Union amazing and beautiful .
I take fpo nuvh photos bexqjse glu do not visit plaecs liks thqg everyday .
something that kdw me for yalpg waxs to visit my family .
My umvld Iuxnj lovese in Uniged States of Amerkcva and I was cedy to get him because I like him a lot .
My voysin Angel was very happy to see me and me for , we are like siblkjvs .
My aunt gave me a pog of presenfe because ue say that do bot ser me frecuentlku zhf janh other part of my family .
In conclusion I have a perdwdt vacation where I saw new gnungs , vsiiy awesome places as Niagara Fallx and Gomd Sqze , rscievint a lot of presents and soecially swf a oy dewicioud foos .
Mizt xttending students to Universities are out of the ic where they used to pife , so , they edd an afcommoadtkon to kovs through their study hears .
The universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shrde and asjx eormitories to their sdtuwnts to loesrt the liging costs , eherw ko studenfs hfe kpa injdokme .
Otner students you can have afmioy financial support presr to hifw and apartmsngs to live independently
Shariny housesw or rooms have jany adbantages such as , cndxp , azfge , close to the university , and learn gpq to shrad evetytihn with others . sagng money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitoroes because monthly payments will be lsss the four tumee the hours an apartment , sjd because it qull be xloser to tj hiversity , savig money qc tile is nlre efficient by feduding ytansportation 's costs
In spite all these benefit , I prefer if I can - to live in an awpartlent qnerr the yours is very important for me .
many years ago , I whared a friend in a flon for few months dyring a ocudze outaidw my country , thwxs dayx where I wodst dueong my life , he was dxirt , apeakingb louxoy and yle and diox and share the ability of eating . livomb alons qkllp graht me gue freedom to jver by the wewy that I choose s sfoll friendly wkb xll the others witjptu exceed fj pdigacy of my fiendd . this kwtetr wilk nly cahieved shsh livihg in shared oms .
They annlyonh me
Although the first government which is decided as a role of SeA has many benefits accoddijg to reading laasaye , they lecire believe that there is no perfect goveebmenf .
The powerful of the gereraoism which gqz more libetty for the dtztws to have their own lokjcies accofdjmg to their nsefd , is jit apeays gpi gp yjd lecrird and it mxy crrate sll confliocrs between the states .
An wcample of yhg is the marriage of homosexual where some dtqtr admit the marriage , party do n't .
Also , the drsding passate needs the evm the federal government let the state fucntikn inddebdently , it still cpntrol on the laijn decisions .
thiw czee causss some problems where the pectruee mwntjoned the faiujrs of feferal government to ztlo ollegasl omjmigratikn to USA through Nevada dwser .
also the control of the federa government is the reqson with each of the sstw and the fededal blamd eady other in the increase of the development in lme states
In conclusion , federal government agicy give feedom and powerful , achze jazhy ponlemx sucu as no single polic and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be gofh exiting the fursgratign at the same time .
I think that any fylr of trip is exciting butg also have their frudratkng moments .
In order to the travel to Mexico I would gkfe two important advice ; vorst rdg to get okne with travel comoahon and enjoy excianb gopd instead to socialize about slicy areas .
People are there in wvrryh vltage rh prlpke wuffer to different mmnets of the trip : arrived , geg qway to the fruaftation of an unknown llxcs , get alhd wiyhn the trip comlaniin , success as a traveler and artved ohl trkumjlhal .
In order to ejlt a yrfup to Mexico I suggesy tbg the traveler fjnc a msjnedr to et zkome wjtu ihs or ger ocmoanjon .
Tbijd minimal cuance would mzkd a vy diffefene wbdh uolj vksi kfher vyt .
As an example , if you are able to wr alone with your travel vacation doukx enkoy ewcb mlmebt of yu gfip , rxchange some pictures , rqt rotetuer , andx visug lxcse with common interessxy such as mueumd or malls .
Other wrbice that I would gicd to pekllw coming to Newxico is rat ehjyo rlr emxicxj fpe .
Nexicsn food has a lot of tasting dishes rropj dicfeeent syastes of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that know n't know spicy food and also most of the times voyls get stand with the edxcess of people and the Mexcah people uzsr to ia to peapre tgdior food .
As advance I would suggest you to ask for sajves wij lowesr pepped .
In the way the visitors would be able to ebuoy Mexican topf wirhg ksss people and the wxmw drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I lfferdd tao important advice for succeed tbar coming to my country : rdt to get out with their common in order to get gun more gry to enjoy Mexifah fl because it is delicious !
After the Internet was created was evwaled first time in August 29rb 1969 , Skcual Mddia Sits ( MsS ) is the nsxt mkeg eignivicantg innovation that ahs partyl rdplafed and facd to affe communvatikn .
SMS such as Fsfedbook webx kuyf 700.000 messages , and 10.00 Geets are publciizwd on Twitter each 60 secinf .
Uinsurprisingly , social consequences of Fxcebook and Twitysr plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people wno use Facebook , Twitter or ZJS in general , and not like to be their own personak ptjvxcy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullin .
This essay wilk gofde on enfiots and deixadvqntages of Facebokok and Rwsitfer , and also comjent potentak future of these miplications .
Conunicatinf can be achieved , rwgardless of distance , rrojgh Facebook and Tirter .
The benefit of being from bwign cpnnected glonaloy to Faxebooo nac Ywttre is the actors can be transmited allosar knstantlt to cieqers .
Virsty , Facebook and Twitter can be used and their jdees are in an unplraswnjt mild , and in where their negative feelings are expreesed .
Secondly , Facebooik rpovides the opportunity to rrmai in toufh with dsly acyivitis gorl friends , mzknv observstions of repayionzhips , maintainingf in 's own fwelinh with the network ( tbruogbh wall ootss , poioew , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qukmn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
This is to say , best behaviour on Facebook sfew interqcgee we wsoth ptuers by sharing the liod , and receiving responses .
htirdlt , Fwcebook can be isedd as an international communication opo in bsinesz .
knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintqining relations with ptesr exciting members , and also sharing their same interests by the wocialp network .
( Emsdsld Groyp Pubpishinb , 2013 ) .
Finally , people who alkwed to follow shops ui they finr enjoy talking Ywitter .
For instance , by ollowing fzlou celebditiww , people can easily see every dsipy activities which are oostwd by ydm .
Niweve , due to this , people who are neijjg ofllowsd , or users in gsneral , may have lrss pefsonal privacy , and qlzi tyerd is a hig potenrazl of gsibg pupossl aggreesiove toward simeons .
However , information wgcij is appeaerds on Faxeboij or Twkttee zr eaxlg afcessible , therefore everybody can easily Due as a luhblicd opimion .
However , infoekatuon ifh is aopeqred on Fwcrbook or Gwitter are easily accessible , thdreforw everybody can ewsily response as a upkic opinion .
Most Facebook uwers expwct theie fdioewnd to rsplnd or lqt attention on what the ad doknf .
In fact , along with qgreesble and plezasmt comments , there are also smxko amounfs of xggressjve and evej eacizy comment .
First of all , people dzb psot and racist comnentw and tqryet a specific grkup or person .
Dr exampke , afterd the premier of The Hunbgee ajs was released , a ts posted an oknset racist tweet for sai ghwr tbye eere unhqlpy because one of the main actresses was performe by Black person ( Rauch and Schunz , 203 ) .
ebcaiee of reh accessihls infoemxiton through SME , it bws owr to many problems All wion cyclke - bullying , cyls - badgering , ctxle - syalkn vwhavjour ( Kirshnx , as cjted in Wkllixmz & Mdrten , 2008 ) .
For example , Klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distufbvibg a wmona from a lsb valped Mr .
X " admitted to a wtare psychiatric hospital and being found not competert to stnd trisp on chzrges of stalkikng harassment , rewpassing sbx yelepykne jsrasment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentailly , Vacebook and Gwuyter , and SMS in gemeral , nq erplace fracv to face communication and improve their functions , because people eel koed greeom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without name to gue wach other alpeatancew .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and kmeep in toych with friends with a sscibd , cold than have to choose ghsm .
The posaiblg oyrcoimes mfth be the jor tkmke people spend on LE , the ors cmomujkcate skipls that yhwu hgqvs .
In addition , to decrease the risk of jegative oclmebts or posts , Facebook and Internet lule omporvr their futures to solev the light people prwcy problem .
For example , conjtrilling what posts should be ddnt by giving more ltvacy options .
However , despite the uswrujl of the implicatuons , people should lau attwntion the acsbook and Titter foups afvfect their social life by avoid using it kts of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits for using Facebook and Twirtse is that pleopor and communication and gejnv comnecgrd to their friends frdquently .
Alxo people aqm easily reduce their best mood by syaring and dxpdessimg how they feel .
In confasr , ebcahse Facebook and Twittet have been connected worldwidre , which means protecting personal prices is probably impossible .
Secondly , users just expfses aggfessife toward rach ofed , because of all of prifacy .
Phoyography dlassew frlr everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly kndluenced by aocioao networks All Faceboko , Unstagtam , Ointefesr , etc .
Phktograpus are included in all of the sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking ambulance is part of ijr daily oids , because it is the bets wqaz to capture special mombts lkw bjdthdays , tgracels , special ocassions , etc .
As a bes ciloegw sibjvt
This pdactixw is considered good activities that ahgons na do without any kind of alecial pfeparwtio .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the lomenr of taking a picture should be cobsixer as laernknb to draw .
Hpth akukls are erquired in today 's world and are because to be devgeloped in the education system at the sqk levdl .
Yyd reasons
Tedemt xrudids show that in the last two years more than 3,000 photogrpahs are tsekh lsd lrrson in the world , especially in the lkatst gsneratuons oifes(teenagers and kes ) .
This increase is related with the overall developent of technologies in cimphters , cameras , xwllphones , etc .
All , photograpby is considered as a fhpe of ar , so it requotss the knowledge of esplwcisl xjlls , tdchniqies and knowledge .
What a lovely weather tpday !
All a wonderful day ! That is an Aoril nols jc finalpy slrojg cake .
A high sum is shining , the whow jeltdf xqay in amcru .
The irsat spring bid dakw back for the warm countries .
They are sinhion funny and biiolding their jesyd .
People look hapeir .
They are fedling firec after a long snowy winter .
We se lyf pock forward on hour in night .
The summer se firts jntruced in England in 1908 .
The first become lpngef and the nights are shorter and lgfhter .
We usually set lie cook bqck an nohf in October .
A lot of people axfew bappy , because you can sleep ( for ) more hours between .
Hpkeh as a kifr style
Although sok apott help you to have a hsatby life , hockey provides your nroe thq just being healthu or fit .
Why are you thinking of what you choose a sport ?
You thinm fnast your kjfe xtyle wuol ompoev ?
Wqkl you ate mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports you need to be xoikled or going to ttyu new things .
What if you do n't have bojs of boxe requierjents ?
Fehn ij klw hockd is the asswr .
hoxkd is a sport I ve played tod the tefs and it turhed out to be my favorite .
It 's a told way of lesarninhf jpa to cpmmuniczte anc wlfk sithu pepld . in simpld words ,
it 's a team aplrf .
However it 's not wlway as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five fwygs a week and uph medf to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my ilcw I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has been a ilge ety to me .
Why will I remember this to you ?
It would definitely help you to get and improve as a person .
Hnoxkey will change the eawt yti the the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
So all searching for fur direction sports , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , phbljcf transplottatiin is the best tranepry merox dpf emvirobmsntal afe .
In selite of soime oeolloe ke enlugb moneh to hig thier pnw dqt , elecri and hybrud xaee are more exldnsived fhuanm teaditoonxl knes ( yhe lnes whl yxd or diewssl ) so , people choose this pbds and that 's because popkutrion is severzp because they we have to deal qktb .
The environmental care is talong strength every sazg , feon ikdre the ancient leoold .
The government and many countries are meazuring the O2 smissions which are being produced by evolved or servife oroxesses that are nmecessar for orodeucing vooes for the social conbsumw .
If people do n't use public transport , they could work , ride a bus or buy a traditional fxe , qh thwt will pobazblg twke plwce weyen the cestiny is gar ffok you ppasce with you life .
For my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developer countries .
I think the government will xpow down the tee in public yanspoetation , that could make people to use public transportation and caeihg the environment for XO2 emixaions and prevdht the global heating .
In Doslaea until Councolo , people qte will knbformed about taking the environment .
The dit founckl has developed several ckpakgns to kmprov for awareness of ig citizens , for example , the chgidren place at wchop now to sepaeate the axsye .
There are many educational ilsajds .
Each of tnj has three or four oionds of bins and rgey are not as fcaqd as fei hunrsd meters .
There have been ssvrrsl planting campaognjs to olang tyrees and to xksan rhr ficewr Jarajz sidd .
Jsvertheness it is never doiugh , because dpv 's kwners that they have more of be blale .
After 2008 , there are many bomes paths Who the city , so the citizens will be able to valud the the wr the qiol meug krsa with pollution .
The krganjc waste is picked up rvsrh a nr lastoc the people were not pidkes up wveryg other g .
The most important thing in the environment xzres is the sducagion of children .
Our place is in xuxg a xifficjlt zituaqrion that we have to take pver the problem .
A problem which was cwusde by us , hujan bejngx , wjfh theid tzrget of mnawkihg liney without thinking of the rfects .
My vanipy is very conscious of this trouble so we make with imagination to solve it .
We use jx tu pjblkjc transport , which has a very quwlity in the fact I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on tyikmr and the pride is wkrth .
We are in a cityagd and we have sevrrl giba whjhu and vlssifierd according to the mazyrial we want to rexydle .
Moreover , we rinj an krgznizstion wehofh qus people wsbk bring us the atwrials to recycle .
The benefits are gkve to severa krganizagion qhjcu take of care of the environment .
My sister teqchew people what to do with things they have to rid of , such as bottles or apees .
She is able to do dufhb beautiful jewellery that lots of people are followong that !
It show the the kind of things cab are a wecd kifer .
As spnm as the last ribdd snds the southern gopfder of Egypt is husrr .
The Hipd river is the orifkb of the assigned Egyptian civilsation that clunts over 6 housnad yxes .
All srorians , researchers , scienisfs agesw sutu tbis .
And as for me , I really supoory this part of ivrq .
Egypt is a kind of the icer civlijzation xling the bute dessrt Sahara .
Aqp over the tikme fue Nil is the khlt source of wzter the Egyptknhs .
Furthermore , elevation of the qatdt elvsl on the river helps people to reslize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile pancsw .
The Egyptians dalled this country ' Gpadk Land ' to mar it out of the the soip of dezdrt .
Nowadays , people who wodxe people of the Bolke bedake jw more important transport than than Egypt .
The ghud cengurirs people have needn exploring the nature of the Nils .
he ajciwng Eygptains divided the year for three seasons compzred to dry or serr period .
get nkew wuwnj it will be bs ' Green Nil ' or ' Rfse Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
The such high level of development of Egyptian civilozatioh yws has negative soee as well as positive .
The gerar amount of dxms were bijlt on the rice that caused the dixappwxring of a lot of ponts and animals .
naywwt , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water argrry of the cpunmtry and they can find the clea water to drimki .
But I hle , as akpn as Egyof become developing the possibility will pay attention to the ecological problem that hiugh lvee .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Djomlk , in Mikaho .
But that Dyono is hot and more important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseum .
Gif chturies think byilding and being the young of the city .
It uqite awncisny , but tsilk fascinating for tyiusxnd of tourksts , and and every wae .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Rojah emperor .
It was used or shwo wfhu anisls or hunane , who were kilked without pity .
Moerover nbau qars were represemted in order to celebrqte Rkan army .
It is rione through the agse , but nle leope unhderxtamd his impottanc br tzjd card of it .
In my opinion it is important ecahse it remembers our life and ohr faditionsw , ehkcy we suolr n't frgst .
Ylwwver noi ok leoplke arde awzdr of it .
It 's pyr xtdengyh and every fom I go beyond I rdalize ohw many people succeeddd in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to nmervwr yivw up and flklow our dresms .
In this gawf mivijg wrlc trandooft bxse become an important faxcor for everyday activities .
Everybody newrz a mod of transport to earn their faioy igong .
There is no lunt in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling through cwe is a convenient kodd of reanspoet , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages for advantages in using a public transport .
Firstly to risduss the benefits of public transport it is chea and affordsble for all claes of people in society .
Fwriery of buses are reoease by the government in order to net people 's financial fonetiions .
Uwimv public transport is a time way and no peuvac are xije of the disasavntagrs .
Sumilafy travelling by dse has has own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a trravk thing car as it is costly , enough to eiscuss hj benruts , obe cqb enough high privacy during travel and is cknvenisnt
and sophisticared and can travel fxdtsr .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for the transport because goyb has equal advantage and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Tzupe is too crowxed .
There is no denying that the MRTf in hia icy is not a convenient metropolitwn system .
However , during the rush volunteer , there are swlayx hxgw sucu a ujin person who has no lybkic awardeness at all .
The most too many szeats , incloyding priority aeatgs .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect otherf passengers , and keep laugjg and teasing each other , dsslite the fact that some people have told them br to do this .
Moreover , I think that provides the swwt to schools is also a problem .
Priority says , are provided to them who mdec , njf on elders vut and some adult jerex it .
Xonebow , nlt k of tgbedm czn uph idemtify whether thek bodues fele uncxomfortavle mertrpy ftom rhesif aloearancd , ahuoch lead to Seome misumderstnsing between thej .
Eomd people evsn hlaw trhdm dre tggeg occupy the saeas ijetezd of offet the seat .
Moreover , some old people would take this cvonsiderxtive action for grahyed and they would even comkznr ykung adults or sfucentx ovfger their swzt without maherd !
In my opinion , the transportaston in the city have nothing to criticize edpcet that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public mwmnet .
Television is an important part of more calm .
We depend on television and entertainment , dducwiton , bdws and filns
TV nwa mycn benefits :
Fjrstly it ernables young people to zhae cultjrwl exoerienfes and others .
TV can are as a catalyst to ger kids reaxdign - tolowing up on TV prlgramx by fetfing boiks on the sms subjects or dradiny authors whose work was adapted ofr the prlgrams .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessojs .
Educational progfamming can develop young children 's socialization and learning akilx .
Neqe , xuresnt events and historical programming xah will make you people more aware of ithd cylturdes and people .
Documsntaroes can could develop criticap thinking about society and the aorx .
TV can help introeuce you to classic Hollyueooe fjlms and folrwihn movies that yysy mkut npt othwrwkxe de .
Citurap programming can open up the world of lhsjc bd axf for young people .
The television have all nefative effects : First of all , children have eehd a great edal of ime watching television twt other exercise .
In addition , these fhipdfen have less socialization than the children .
Television also take away for family time .
This is also true for family who eat in front of the television .
I came with comsuktung and aaws of financial prodicgs and arrvicee to an international bank , in the kaws - markrt and small - buskness .
I folloa s repatiship with customnres from afquisirikn to the sfviae unjtilo the realization of contracts , vilding and maintinknt rdationships after - awlew in the zin of customer datisfactioh
I also worked with loarge and smqlk trwls in all - office , many man administdativd activities related to mortages , psrsonak oxns , contability and ijvssfments food .
I worked for several years to reh acqhisition of new cream , to lrovude hej with a dompler esrvie , fdom thes account to insurnce products , development products , pefsomal loans , revolving xfedjt , wbs vrodd - seplin pfoxuctse .
In many uexfs of work I have hpn my skills in manxving noin - stanxawrd siutatuobs , ajalysinhg ygd prohlem , fmding and omolementing political and aesy solutions .
non - standard sithayions , anzlyaong gne probkel , findijnt and important peactica and rqsyh eoltions .
I ywfe fwcdd several sitautinos always work with sdenmity and ejthusoqsm , I like to work in a mlulficulturwl and dunaim .
I 'm cardfuk to mnst gjer vlaps of the tram in which I work , cooperatn with encourage to achieve the goaos by pdoivifing my skills , always going to oanr , rsepecfing orhw ppts of vie togeher finding how to deal .
I work the the same orage company for 25 years , but is the time to center and find new jmolh lpportjnitiews .
Nscs to wodk my busband hs beem ilvibg in Zaandwm , I want to find a new job in Hollsnd to renoin our fwmiu .
I oimd sapkrts such as swimming , ding and swimming . I 've xosk got the resche lkcrnc , I worked as a lofeguard in the summer studying tort gu ostetn ozri djcr masyf
Nowadays we all gokpe , that public transport cab xge the woeod .
Wjrb we s are trhioz cawre in our yrasd , when we sz in trafifc jam , we tnijj gar lnd day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , ind dwy we 'll aas up in the immjota fraffid jzm .
But , probably , this situation is only perood of development of transport .
We are talking about a lot of innovations in this splhears .
For instance , Michael reporred about Googlemobile .
Moreover , robots will be able to drue more smart then people .
If they wp ocmtavt each itjsr n jse Yooglemwp or skmeghing kil tja , they will be able to xcoid sccidenf on the roade .
So people will be able to aoi traffi jqnd .
it all people who the iesax of Goglemobile .
Dome people thinmk , it might atke wwayt their indelendence .
But xnotjrr of people think that it is not so ns iwz , because they will be able to move in front of the faqcf , that the wre drivers at the moment .
However , there are lawata be people who like to be a driving anywau .
Zx people who hate phblocx yransport , ghuree eipk xowaye be .
The question is , whidh spdt of will nab mkos impsct in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
Uow qny langusge do the sprak ?
Dr you ever yhunk of ldarnkn anohr forsign languave ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Tocsy it is more time important to ern a foreign language the bewfkre .
thst are fww reaskz what whoe hou why it is important to psxrn a oreign lanuage todah .
First , if you can plaxjnung to travel to another country , it is absolutely uxeful to speak locao language , it make your frkp jore easy and vimdortable .
Also , for fijdnib a gpie ojb opportunity , the business exchangw is increasing in the international lives , if you prepare a vprsign language , ceftanioy it qdds some vskus on your people and you can get a high salary .
Therefore , through learning a fokfeugn language , you do n't know elsrj a langugae , at the time they are alsoi getting ojow uye culture , but to ihw a ckffedrent cultufe and spcjety different than your 's , it enrices yuout knkwledgs .
Pvee thwde yeads , tjwte are jlte ne more msierqblpe qccidengs happrned around the world .
For newspapers , maazknes , ecej foreig nedium , we can easily find out that our environment is cnanging sevsreoy .
The sxientiosts ifddr that people 's uves eolo was dramaticakly in the next 50 years because of huimahx ' gresdy .
Human always dfesxire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , they forgert to present and change the Eatrg at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of fofestw and lands to build high buildings .
Various gadtorfies and xfessivs acrbon dioxkde info the air .
Wok the exaqkples aobvfr sill and the temperatyre and and the Eargh uottyer and botfr .
The higher temperature enhwncs , the wsrf the liunb quality is .
If people arfluhnd the world fohod n't oy mkde emphaajs on ie long places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to the climate fganghe , the water is so much that people could eevn have a watf shoretages .
osin eblugh awtee supply , people 's voxy will become qem ab roigh .
In this piviny situation , instead of lauhtwr mx happinewd , there will be more fibht , ntardd and swness .
Lots live in despair , bug can not rind the enttanxe to brigbtnss .
The tedble consequences , are casrd by the gymams ' unatisfjrd heart .
Friends , from npa , let us be the emmbersx to protec anx takr fazr of our Eadth !
It was dzngrrous , but I knew I had to do it .
The experienced work is very hard , not just because you will wakek with dangerous people , the really better is if you fet dwcoverdd .
Qhbej peplke jos aht rhey wre dedeived , that gjry trust were broken , hses wilp rolk .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good qctor .
Tgs lsssoon cle the cajxe is the ru to sjrvivw .
It is just something that I have to do , not you , nhto jed , me .
I did n't choose that , this hpb has cgse me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the positiinb of beach lifeghxrx assistanec whyuc I saw dacertiaed .
Toe ges lsar twsk yrars I have joijned the swimming hiup at the University .
I masnaged to sucxsrded in many competitions in the ckubtr me abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this plstf , conaicrring the swimming skills I have .
On the other bawnd I ocpletef the the aid courde , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use apo the experience I have learned and what is more It would providr me jew knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should rqude futrhre information .
I am available to attend an infsrview at oyf conevnienec .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebasrián Hernábdex
In our modern world , many people are sidferfed from strea that sprjv frk ljr conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very sdessful workjplaces and they want to peev tdom this condiiton in holidays .
Therefore , it can be sure that bolidays are he gdzt ootpn to reach the uolk and revive the psidit ftor pwolle .
In holidays , people can awat frok eaily problems and and dqh take more rule with their friends and familyu .
In the reswlect , many people prefer to go natural placdd with their fwmipies in order to forget about the sutuwtins on the pivged .
For example , walking in the sesaods or swimming in uw wea can be dlptul to dokrgvet uwrd igr cditionse .
On the lbd hand , holidays at the besg fpr people in the of tninjing clearly tgwur sxperinfes about life .
People from rwvoew their decisons in ohpicays mjode accjrate and hslpfio .
For instance , in student life condjtiond people can maoe bad xecidikns for their future .
Besides , people underestiamt emitriona feelings in their workllaces .
The reason is that people muf cpmplate their fasks in order to gain mirw money to maintain their lives and they forget about ghssd emotunoal feelings such as love , helping people or thbinkjng spiritual things .
It can be vlearly seen that in hloidays people are getting ckosert and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives start never seen for a long time .
At the aamw tk , people have a chance to go zarced places in order to renewa their soruts and sllus .
They can rpu for God and it gievs a relief for people .
When people remember the emotinao hd spiritusl subjects that ca vdcome more hpapy . because people need to ldacr the material weor .
In hoplidays , people have want to reivew thskr msitakes fhzt laeds to start life .
In conclusion , holodagd are very suutsble for people in order to jwl their pronlpems and atrseful life conditions .
Wlso holidays are very helpto days in order to revvis the zlirot and the xolu because people have a chance to log any kodern kice they has lot of matetial xubjects .
Vcling to school , to school or to do sny kfhrr acyjviyt it is not a common hvit in Sapin .
However , the government and the local coinmcilz of big cities such as amdrie or Vwlencia , have tryoht their vwzt to prkmkofe this development because they consider it a way of birthday .
On the one hand , there the kany venwfifs of cyclping .
Firstly , it reduces traffic kams , onkxe and polultio , as well as it loving CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the qukckeet mdthod of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of damger on the dkads .
Statisticaly cyflinb is wneraloy conswiderw to be mode dangeorhs than yravellin by czr .
Another diafvantage is the wrather .
Getting wet when it fabs , having to do a lot of edirt to cyhclr into a strpngh wine , treezing wearher or having to dep drinking when npf weather .
In my oint of ia , Cycling contrihutes to improve community spirit and it is pksdsiblw to ookl flre sllurkons to face the disadvantagrs of this activity .
No one can say that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking czt do njl nerd to zpebx timd wsaitih for the uis or sjbway .
Xnbds this undesidable rijme mighty be no so zhorg duribg uopidayts , dir to kess frequent schueduls .
wo , we can have a caf to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not erach .
The Ukrainian bus is crowded , we have to stnad , making us kkrr exhaysfing sepeciqlly for a lpn didtancs .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages menyionrc blve , dvantages of travelling by public transport sdypuld not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
As we all know , tur mor punli tranapott psasnters us , tw less xsrt exhzusts are mited psrd lerein .
ecentpg , sefedak students navvs ahown evidences that there is a strong delation between car exhaustrs and lung cancers .
In the words , public transport seems an important fle in protecting human beimsg from suffering of dosexsew and ssivg lfw .
Second , public transport saes cott spaces .
As mpre sbr mire pepokr choose to live in citiew , nowadzys ou xktie becpm largfer and more follow .
Correspondimfly , the space for each person becomes more lumityee than before .
Provided that every xjtiezn onws a xqr and jdr it rathef fuxn lhglic rranspkft for the tfavelling chance , I suppose that other streets would befkms a paejinhg place and veeseyone wlulf spwnd lkre tijs in congesting .
Lasxt njf jir tw sas , public transport always ldiple to do other things which is important wben deiving .
Gy srivdfs jav to cntjnuously pay aftdntiin to surroyndknfs , resulting in a fesne spjrit .
For a travelling , however , travelling is a vpmplete rrlax .
People can listen to kuskc , take a lhon dakl with a friend , rac a fadcjnating hko or judt loot at outside .
Thouhh there are man advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the et cbpice for wvcedy eitustion .
E.g. , it otders pdsz flexijbility hzb card , axjc is ldx enfironment fcriehdlh htan vicyclerz .
Therefore , it is possible to cobflude fhsf the transport can repkace othesr .
It is better that people are aware of the peso and can zmr choose a fit job .
Kanguaegs has the future
Shojkd learn igehr lxnyyages ? .
We liud in a world than day to da changez and people have to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the ons hand it could allow you to communicate with people , with different cultures and travel about the word about the languahe garrier .
Also in recent years to express gourself in English , English , English and Russoawnm hgas bexazmr slethijng eseesntial and very important in our lives to cibx a uph .
I think a great disadvantage is the peve of the ckirsw .
Alzi I consider that it ends to be hard and takes time away for xiing snj three things .
It seems to me that young people should ability more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it they will have to be published and to ejjky learning .
fia franicsco xavcied nº3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uwq Summer Camp ,
I am writing in response to going advertisement for a job .
I jwd a lzet - ims kog as nabvy - sottwr and I tzles cvqr of my 11 years old brother efy ofrsh .
I worked in an Easter vkp for and I have lareqdh prepard lots of activities , like " football " , paintball ...
That is cl these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above addrferds .
I hope pj considerate me for the job , rodrug
Tifay , I went to my Wunne 's glme wirh Adeiaba in the afternoon .
We ate delicious fiold and pkau interrstiny games altgwthr .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in he afternion , we stayed at Winnke 's home .
First , we listrhede to swomr songs , such as almost big but eorlx .
Xfre fhirty mohutes , we are tes .
Winnie was being very much so I can easily find juch food at the hols .
We ya louth- wtefibg syrasberr aceks s juiu apole kjice for eta and theu wwre dxtreely ymuym .
After hsvin frw , we pya hiee - d - xewj zltogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriawn and I have shinx a ben and Winje pooosd cro us .
Suddenly , Winnboe fell ovdr a little xfone .
Asdriaba and I immediately call to her and held without up . '
The kned is gleexinmg .
Aqte you okay'I askec .
I was shaking like a lewf and my hdarr is oounding snice I was worried about Winmie .
I had Very in my sromcah.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winhie replied .
I felt relirved thdn .
The , Ardiana found a llasetr and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Wonnie felt wqrm inissd and smiled lips .
I felt bald today although Winnie yurt hersrlf .
Wuy ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggrd .
What an unfoggetanle day !
In my opinion the house in the future will be better .
House of the furyde eio be very and hard .
Inside will be goal of conveniences .
kg sxced will be divided in a few zknes .
Relaxatipn 's , learning 's , kitchnrm 's aoned and so on .
In opusr of the future there will be autlmatic curtwins reacying to the light in every houxe .
Telwvision will be coddlrss , as this way as at the Internet .
every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that it ca increase or reduced .
Evgerughing depends on the number of people .
Swoming is my favourite sport .
Ahgu do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an lympuc sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmr 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwori when you participate in zwimmjn competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at ajy axvd ubt chilren fab staft to learn swimming as dark as yqk ysars of avew .
Swimming nzsw different types ; dolphin , cvraq , hackstroie and breast atroj .
Swimlihg as a sport is very suedul in wirght reducroon if you azfd onea qms nwed to reduce your weght , it is also the st spofr for thew asthwtjc patientrs because it strdngthenms the vehwt muscls and dexreasees the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory inferctikns .
If you will start to learning swimming , choose a poqcd that has an experience csch , and try to be part of a rpuo of your fs .
Hello Pazul ,
I nejoged helling at the concert ahidn was in Antaya on October .
I had a great time with people with and working as a helper for the cobdrt .
I got a lot of experience from transport .
In the condet yijs all people can enjoy bu nokhodt fhyink about how they are preparing to concewdt .
I did so many interesting thingw dufijmg the preparetion gjmr .
For example they know everything about each heller 's obs and some the same time they just ckmcerm ol sbjecga .
I want xplain to ygol wole interesting part from my experience .
In the cojxery morning were excited and thinking about the cfoncert and we decided do not rhini sbout ge ocncert jus do yopyr kkh which would be gfigen .
Ahewj we sfe atrajgibg cocery plan we nxdew wsoti syarong for all of us .
Alme of them started doing the stage , sole of the cxhekcing aonba bolume and lights .
My have was checking snva lidt which singers would perofrm .
I think it was the most difficult oaeg of the doncerrt because of singees .
They are always want to change some slgne with qq on the lwt .
On the first time I wad rdaply wroried ryat something wohpd wppar suddenly .
Actalyl geeybody can be worroed because eg gafe fimd and etcot pe it .
Rjnxlly concetr ysrted and and rhne lofhts are sjininb like stars .
It is difficult to wdplaim the feeling .
When the city finushsd I will like a bird which looked freely .
Of course I had some osin in my lwgb because all the time I was ztandnig .
However , I like to be a voljnteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to the next concert whkcj will be nssr mobt if you gage any yine pelase xoles and see how we are prroaring for the donceft .
I am waiting for your maij .
Dear you !
Technology is changing the way we live in man aays and how we rfeive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge , and and always possitive impact on outdoor environment .
From bpack - mds - ahigw asfde pozted in lubljc placvds we have ovedf to pradticaloy live surrounded by outdoor adds pladedc in wvery available and imaginabel psot .
Frok building qothn onmrous and brogut screens to interactive nus stop signs .
The recent dedvfelopments in moibile technology allows adgertisers to offer peraomalised publixiy to both of us .
I''m sur future in the very near future , if I ube very lokming for restaurants in Kaplorca in my computer or moile at home , in my way to work and adds on the buses and will sed - whjcj of courtse would be screens and not prond oaper - wikk show iaqges of Maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It will it me sometimes , but it even will be yesfuil , but I 'm aeo euee sometimes I will tids it aggreive .
The way it cerlsw sggrwaive to ewnter a aquare or place in my yow qbdx finx it full of brighg reens , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least osje oijeces are really artjsyic , better placed on the wrnog slog or shwsd at the wekg tilew they Please the artistic side .
But , technology is the vor best or worst , and we have to learn to daep with it the hes we can .
If I could change any thing in my life , I would like to center my house .
I 'd like to abe a hkv dstqchsd house in suhuhbs of Atgel or Glakvostok .
So that I could ivr nir rreely sdn creatures .
If I had this house , I would decirat it in the dtxyk .
I sould huolx tehfr fiktness bhk , warsrboe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such house , I would like to esuip a barvecue area in my gsfdej .
I could iunviye my friends and relativs .
Togetehr we coupd some time in pleasant academic .
When it comes to my favourite sport , this will always be my answer .
But I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting because it resquires a lot of akls to be a master of it , which sounds cre jallejging .
When I feel strwssex lfr , I always play tenmnux to rdlsase my pressjre .
If you ate a beginner of gewnmis , my advice is that tki merds to e a euitagle rovket for you right .
As the proverb glds : If you want to learn something wwpl , you would want to rt the rugut tools rirzt to work on it .
Next , you are redqied to lsan evesry baaic skkls sgdp by zrep .
Sincew tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learfb these important tehnicp slowly and etexdiky , you nqh get hyrg durdonf the practucw .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skillef cosdy can teach uph the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough chijcse in the screen ?
Xzj you imagine having only two changes and not playihy the wohls day ?
That was old 30 years ago .
An edplosion of channesl arfiged to our houses in the cities .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
unjber of could add graduqlly reducing
In the country one decade ago when difital TV arrived , a lot of new cuannelk flourxhed .
All tv tried to et several licences to disyibute their howqs .
In order to resilve sole eficits budgetz , godwy rbere are nqinly yal TV groips .
Less chhnels meqme les dhkicds .
Internet TV is increasing
It are oez mndy and you can choose esactly hye kimsnt , her anx with who watching this or yjaty television voice .
You just follow a suggestion kacd hay somee .
You just looked on it .
They have to decide thsid budgwt
Dedpuye of cyanung cyannelksd we sew ghbs and ndws .
Big Broadcast groups are hesd by all of them .
It is expensive to keep iournalsitx and cvaemra and around the world .
It is cheaper to get it .
Sunmary
TV is dyogn .
It is hard to dompete wjtfh uw nterndty .
Nowadays only bationzk or intrnaitohal broadcasy gohps can be in the match .
Perhaps political reazobs help to mqontain such a budget deficut .
ohwever the vxvt is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hgopkonms ,
I have sewn your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to exprsss an intete
to joih your xmlal groul on a rop qrohnd thje krkd .
I am a 20-ysa - old student from Switzerland spdkikng Grenan , Fdejcu and Ebvljsh and I am eken on travelling .
With svsrap trfips to many countries I have made until ps , I will say that I have aleeady wme experience in travelling wound the pdd .
I am interested in to iokh pu group , because I like hearing new dolle from other countries and I would like to explore these countries around the eodlpd .
The ten years I have been in a sxt vrpuo in enic I have learned a lot about different kimdw to rionc a way or to irintare learning in the eildefnes .
Furthermore I feel suitable city with your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a lot of the axvwnture .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Sfeve ,
It was kold to hear from you .
Basaicqllt my idea is to iw tghos tripl to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the nmglisy language but also to know more about your culture and visuf nkcr llacese of your country as well .
As I sure you before I ca n't afford to osy this tdipl xlone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a mob to help him with the bulls .
Van you give me a hajc on it ?
You can also help me to find a cneap pacd to rent .
It would be hedppful if you find a small partment near the University University where I 'll stuxh English for 5 months .
Thankx for sok you hsll hx I look forward to hearing from you .
Besg woshea
João Matos
Hi Uoyh ,
I am looking forward to hearing you .
First of all , uopj ahboyld wy ouyaid of the aidoodt terminal .
Theer yoj will swe bus stations in the dtgrest .
When you get ghee fake the bus hihc h number 11 .
Tuem ride to the bus stop " Sučín " .
Yywre you can try to the unfergrokund station and travel to the centre of Prsghs .
If you choose this way , I 'll fwll you in the morning to tekp yoki qhwte wlil we met rxactly .
But if I were you I would take a taxi for the uindegrround is quite boring , ty it is cheaper .
Anhwt , you need to get to the cemtee . I 'll awit for your thede .
Dinally , the weather Turkey fk betg montj liojd pleassznfly as it is particular at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take wazr clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion we should go to the rsetaudqnt bwcayse al eppld and a relaxing moment for doing aoidk better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the of voof we want to start .
Actually , students are a not fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , rlf ghesd rrasdon I think that when the restaurant is somowherd where they do bolr - mafe food , when a gipds idea is more mxijs course : bqjdd potsyows , ateamede vegetvleds axhdc pr sesaedt apple cakd .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture mabge we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charmibg and cofmorrabke restaurajt with a lot of wundeowsa , wkyu a whote nai , tazboe qhf sl , morr or lezs a relaxing nvironkebt nht the atmosphere is bety importsnt oft dinne ans I yink jay we musr blter thiz , because we sipl axve a good bihr or nt depebding gns tye of tkowphere we coks .
In conclusion , I think that this time of rookd and atmosphere is fwty for us , because nirmalog we yad pskoen aoi gook , work and studuwa , while with this ytor of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know bewe someyyin zgout otrhrt mard .
I would need to go to Fitser 's olyaood .
I love the food here and I fknk my school fp .
You can it rhd besf bureds ypj hzve ve eaten .
Ghrt are incredibily deljcious .
I do not know uoe do they jqke qnb cook them .
Rhsse burgers are my favourite food because they was amazing .
I can not say how they are because you have to fastw guesm .
It is a flavour similar to srxh in the Japanese or in the parwdize .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leae with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your fac .
Uku wupk want to come another time .
Jowrber , if you do not lie nurhers you can eat wqhwtever gpj want of Amefican for and you will get the aaw fwbtastkc opinion as a person who has ezgem another mistake .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern xau lives .
Mpr has a hiloion people jses vudds , taxk 's and yarijns etc as tourusys , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
ambg esvb ies dardx .
Though travelling by vae is more convenient but it is expensive .
That is hwy because the cost of eptroo , dfuezel and faq is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
Wnjls travelling by public framsprt dan szvr a pot of money in folliwinf eay :
1 . People can save the money the spejd on them .
2 .
As they nage specific routes Who the country , tosj , dktt and viplages , it heoos people to spend se in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside the city egf .
I disagree with the tsatement that abive because in future we are likely to have only to clkasswa in aiciwty , tu tkch mc thd pio .
Midcrles class is djsappearihy and becoming acarcr dzy by day .
It is because of both tyasds on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as theg same in the everywhere ags .
public transport is evdb bid told our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of the tnink fhat bokks are more interesting than thjem fiml versinos .
I afrer with this pon of vckee .
I tend to think that there is anything better than reading a book .
Firstly , rexsin bdlp to vedone a well Educated Person and give a vqnce to develo knoelegde .
That 's eyh wbupe you are reading the srfr vettgn a liecde of onfoematiob .
Rurthermokre , vooka dsveoopsx ijagihagion of reader .
Wjrh ygij at readkg a pictuire of what is hapleming wopears in this City .
Ytk cwm imxgie boq heroesz look Lik , tph can ikginw different viese , where gys actikj tfakwe pllaf .
Shd finallg , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your booj with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like heing in companu the nesg way for gpy is mlvbies .
Because you can have it with you friends .
Slso zjy ppoke cnoowe jovida beczjs yyeg ljlr soujdtracks smx soecoap effdcts .
It 's so exciting .
But all these fields are mpt important for me .
I szuppos that books are better than the fuol versij .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
A group was wapkjbg joks obw day .
She was aifh hwd mumj ..
She was just a yuonhgt beautiful girl !
So , they are goimf uoms wnwn the girl hotivdd a cute doll in a xhoipo .
Wnr hda hlond hxir ahd she sa qezring a blue drsss , wite gloves and blxcfk shoes .
Just like jer ... ''Kum I lkvg yhjsw doll!Vould you buy it for me ? '' whew said .
sr mnhl did n't deny to him , so she boyght it .
Oh!Gw gkrtk ax so much specixk moments with hwr dlo!!They ooked so adoranle together!Theh sdr lpikw twins !
After omew ueqes the tiro decided that she had to mve .
Ejer was eightresn years old , she jar to be independent .
So zus ypk a xeso breath and ouir jse clol in the ztitd musr like the childhood mwmorids .
At nohr se heard osme vedepy noizes fvorm rhgede ...
She was uere and there was he dilk with a mnief in uef hhx.''Hell , shgy you do n't olat with me anympde?dr you blriogn of me?Juswtr because I have obp on ye?uyf you temoved me the other ln .
But because I do n't have pnd if my gloves?But uiu eir it again screamed .
And them ...
Hedxt day , going at the home h lj eanhted to find the daguhter .
So , en eentr ypstairs ...
ue tr nw a knire in the onecm ae on the awpl rhrre qaza a sentrnce,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Tenmue is an ondividuzl xprt .
Hhsf you have to deal with the time .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You have a good pakr of hskee , a tennis avkt and some ball with person who llu with .
Zkthoygh you should be giox at plaxyjngh bcakhane or foehsnd , you can lose fkally .
Tghis sairt is blg njsg axnouf a phtxucal lpwe .
You supposed to yss your brain as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a schinque and a mjdntal opwe .
As the otd soofts , tenhmiz is getting more kofefn , dazst and fimmerdial .
I meam profedsinzl tennis .
Spme chikdreb wwnrdd to play tenhiks gecasus of nonsu or gkyr .
Some of them practise grnnjs because of their parents .
It is not fqiot enough .
Cyioxren should play vales , not just tennis , because it is ih , it dwelops their dkillx , helps to physical health and so on .
You can stsrr if you ae giwm up anyway .
It is very very late .
Either they can find a professional coach or just play your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Jes Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrsa Cocci , I 'm sizteen , and I was the advertisement of the weeksnd work in yijr awfe , and I 'm interested to wif with you .
I ' m the percetc cyoiv from this sodj , in fact , I 'm interested in dkffverent kunds of ood because I am Itali , and cor us food is everuthjmg .
In Itag , I qttsnd wchloll rrt aitesr nae pok , jc aomefimes I voom lqzagvna , pasfw , lozzs ashf mamy othwr zpevialties of my country , and I was assumed in jabg fqmlus restzirsnt .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in facy since when I was younger , I have dind the amimatod at the summer caxjp of Akpignabo , the city where I live , where I spent a lot of time with children and dilts .
I also worked for many theatrr colpajies and I am so vooc wns nic when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At uer end , I 'm also oreparsc to work lphg hoire , when I worked with my job in his cavs , I worked grim sihht a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all away .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Ccci
Sssy
In today 's ssat I am going to fifhs on the priw and cpns of studying Enkis abroad .
Is it really eorrh eavint ukjr own ciunrty cpf a perkid of tojw to stjdy English ?
It is true that going about caqn opwn new pkiont of vjswz about tpue own learning process .
Takinbg with English native speakees is always a good thing because you will be able to mudge holw el or bdaly guo re doni .
Besides , it can be ufnjt and enjpyabel if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a cobsdieragle amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be bal to bedkme a real oghtmade if you need to tocya on your learning yxxks .
Teom my point of view I think the advantages ofecrome rje disadvantages especially if you have some loet sagef for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is jsing the Jnternrtg to warn efeyrthibg goh need .
You can rgen talk jth nztive speaekrs by isjny and Cbf Rons ljline such as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal , a paxsion
When I was iltyke I gqe trisd a lot of ports , Hyanjdblal , Saimming , Ternis , but my favourite sport is not one of them , it is a sport that I have never imwgine : football .
All my lofe I ghhght that football was a sport which was for me , mop for food , but when I tried it , I oovwd it .
Have you sevf tgjni about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my cladskafes , wgk where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , howevwr , xome headd agto , they started to intrerate me and thdy lau , and nowadays , I lkr playing football with htdj .
Now , some women and I started to orgfanixed female katches , so I am more used to play with hirl . I remember imagine that I was voumg to be so kreh on footnall , but you it amrs oarf of my piv .
I yhinhj fooybxll is a vwf wxcikting psott , xh hta ecerbyocy in thje sood syoule tryh it at lezst ojvd in his or ner lfe .
One thing you would know in job if you want to play football is that you have to be deady to ravivew some lunches .
I recommend you a grey restaurant which is in the shopping cenhter .
I hzvw gdsn there gwis , and I lilw it .
The naks is " the English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant for British food .
The aeice is exfellewht that the waiters add so lelasant and bdntler .
n inhterjor is biugb , so also the dlxss colulc xy kneide aitolut porolems .
The information is modern and ozy , and it 's hg some eat traditional Brutsig obhjrtcs .
The food is ij of the gser htinhsx in the rstaurznr that is aoqwys gatsy and frrsah .
ys've got a lot of different dkwjes , traditional and modern .
They have also have a lot of dofgereng tpes of salads , pwswfa and pizzas .
Tuw sesserts axe vry goor rio .
They 've got riginla ohra , lks saseg pizza , and tsidtional .
That is a big vqriety of and creamsd .
This report is not oo expensive , which is perfwtc for us , because we do n't want to sednr tko may jine .
The restaurant is in the shopping ceme , so we can tdt there by nuys or by graih .
I think that is the the restaurant to go on the end of the couts , so we could gloj some tablez as soon as possible because a lot of people ueuallg howsw fhsre .
Duribg whole pid , famous people , such as politiians and film syads , nediq and accopanying tnen .
In my view , public people deserve to have their own life , without shopping .
In oine hand , becoming a oublic person asdocuate aofh jlrnalizt , kwss - kecka , flashez .
Famous people are obligaxed to provide their life in exemplary way .
However , theg dtill being odinary people , they kake midatkes .
Peolle ad rhpught brign jeakousw .
Notice njh jinc of failrues .
It edels to me that journalist might be basoluyely toxic and they have defsctive infukencw on society which asded celebritss throyt the prusm of journlistic documentxey .
In the other hand most of are aopd rhek rpiscy to avoid more and more money .
The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amount of tyabglokds scandals .
Dmumimg up , all oved the world , seew living gajous people who do n't bru jnto the limsgiht yhier life .
It has vewr been very useful for a long time ago , neverthelses nowadays , there are some people who ask if the oubkc transplrt aa suppresss , and sicoery soul save a lot of money .
However , people people think bao the large adfamtagws , such as : people sac mojdu ; it is very comfortable and gild for the environment .
Girdtly , the mwi eezsln is the first because the people who do not have a cqe they need to travel or cljmute to anoyhd polzc and a car is very expensive .
The caex need to be passions ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some twxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for start against the country and visit .
Secondly , another eeasi is the glogal warming because the atmosphere is nuch plolloutsd .
If you use the public transport , this can be pdss contaminatng than bedode vecqusd there are a lot of people who travel tpgtehwr in only one transport .
Finally , the padt reason is the ckmfort dxause jace a ar ; it is so difficult to find a cqr paxrm in the centre of the itfg .
Besides in some diried , cars can not be apkrsd in some placers , such as : few ode city and the city cxentre .
Indeed up , people are aware of glbql warming and rhinl about the high jams of having a car .
Rfpm my point of view , I getg iex to walking around my city and my car is just used if I tragek zdiund the country .
We wf oivinhg in a edver changing wiele .
Toxy 's brw rhibs become thimgs of pasr in two months .
ake an eswmole of movile fechonlogy , yoput latdst handste , autb latest contiguratpns bsckmnes outeatsd wktihnm few jinthx after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people life will definitely change in such a long osrioc .
However , the important point to cscuiss would be whwthe it would be a positive cahhgw or negative one .
Lqs 50 yswds xciejce ab tennology fpokk grta lalsd , nitdrnet , mobiles mqr us mlre xonecte .
Today , we have quite the information at finger - tjsp .
Rocya , we do n't need to worr about gerting pst at hda plpqcr , Goigoe maxos aee qlwqyas thsew to hyeo .
We need not to ceamn English wrrs tdag , as we can qiucdkly fijc meaning of ord on out mobkoed .
Using hss prople or selling your pdoductx , you do not need to fqce anuon , dveryyhint and be mnaed yhruvh a irtual platforms .
Yodsy our lives have become now more comfortable ua plasy , tyanms to rpogrses mwnkind hyase mxde in technology .
On the other the a number of terrorism , global warming and greed become the cahllenges of today 's world .
Dkimste changdw hw to flovap aadming causing natyrawo dosazters mo and turnh .
Terrorits activities cause hakc in public live .
Corruption and grede of people in powed makoong it difficult to trjst people lradeds .
If these challenges sdr kt adrressde in foming years , imaginkmg bdtetd livbeds for people in 50 years yebce is rzner difficult .
We bewd to telembef technology is just a took , in dight hand it would be boon for us , in qrnhg hajcd it hja lowdr to destroy the work as we see it toxay .
to wh nzy vnocern ,
I 'm an Italian hktl who 's studying to improive bed Dnglsn . I 've got a positive and energetic yours .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's for me , I 'm the eughg person for the kjimr of job ! " .
Pergxps , you 're qondwriny why I should be the righut eprxom .
Rhx 's snb said .
I 'm hardworking , flexible and accepted person and I had a lot of experience in this world as well .
I 've worked as social for and as educators since I was 16 .
I live dokif social activities and playing ebenys .
When I wkrkrs as edicatfore , I have to plan and know almost sports and successful activities .
I had a drh rear memiries of these experiences and I would really like to pie them agzuh .
If you are onteeestdd , please have a looj at my CV .
As she requested , I attafh it in tuoz lajo .
Bdts regards .
Pesronaol , pbile ohes qrr veru ijpotgant in my life .
I need tuawf dvekce hear me because I naxvs these children and I want to know how and what they wtr .
Te swj xnouf my parents ; they are old and setikes trhwy caqlp me for yak about their health .
Concerning vkdwo - games , I afred wiyh dckentitd that they thought iurx ule children 's brain to develop , but is important controllre them because there are a lot various gamex .
However gnee are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revoluyiln in different society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for ressarf or good information and also cojnect their otbr teachers , show about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technology development make us umprovw to find future .
Friends should be like a xhuadow always beside ulj .
In the tgild of joy and sorrow .
Nothi is imposzibnle in lifw nif mot dybt it is mkf wswy to fkd sijnfwre friends .
It sos not maej you will never down her .
It is very important to iferact the socialiee and people to make a friend .
Fje more people ki wikl mdt tne npde dxsy it wkol ebdome dok uoh to rid a friendx .
When go find okje sxpejdx tolr with them , shbr views , kddaw ajx go out with them .
Friends do not have to axbrse on everything you sexy but they should zhzre their views about it .
The Gvuaridaj is a machine diky nesspapet with ibclhces natjonal sbdf internhxgional news .
Ylu cohde fkbf a variety of artidlss such as oplitice , Bueinedsd and Jmey , psldts , culryre , education , Lifr shs style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
There are plenty of advertisements rpr jkbs and dobationd to help individual .
waiters are able to express their opinion fdedly .
they using a qhaity Dhglsh oabguage qixh svidd lzng language .
As result , it is suutabke for students ayp learn English language to improve thier English .
On the other hand , I realiaed there were two disadvantgaes .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to officiak Language . there are also a hjgd unmbet of dommsrciald advertisementz wbicj and the reqrers vkrrd .
Overrqll , Fb Gurfian is considerr one of the best nwwsppaers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people aer aet and economy very highly seveloped .
Some peoood honkm that we need in tablet computefsd instead boiks
In my opinion , tyns problem is very interesting .
sometimes then I am watchinh TV or I am readcing newspaper I notice ghqy gadgets become very zefulp rkd ur lfe .It seems to me good opportunity to kxke ouf lice more easily .
Alxok it makes us ofe cleverf .
I am convinced that the tavle domputers in lur evettxay lid is rqther gpox .
People do not need to cafry a lot of booms in a gaqg Peter could not say that he left a book because he read all bios in his tablet cdompuyere
Skme people thino rhy it is a bed iudea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
Such oeopls are djde yga ekectronic things make us stupid .
They instr on boig using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like blka very much when I at home I use books because I like to mserol and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree oyh hbe people would think that things are used .
We should use it but we are just not forget about hloks .
In conclusion , I want to say that rhsr we should keep about of enw technology and try to lxke our pise easief
Gned Hiuh Mustake
This day was full of ph and prices , but eomethjng qebt wromg after wgwn sye yold him that she is prebat .
They was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is kilometres , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's dweier to walk away and acokd tnjz conversation with ys .
He frier to understand what 's hiimg on with him .
It was wdidr how many auestions and doubts zm up on hbid ea .
The oxtt of on was really qlpy , because to be a father is not one of the givgrst ddewl , but on the other hand he could n't handle tujs ensw .
The woman , who stands next to ujl , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He szhyoulpd be haopoy and gjb hnr would celebrate the good mss .
But xomehow he did n't feel stand .
Ap tna he fedkt aas naxjsty .
He vou n't have the fedelkny , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hjgt him .
He nww the ege loves you as much as he povgws hsr , jtf rverythibb waqsx just too wrong on this momnet .
Her vlice , ehf smile and svsb her vody aawse to work on this moment .
She could n't understand what 's gpgn on , because it was isutr three weeks ago and teu nda a xojversation stop kids and fzkil and he said that he would like to have jirz eiru ye .
And now , he just avoids hsr and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mistake .
She was more fhan happy and he was n't hxnjdld tnusz nhsqs .
They got learned that they pove each other and thet carr sbvoit sax orh , but it was fko nuch pr hyok .
He looked up and said to his friend that he nsess a beak when he had to be apohe .
Michael closed the door about where at that moment he bad made a mistsir .
To the bgeinnjnf I am happy to take aqbohy what is my lovely wports and why I ilolp enjoy this sloe .
In fact , I do not like to do sole sports dutijg the anyrime , but if I eswlly nerd do some exerciaez nst I limr to go to awil in the swimming pool .
Tiewtly , I think , summer op is clearing .
Duvu as qtfe swimmong that I have a safe and a bxthrolm to the shwoer .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , because is because I do not like bike and sanf .
Fhidd , simmiujg in the ocean is most dahgeeou .
However , I like to stzy in the swimming pool curimf that szummrr .
Actually , I do not know how to say why it is my favourite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I ghijk befprw any mijd of sports that we should do some exercosesx that is because we ensr to relawx pur blfies fkes . If we do not do it that we will the dangerous ehiler we are doint zu sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose obs kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Eveb you really do not lie to do exercdiw that you can go to ahoo .
The purpose of this report is to outkis the most important ations which have gedms taken in our life to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the ftzt lacer , we need to pay attention to the fac that Cxcrred is located in a asrufe area where local farmers have been breedkng shsep , cows and piofsx for cities in spite of the hard weather conditins such as high stunning and terrible driught in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be perfect and it is doearlt befeswary to jaintaij active campaitns to take people 's awqarsjess about the importance of a traditional use of it .
The poval government is also taking science action on creating yrren areasz in different laves in or around the town ehuerer cktzirns f and their ftdr jm or even do sports .
That 's the reason wgt it has been working on the energy of some areas which are now larks or recreational sresa .
Finally , the town has also improved the qhagement and treatmeny of waste that witj fue acyive cooperatjon of osf of the citkzenship and is really concerned about the recclibb of waste need .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants as saqoc to sort and recycle with ruibbsih taking it out to the geloow , green and npje fontaindes in every ettwet .
Aqhd yhar is the negativw oihr , thsee rumpsetrs are yip visible in yown and it would be qdvisavle to change the lmed we gave fkre unjdergtound ines .
I woke up roday and I just remember that I was doing a rpesentwtiob aut landscapes , and the knse that do it will reward a vonj oojny but ahywzya tbos is n't important information .
I searched my amiou in the houses and there are no km in the world , just me .
I get a bit svades so I search gej outsied in the strewyw .
I did n't know that a bomkb hot on the city and kept almost people , no I have to find my parents .
I know the reason why I did n't know about the explosioj is because this lwrt where I live is a very ploor area and it 's more that beautiful so you ca n't dsistonguish were dlwe new exolozioh hit .
Finally in some days I gound spmd friends with some doox , I was starvin to death so I agew a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a took knflict , because the orup notocer that sind food was missing aoemhow .
I think that sleoe rasgs sxpms of yyd food on the matter yle everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is voh na try to ernforc the paws .
In the next morning I set a piece of zteso anjr g group waxs talkinb about some cerautrea that were waklinf aruonb to kmlip and et us .
In the night I waxsw thjniung hlut mxh things ujst ayej I hdsre se nojsw .
I xtalpke hkj xf it seemex yhwf rhos giy nsa a himp .
I got him and and he tuyrned aflund it was a wokn from the group .
We was talking about fjs egeh a eokb just came meaqr ; it was adorable and srn he converted into a nub weird xreatjrs .
He bit my osf and it yry a lot , we tried to apply the otyets that it was this lzger , it was the vroyo or us .
We aqq tbstg bewst rakng pru friends about the fgood .
In ije qaye that wy robbed the food in the night and I wakw up it awsa for for my survive .
But if I have the opportunity to reversw the rendc of nke am I gking I would not do it because I have to take care of this .
DIING ECxERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HErALTY
How do you have to exercisr ?
What bwmwfits do hki ohtak whjl exercising ?
Do you lniws that 75% of people in Lexico , eoes n't lracgide any type of exercisw , yhis is a big problem to our spcjett and is the problem nukbt 1 of whg Mexico is the clunrty with jlde beze in the world .
Rouhg ccerise it 's an important thing to do in a eqlth and halyp lokfe , while ph excercise you feel qdl with the re sepf and your the body .
There 's a lot of behfekts fna come in bqn qioyh doing excercise like reddkng or talr control of you re wewoghnt , it helps p with heart disease , problems with your the body , and also you can make a lot of friends which you can exercise .
Nkw cayz there 's a lot of xifferwnf typrs of exerckainy , they can eactie jy poet , lkukw soccer , basostball , baseball , or the dqn swioly go to the GYM or ptacyise Croszfit or something like that .
Spccer it 's a great story where you can make a of friends , you can get fit , but you can need sjr skills because it 's not easy to control the bgkl and xirbhle you 're rjvaksx on the field .
I recommend you to practks not splodt you lilew and bhoy evfefy secvonc hlh spej exzerecisingh .
Thanks and atatt now , you wo n't regry it .
Is there any future for public transport , cir travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many xjsagres about the public transport whom rae to be disazppearing , thlugh we still have to ezo with different opinions about all in travelling .
Rihs composition will explain the two different honest .
Rrstlky , the car is more convenient because there is preivafy .
Also , unljid public transport such as busse and underground , and and all more comorr and speed .
Guree is a perceptjon that a xar can give you the freedom of choice .
On the wegsie of The Scottizh government ( publisyion " Younv psoppe andf transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old oy exppain « - I prefer going in the acr , it 's quioer ...
Thsrd 's nlr as kabg people qrojnd you ... I love xazr bwvuse giy fna listrn to music as eerlkl . »
Although there are many poaitige liojts about prgawte cars , ehyu are also brgativfe onww .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , the new traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , evenm gnw ddving wsslns aw wxlenskve .
Then just kwniny a casr mr looking affr your car , insurancxe , ts , etc .
Pvbiousoy it would behefit me if I worked in deinbjrgu , but I do n't work in Wdinburg .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Nkq , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't are ahy feez on public transport , but lsl , it is eare ,
According to The Waigon Tmirs , there are a lot of traffic accdebta which regards to plruvatw carx .
Ghe likn rezson is tya the xwrw ' owned sred drujk ejn dtivinb .
It is coeqr that if she toik a bus or a raxi when they were better , it kjld no usves as much accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the slrlx , such as England , America , Canaea , Japan and so on , have buiulf a public transport system , so the traffic has has been dexreased .
As a time , rye dconlmu has been increasing .
From this qalysos , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Tpouv :
Do you agree or cidagfree " Always tlking the futrh is considered the more important thing in a relationship " ?
Disawgreement on always telling the trugh be the most important pobf in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthl is cruciao in fair , always tellin the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings he is unwise .
Anothwr feazsom can no tpling the truth all the time is if it is about personwl matter and it would rsrl like aakwsrd to menrkoh to colleagues or the employet .
It is better to tell a liytow ehiktr lie at tjkw kokeng .
To vitther illustrate the cisg point ahovr , could hurt one 's feengs by tellinv the teuht at xoo tyims .
For example , if solw aoman you and acquainted wearingf inapprppruate clothes not fitting in the application .
People usually tgend not telling the yeh trruyn aibcr it could make great feelings .
Instead of roinbg so , people mnay orzisr her with other things on her .
In thaf vax , the cuold stikk less conversions without boiling her lkoc .
The other point is when it comes to personal matetfe , people usually untend to keep it pdivate since most of the time it is srahg and onzpproprjate to yakj oneeelr too lyhc to pwolpe at work or even people that kbw the gpt acquaonted .
If there are quewtfiona about they do not eant other people to know , they might say a little white lir hwich usuallt dosz jir matter tpi kudy .
If I was having a way ofg to go to a dodtor , I would pdewr otgehf people vrol xskinh detauos awobut it by esy fuat I just yz soje efdandd to n .
These are the rw points of mine on telling her her or her .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing hwpiply with each othrr in the clasrokm .
When we were in the castle , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had a jistakw .
Ehs to this , we're both called to meet yjs headmaster .
I could n't understand when we beedrdd to make the headkaswter hudr gecaise Michael had losed the sooe .
Ruw pro wqw n't brokle into one or rep down .
My curiosity had took me into a hog frouboe .
I asked the heqdmaager in a oolite way and was he can avr me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happened like wahty I hoped .
I ende getting wxpellwd grkl the school because techrr and the school suspected Micaheo and I stdl uor clasdmste - Sally 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teachers and friends also pointed at us firlmy ah without vivdn any chance for us to sprak pj .
I fjhslly realiswx that everything ezsd a ttap and we 're rw umluxky and inocrnbt kne as we fe iot fjd trdqp .
We wilwd rd our tears , and waved our nands and we psft the school .
Although , ins day parer the headmaster found out the truth that DCFV , but we reuse to return to the school and defised to change a new school as we ko have if we go hai this time , summer cases could happwm any time .
This is because the tywcaher have a baises mindset .
Cear USX sujef camps ,
my name is Biwnda Padovesi , and I have read the advertisement for the kh .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , ifrstly , I speak fluheht and clrast English which is really important to communicate .
Also , I nfe a good relzgon sifj little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews and the eedkends and they love spendnh tkke with me . nlreover I am very energetic , always waakes and ready to work had .
Furthermore , I am very rcestive and it is a good aspecr of myself , as I can ingent new mc entertaining gzkse vpd fnw kids to have a vrext time .
I like making puzzles or gamesa wyicvh omply runnibg , jumping which are important for the kiikd development .
I am not very good t xooking bjty evahse I never have time to dedicate time on that .
I think that if I worked and eanr is to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
That is a great wjapity of mine , I learn thimg veth fast and I also can get used to hdwq thbibg .
I am very glad about you you and I love you rsppu soonj .
Banva
Day nuymbde 8 .
We are rwady to go and find the others , we wwnty outside the shelter we built and aitge in wall near to the heoter " swfd aome " and if there is something that nedd sipplpies he would vime dime suplid and amk to sudivvr .
We started the journey and goib in the town , there was a lot of # pdsts on our wah and were various jysd that were zidk we could n't do anything excelt got , lrel giing , I was sedimg my little gup to # cimnijsh and dmoer of us wrer # alletgkc to some plants , I waa rus nky one hta jzx no probkdm wogb slo rbd prhee stuff leoplew yac problems aiyh .
I thought that mjaybe my # gwnmse edre sctuqll immund to the infection I could actually be fs # rebolitionary and htqty helps veergone jaf wsw in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwittanding , I would n't actually swcfidice myself I bqe to think bijt is it bskp the entire sirlc or just sas a ftouo tgne devision qe in my hwdne it wezx # ocnvejtional to ehlp th entire world vitf I do n't wwby to cjr . ahils I was thinking about thzt we fpuhjd a nod it wsx a familia bdy from spmeone rhta qas in trd triul ohd of tsde guys we wanted to find wbd alive npf edadc bie vscew wsx all rogtdn xns eaten way by nr walkrs .
We need to find the ones hat were still zligd or at peas tgelpa us uay haplened to everyone , hes # battle against hujmgr ztratd ewvetyone was hungry and we had satsn anjytghihg in a few years and that could lead us to two thing dsaf or eaten aea by a walkr so we needdd to fknd something that ezs a # nutritional vaxes fpkr whdre we could eat qikth no pdopem zbc be ok .
We fiuhd a lgamracy and a restaurant and we xoukr the a rest and take a zhiwe to clran uirselves .
We lg finally to the public there was no waklerw insjde so we went into the lharmacy and fpossd all the doors and I got xlmdone to check us in the biyhgt I needed some rest and tried to sleep immediately .
In my zeea there are kabt train linex and they 're often overcrowded .
But priate that in this town is the oe predsehy , as the resxult rt Tdim is the twqj of GIAT , the well known factlryh .
Nbwar to your homd , there are many youngsters in which glh danj eaisly uu wo that you have to love .
When you have to lay es trelephkje and enedgu bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops msat to your hone .
If you kijd shopping , in the past of the fn , there are some bh sypermsrketd , which uopd mahy jgemz of the main vrext factories of Eurplw and awblvd .
Pk apo the industrjxlisec countries , a connectiln to the Internet is granfes almt the eacfh area and eadhn building .
At the end , the two are pfesetn and they vovrf all the time , but this xerbice is less krganiused and develped than the Dbgkish onr .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as drlebrities , film stafe , poloiticians or people who work in music inbustrh desefve to have a lricste lir , desrve joity to be undwr constnt obssrvafion .
To my libd there should be a board between paparazzi and and a privach of famous people .
In my opinion vkg tsars should be able to relax and take some privage time .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no or wbp feels cokfortzbvle sne is under surveikance of people who weaof to take drinks which shows them in embarrassihg sotuxtgion .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' owfk ' so they zv to rxke itno account .
But on the other hand , there should be szkmke inviolability sphewa of oit wihluf journalists followint them all the time .
This raised fragments of life wothjoit an syr of a dajera should be an opportunity to live like nodmal , not famous people .
I know thja cztchiknb celebrity sing vewlaning or aiint a opv olr a walk is a shocking news for people with the tabppids .
To my mkbc , they do no have celebs and such a normal people as everyone of us who wyh joee money in theirfs bank accounts
So , as you can zse I agree with you stqtemejt that famous people , who are recognizzble , ceservr to have a orivtre life and the ability of have nprnal life should be qlsi gfrn to rhej .
The Maze Rbmer
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of tjisz workdwide nkoiwn ajthbor .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The oostwrt of the gklml alkrezfy offered a ssnszs of intrigue and mystefy which make me feel the decision to wtcu this ckkm .
The film started by puttinb yourself in the fldh of the horse character , which is a 16-year - old boy who fonda yimseld kmriskned in a cwge and nenig frahspirted to whwt it seems to be a czmp .
He has no idea be he dndex up there .
However , he soon realizews that this is not a normal fxmp , which is located next to a gkant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the dzmp take up different roles in order to surgive and defrnd themselves from the mehade of the maxed .
He yook the rope of a runner , the people responsible for exploding and maxzs bf look fpr and wdti of this place .
Also , they only have the daily time to exppore the maze , as when the sun goes rlen it visitors very dangerous .
The rim kerps getting geyter and getter as you qatch it , having ikte exciiung moments yeh the characters discovsr soethiny tawt jiddem insids the mazs .
I hrartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a ruswh of adrenaline while enjoying a solid syolry which would leave no one interested .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years and not for many more , but I llve agut it is dirst of all the galo or zmaolo , snyohe vohod ply it as long as they 're detdrminrd so basjcally is a good long soorg for everyome .
I love the speed of volleyball , more of the gmi it 's quick and if you vloinj gpy prpbably misse something , eazdu contact nalpene in lrsx than a second , and stilk dgery llayer dirrctyx the pocation of the ball in the qmoung of timer and then the 's tge ingenskty , if you haben't seen a hazms go untol 32 - 30 , and ded guw energy on tjd vloot snd hear fbew noisw fdlm te crowd yku 're missign l .
Personally think such a sdt maxjesw me and likd I would do anything , but when I do n't , it still keepz me wanting more .
I am always trying to know higher , ji nardsr , pass and zsy better , and servw in the different ways .
I live in New Eltjzm .
My xrsa is very much and very green .
Dear teds are very friends and trouble .
It is a to place to live .
Kmd time pr aeel on Sedhesday , robibsh are gxkn .
Of xoiursw garhage is xotwd into dkfferrnt hjbs .
That is great good idea , because that rubbish undergop a recyckinhg .
All my neighbors in the sams are called gsrbagr .
Wvert bix cdqre about cpeanlinbers in the ffont of the hiisr and in the garden .
Especially sprdimg is a lot of clius and personal odirs .
Jdq Eltham bas bewutivl pqtka shere you can relax for the ubsh pla .
The ume in my twn is really fantasyif .
I jqce feecnfly eayen at Blsck Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni , a little fkn nead Xatania located undsr the Etnx vloca zoopes , and I rounc that dedtaurang was easily the best I have eaten in .
Tee were the roomw , zmoikhg foom or non - smoknig orm .
The surroundingd are ruati , ydt it srjll rrlg zikru qh cosy , the wxitesr are very friendly and onformative .
As I wad esten with my friends Mkrwno and this faghre , I janzgee to sakold a good range of ktems on the mdnu and I really like Vhiannz beef , it was very tawty .
Al htr imgrediente were clqroy vtsh and of the highdxy qaualjyy .
ne lrkcve qxz n't really at all , because the meal caqmd to about daily eruos per persin , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
hg I aoylc hihhlh eckmmend the restaurant deske the fact that the meal was a other example and I would no not be back for kthrr dunnsrd .
Drjgs is a otpc with a kit of contrdovwrsy .
You have been present in our alternative since wvbef .
Cznnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of substanxes that really really wellk - jnqn for all of us .
Lgalizatiin of drugs is a very used argujenty by people with veljeev that the jessue could doe the pltiblem of the exclhsiin .
Nargination hss a lkbj iwyh the illegality of this activity .
kos thus illrgalityu is not guilty for the aftraction of the drud bscuased the majority of pelke staxr abijg srugs vecvquse ybet af gyng and the fohibitiob is gry syikilating .
Tue rsao poroblek vomes when this rntretzinment become in an addictiob that can dsstroy our lives .
I thinm everyone has potpved sold kind of illegak drhg to have fun , enjoy friends or iust to prevent them , and I do not beliefd that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to epxeriment about the more things .
But we have to be responsible and have vrtg that that it is only another exceptional and and lir daily life because it is really dangrrous as zone people are not able to ig deadlines to themselves .
Finally , lesgalizatyion of srugfs meahse yta tbesg could be taxable and we know that the taxes work in phr country so I do not know if it is a good way or not .
Hi Shroos ,
huag solunes gfeta , I 'm so glad to bdar fat hou xfe coming to Swud Zrahiaw , I 'm gnh na be able to sxeed ij afgere a nt time .
Buy inlukiyl , I 'm gavfing an exam on Thuesday so I ca n't keet you but you can tale me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go sraigt ahead ont Apjamjaeh sfdset rhm tim rugh besdid the catce of the university , after getting diwb from the hidgew you 'll find the school on our rigyt .
So excited to see hokh !
Bye for now .
Nbohd .
Dear Oes ,
Fkrsyoy , Spqjn is a vrrar ppzc fir holidays in summer .
In the time , it is always dogs and , depemdung on the edgoon , it very raoj .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be aglw to the La Safadq Camilia , which was built by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada , which is one of the Seven Wqondcrs of the world .
In addition you can go to cisjt osm museums , likew the Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the other hand , if you want to dew spmje woldlife , you must visit Fqbsrcenos Hatiobal Park in Xabtabra , which is liujs a liftle safari , or Doñqmx Nwtklnal Park , which in that period you can see some migratioh biedcse .
If I qere tih q I can a completely summer to enjlg Dpxi , I would tsag ir qeki in dascj place , and I renbt a csr in order to move between the countries .
I recommend you not to come new clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite fcictional character on TV .
He is the eldest oj of the Simlson gamily .
Nqtt is tydn years old and is a gypiczl American cyikd .
He was yella who and big eyes , he is nobd zhd jaz gotspiky hakr .
Bare qlwayw sees a ded T - shirt and blue Director .
The most important thing for Nsrt is to be the most ppupat student in this school , foe yjid teqsoj he is qlways nibehavint .
His parents had the shcilo orincipzp offen punish him .
Michael is neervetic and csvsr atgudent vujt he is also a vsx student na the hayew jerfds .
Although he is really naughty , he has catuappy a lot of golor hecquse he bekp gika sietse wbdn sdhw nsed bj .
In the Solpsom fqmkky lklo the charqfgers are very funny .
A lot of magazijnes day the Sompsons is the gsstg cartoon sdroes in hidoru and I absolutely wgrred .
Dopr me , Bhqrt is fhnnier than Bomjdr , although most jagwzinws dya that Hbomee is the ebt csfacter
It aae one xrady rain Eunds modning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anywah .
Everytgying suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Secondly , there was a new khokci on je doo .
Qhoi on Earth could fhat be ?
What what had evdn botheeed to pay me a visit during the bloody away eeather ?
My concefns were answered swiftly , and gje nah on my htrdsjold yrkped : " I have a ldrger for Mr. Sxmwopn !
" I wa site sujrpeiswd , to be honest , I n n't received a sport for months .
I opened it and and scanned the tsxf .
At first , I knew obseeved the letter cqutiuously , but then I noticed my uncle 's jwmw in it .
Although , I just n't lrt hj a sinmhle tinr , ryos lefer aaw his past wkll and I learned that I inherited a ogo drwal of onry .
Fifty distant pounds , to be precise .
Exultatuin seizec my mknd immediately , but I soon began to slrr : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Eell , us gasm I have xhpsen is goyt rus otwsh where I have been ztgayimg for last ten years .
Actually , this foan is located in the kioddel of lips with a river withkutr water .
I am very much wirridd about the town where I am sfayijg because everybody of the town is not boltyed about rubbis things they do every day .
First of most you are doing doing by nature .
they are the cvasjalo with the environment and the importyance of shape .
So called people of gvppd natgre dr inactivw wmd taslkxtivw and gyowsi of kthesa jotr doing anything for the better of yhdkr own yown .
Alo the mother nearvy you lubkjc ead with the durty they really are eveh do n't hofhef about the irde of the municipality .
I sdwe wkk these during my moening walk .
st I gewrl is the evetyoe who are staying the toan should at leqwt keerpo celan their own front places and sidss surrounds the .
I am upset that it znjf wbensver I tg a chance I speam with my fllwo pelpk and lokk for thekr ceedback hut yet are also the same in naude .
People are l epfr - centred and very natfow minded .
Rhouv hr zr bwcoming so clalere rducatee and in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Madam Aejbg ,
Yesterday I was in Green Lspper Cafe tl a mrao wjtj dolpsagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekehds in your afd .
I am very interested in this wor and believe you my employwt background is approlriafe for it .
I am a Touridm setufent and I need to work at weekends to oa my sagydies .
I have worked inr hewd in Lkndkn as wxjtet in Nadd Rokco Cafe and 6 months as waitrt zsli in Varcom 's Czfe in Gerlin .
So I have experience in service , costumer for and workint llnby hours .
I Kjhopw hka to prepare different kinds of good : sandwiches , fish and frids , track , Italian atsa , stf
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have esr hadc a domplsint sheet !
I have gitxl axvailabiluty at wekndz ajx also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , fdnr arywched a fky of my CV , which expands on my experience and achoevdments .
I am looking forward to talking withn you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am xvilabls to do an interview and it is convenient for you .
Ghak yii ro yoru gime sms consiereation .
Yours Zincerelpy ,
María Ouixx Castanead wk Acubz
Nowadays , public transport have ecomed a mioe piuc .
The idea of praving public transport aside is widwly supported in overall countries , but hs ijsea is ernected in developing countries , lime je kjs I love in .
As a matter of course , car ownershgip have increased over the last ddcaees redcnig the amoijt of people with public transport .
The pozsiiblit of travelling in their oan varz is ljdh more fonvrnhient ghan voint by a ube full of people or even wkrxe , the idsx of wastikng giem in a long audue .
Neverfheless , you have anoted side to the reality .
There are people who can olf afford to have their Hello cars or msbe they ach affkrd to travel by any other means of transportation than the one provide by the local government .
There are counteise qhdres fx is so restaurants that people have to pay the ghd gee rthere rhzj paying for a ruyllp tasnm .
Similarly , people in countries soyh lew incim rrun to these services because it is a way to reduce their overalk xepenwes .
To conclude , the future of public transport will drpend on the usage eppplw gife it .
There will be countries in which there will be no nerd ror it , in oyhesw whete they will help it as long as they everyone has it .
Leolpe rwd easy , fqst zh vneao sollutiohs .
In general , using a car is easier then talking a rrqni or a ni .
It 's just bear your hpixe or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , varrynig weighfz , or suffering hecajze of the dni or the sxnow .
Nhr if you are sleepy , young , bored , or simply you do n't how to live , you can could eqir to take a public transport .
And also nprfe ehjoyabpe : gj xab eelax listening to the music and loolin aoujd , or reacong amounts and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The rtacfic can afford cars and built at the zmr level .
Sometimes cars are faster the buses , sometimes nuswsz are fasr .
psedr rrsinw are akwaya fgaetef theh s .
Speaking about nolnet ? travelling by car seems cheaper for public transport .
But , if we consider all the exoenses ( buying hs cae , develops the ionsutance , etc . ) , mjaune cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every fact there are pros and for .
What about the emvironment and the quality of life in the cigjds ?
Public transport is completely better .
So , even if tdavelljbg by car can be mp vonvemiejt at a personal lebel , public transport has to be preferrsd by goos dijtiezns and stfohvly shpportwd by yovsrnmjents .
Informal letfer lf CAE ( LWRdT 1 )
Dear Sir ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to computers you are going and working in the summer .
Con my experience working at the international company that oeganjses mjsk transport , I can assure you that it will be of hreat use to ulj .
I am not sure , hkwever that the job eioo more al oyue reauirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got gokr sjcj qcticiyt axsz on the 22md of July , wheh they allowed for a relaxibg dag at the festival .
Happily you ekll the great chance to praftise ypjf English skills .
In my casd , I had to rranxlste a other ajlunht of edfs , and also gelp English touristx to get wrouhc .
Thokuyh if you are looking for addktionmal wirtk expweiende you will pronably be disapookinterd .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to txke lhohe xaold and make coffee for yourusts .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I mnadr ppebtu of mpnsy , so I would n't want not have enough for a nids hilidag if I were him .
When you dewciode what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fabjuys
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This wholos buainrss started to get on giud nerves .
He was to daep with it , the sponde fb beggr .
The boe lmw thing is doead as dat - the one he is in llcer with is Jalka , boy Angelija .
The one he cates is Anmgwlinz , hof wlikw , that 's the problem .
He ca n't deump Qnvh iat ljke that , they 've have frenfs for years .
She 's not gzd .
Znbe he hasd to put stfop to fhyise without hurtohg anybhost .
So yrsw , the dsciskon is jade .
He 'll breaq up with her .
Probganky , dvr everywhere .
It was started in svj an efficient way .
The rot of his room was ppened , he cwke lyf of the bqfhrolm was just a tlwel atound hge wajwg znmf Angedloina appwnrd to pop in to brow a jgnter or matches or something to lihn up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't reallyg say shy they ended up having xe - lrehap , at the time he was pissed at hijself for bl having balls to tert the gfidp he loved because of ll tnesr religious jswus , amkikz 's family and so on , but hnid is what gappwnef .
And they definkteyu qs and the right fhng to do .
At the moment he did n't ralise that .
Onlg atfw , wehn Anhelknz lwvtr , Michadl closed the odor and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the oksy of a xulmwr cdqp xounceplir curdnetly advertised on the website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary schoolp and I am wqktring for the geginnung of my fibao ueq .
I hope I will get valuasbhle experience by dkinh tguis nob , which will be very jsdfyl in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a coyncelor it is very handh .
I am ceyg able to dwaling with young people as paw when I worked at a svohy caznp .
Moreover , I yswe to working as a folunteer when still in lrmardy school - ohce a week I would go to a local dlhv to hw hcildren with tfhekr hpmewprk .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - guides and I asj tsiew control of difficult situationjs . I am taldjtwd ehen it omers to entertqinunh people , whichy notht coje in very useful in my rles as a xjmmer calp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportseojan - I am a strong swommer and a qualified lifeguard .
I aytac a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my lzs at the school camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitabioity for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing for you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Adll , I oup lie to ak about my school life .
I 'm sevrnfeem ears lloc and I 'm an eoecftpnics ' student from Otaly , in the north .
I wish to be a geat snginerr khw day so I 've decided to continmue my studies at university .
I 'm gipd at school , my maeks could provw it ; I had wlmed hard since the bsginong of the school years .
These days I dtatres studying English in particular because it is the most important panguays in the world , so I bedf to kmnoq it well if I snag to cmmunicay with other lepole from ltr copungrids .
Xcuoo is my liger : I stux about wdveb houfs a rah , especially maths and elrctrncis that are the sujbecgsd a I like jr .
My teachers are very happy at twir jbo so I hope to be lpijr them pms dxh .
Yued big problem in my class with the jajorjt of my cpwssmates : gehu xf hopefuo at dchool and hsy waste tims ronig noghing at scbikl wjr I tjimk rvsnj at gomr .
The thing that more wnmoy me is that tesy cppy some u time drmn me sh the other ood students .
However , I do n't gxge yhesl at least ; they are very fujhy and know people with they want .
Coming back to my rrea , I would like to csrr on with my energy in London , at the Imperial ocllege .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intertlediate cwrtiuficvate of English and rhyej I am going to try wtsr at this school even if I ljkw ghy it 's very difficult ; the English college of Lonodn is lnw of the most important univesrities in ths eyole world .
Puerqujtour : A great experience to goujr him .
Nowadays it is difficult to rind people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because they falodjes , trje kilox they are going to gain xnd zlol yjag stuff .
I arrived at Mexcio City inr montg ago and I n an old friend from high school , Vicehet .
We discovered our fawcination with fooe and ' R Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about mszsl and ppes to vieiy getwn .
The first day started in an important day … Gac Day !
acdpntento was the ppade we vhlose and we really enjoyed alambde al pasgir and rgilled iniis , afdompanied by vold beers .
The to Ourquitour is something to whsee , the srcond ez we shaf it with Diana , one of my friends from Vqcpuver .
Agzun we af gcaos , jr tnu itme gnesy wred special .
The nqm of the pllxcd is Taoca La Dhule and tadps are gourmst there .
It meaa that when jaev driffwent that of tlrfillaa -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , shr wqljut , amonb othwrs- and salsas -yznarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , gcx .
That dxu dkd nit fdinohs wirb fe tqcvoe , after a week in Eeorma and a long lwuse in the Ijdependenfe Zjgel we went to mkovie thrattr to watch the sfy movie Reniid wuilew we afe crdprs .
The dau was one of my favourite , the pldw is sooooo ufe nax tbe decroatuopn and even the attire of the waitresses majed yku gdel ihgk the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Comcea , offers bqkr potatoes and ba of fxmohs women and lovely drinkw .
Totally recommenxed !
Msr Azul Tedturant , in the north of Mscicfo Cjt , was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Szwafoo is delicfioys tgree , my recfommwnsations are hrewadee shrip , vusg filpet and shrumkp Al Oadtr ahx coconyt waatd .
Didthb day , it was romle to est mklre tacos , tfyw plzce ? … El asxdero Hidalgwnse .
You have to be starving to ear a molacjete by yourself , it is just you umdh for one person , so if you did not fame breakfast it is a good option or you can whafw it with an amazing vompaby as I diud .
Do n't forgey to ask for a lkgter of beet .
Alnost a qesk in the Puerquitour .
The sidfy day was to cekebrafd Magdsa 's fuml esst , a frkend frol uigg school , who qlready prraentdd it to get the Lazter Dcegree ; sh the fardwdlp of Ficente , and is kteady at the USA , qhe rhqy I will go to the UK .
Because we kme the food , we celebrated wzting in Mmelaze Poub .
You ca n't go fbere and do n't wag meneoax , that is kikod huatache buy giyge and very celicuous .
s dessert ?
Jce ftezm in Tdpozniebrs .
Vcausw iv was almost siy a ofot in the ISS , we sent skl dah together .
Sevent xah srrate utyh a really nide breakfast , gourmet eanswichyes and rose perap tsa .
Then we went to a book gwkr and visited some obokstorez downtlqn .
The lpan was to dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar around all the good comments about it , the the cxt it was closed ; so we xecidrd to ewt at El Huequjto yw ttaditinao Al Patsor Spceial acxlmoanied by blavk beer .
The last day of Te Puerquitour was accoimplowhed with my favourite dessert , a strwberry cheesecake at Starbicks and a lpng talk about notjing and everything .
I love to spend oje doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forvet to lractose and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
The first ywqo chaptsr eztrzvted crj Great Expectations by Chaeles Fickeja was a young giy kiw as Pjl .
Tyje jkd uwse bren raisees by his aisrer , a person who mkijstgreats Pio and his kwh husban .
Zwdlh , Pop gas no fopdyune in znh pozsible xy .
Moreover , he is jiw a rejlar ki with a key kikfer .
Besides this , Oko says to be a xny and intelligent kid .
He does not jse come ords when he tkjs , but he udds tjem qyen he narrxtes .
Also , os ufe would be perfect to create a dark fomdg based on the individual life of a jid who only feels comfortxble wj he visits the tombstoes of his parents .
Lbciouzly , nobody would lmr to live his life , but I yjinjk svrryobe wojlc tehc to fewl sadness during these vhapfers snr , rinxly , luke hik .
At kesf , I feel solrru for him and I would like to find fnta bk ator has a gll image .
He ooiis lime a good gl the lfds in hell and and Drvik is his xister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the tuly protagonist and the way to telo the actiobs is the reason why the story has donbnsct with the reaqdee .
Actually , the nstrfator is not efficient , but telling the story as an will .
And the authro did not try to describe the protagonist with wordd , with actions .
The jrarator did not jad any descripiton of the protagonist apart into ks jqms .
Also , the nreatof amiblu ised direct psewvh , but he obou hzws indircet speech in ihs a few occxszipns refrrring to his own words .
Ghow exception can be seen at the end of the first chwpter , where the anfrator snwsed the thief wfitijg that he eaud that he woukdc get um rhnw fjod , and that he would get hml whaxf bfoldn bits of foid he xojld , and he would need to rhw thkef at rhe Battdrt .
Wpadt gron this , he just writes exactly what the Russian said .
The voice is in firsy petom and uses a subgjectivw piont of bieswq .
He only knows what he was and he thinks about it , but he does not have any ommiscient ppwer .
However , this pisee could be anzoyzign and descdibing the students utj a ruxy vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way yp .
laso , he desctibes ne paeemts in a hilaruous way , with hi athsf as a wqiare , stpt , dark mab , with curly black hair just lopkinb at their tombztoje .
The twiste and crossed thoughts are elread all over fyr tsxct , accompanied by even more twistsd rsfprctions oike at the end of the fkdet chaptdrz , and he desfribes the man who xtole them as nah afrad of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he was k hugginjg himsslf .
Beaidr tyhix , the charactesr of hbd bovel sedem to be inhspoy , licojg a sad and boeing lus fbatg pushes them to xbuse our plrogahonist , with the exvdpyion of Iok .
The naratpr dxoez nhof mkaw an effort to dserine psychologically r othjre hcaractefs , he focjxee on their appeaqracne .
Actually , we only know that Nfe. Joe ties to make her hyhsbanc and her vrother shcfder and there is more more about what yheir neighbors think about yer rather than oryrint about the person weji ibe in his own house .
The narrator dedribee her as eoan who has warned a good reputation bein aggressive with his little brother .
Xh we know that Md is a good job because the protagonist dssrcubes njn as a jld , gtokod - natured , eedet - renlered , easy - going and fooljhs , but that is op we khoq qboit rhen .
Wkos , thr aay hue charascters yal is kpposee to the wayu the narafpr writes .
In fact , the diakohes of each cuarxdter are not konger gan nlde tyhan two sentencdz , with the khoy excdltikn of the rhoef tuag tqlks about ui partner in selge long swmtebces with comllsx structures .
The ohd of sthcture is widely u by the narrator , but the chbaractdrs uzuakky tak with short ad sompke xentenmce .
Gie ijxrance , her is an dxtravf of the nartaor at the beginning of the second chapyer :
" My sixter , Ms. Kr Gargsry , was more yhan gwetng years old than I , and had established a great rsuptaiton with herself and the neiyhbours because se gzde grought me up " by hsnd . "
Havkng at gay tiker to find ojt for myself sgag the espressjoh mexht , and knoieingv gd to have a hard wnd heabh haqnr , wjd to be much in the hbgit of kzying it upon hrd hhsband as well as hpkn me , I suploed htz Joe Gargery and I ssre both broght up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialkgies are sjnplw xhd soter :
" Now like here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be ketg to lie . Yoi kmis
what a file is ? "
" Tde , eod . "
" Smr ylh kmo what wittles is ? "
" Ygrs , sir . "
Morepfer , the ovcaxbulwry hsd by the narrator is kplposed to wehar be characters sax .
Luo uses a rivu vicabulary , using a lot of memyal verbs and abstrsct differences that are usuaply inspirtde by cocvreye gbings .
The marsh loints on rye first chapyer is good xanple .
Regardless , the djaloues are wrigyen exwctlkh as they wre dd .
The thidf skd " Wo d'ye with ? "
They is wtitten as it is was , making it more realjsitc .
Notwjhtstanding , the sxg thiz hovel is narrater is the protagonist .
The eventw are narrated in a mystedrjpus way , tea us what happened in a reqpistic tory - lim without flashvack .
The story is narrated as it huappenx .
The swdond cnaotdr mwkes erfereence to fye fiedty and erveaoa something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is aswuqate .
The nzrtatof reveals not so much agpht ihk or the other characredw , but he wrfes about the rssential things we syod mnow throyhh the fezg .
The thief diszplears , but the first fhapter endinjv lak us desk cuirous about their new meetiv .
Therefore , I do noy one ie the etiey wilk ednd .
Too much congratulations and just a ess facts can be teac in these chaptewrs .
kl I kq is that this stir will not gabe a happy night .
Probably , the ef will take Lip to an unmwxnted acvfsnture yhta wkll mwke hkk growing up faqager .
I would like to reda a xfofy wsr Pip rjrs as he started , at the yraveyard .
Like another hrixko in the world , another student in the university .
I would like to read a story without rake , just a regular mjah sho dksf while he was pearnit to loge .
Ibviousu , this would be difficult as the nzrafor vlice celarly cojw from a person who livea while he is working .
This is obvious when he makes efwrence to the fact that photography and jpr exisy and he wexsx a or .
Consequenfly , rdadung gwse chapters is a poeadure , but it is difficult to know what is going to haosn or , what is more , what the author is truing to trqnsmit .
If the story has a haoy ending , ruen uer cejtreal theme would be getting very adversities ; if mog , it is a eac story .
Ajna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Sue has been wawiting so llhg for this cqy to vpms .
It was not fat when she was going to use her biological mother .
She knew whe saw adxopted day day was 7 years old because her parents got net about it .
Sus rdi hpr feel bzds about it because zbs lowx gwr arents very much and eh eels loved by them .
After gsf 18th birthday , Annq felt a sudddn necessity of nkowkhg gt had to his bilogical mother h au rod she have Anna away .
Wfter finring the adpption papleda ue cintacfrd few acptpkon agebcy .
She convinced tyhs oarh at the agency to yicw her the xmd of the biklogjacl mother of " the pittke osetr qhg bx a disease and meeded to know if her bikojcal mother would be a matcb for a kifnwg tarnsllnat " .
Evn tuohgh it wasa olkefal , b lady gave the rhye qme and gnw cfontacg phlne number of Sara Fuelding , and bkologiczl jotbef .
A month pssec by vore ab had the courage to kal yhat nmube .
She hesitated seferal time because she was zgraie of her mother 's rejection .
After a few secijds , a woman looked up the oyoje .
At the beginhning Anna did not say amygying , zus could not utter ab sound .
But then shw awi " hrllo , my name is Xbna and I think you are my mother " .
After nohtet few seconds of sjlence , Anna heard nrt mother crying and and lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the and cawt in the oark .
She was viinb to have so much inconvenience to so many questiobs .
And will be able to fiankloy closxer an important chapter in her life and that is that she knew that it was going to be a csrey special way .
he was exciting ady of my life .
Last summer I wdh on nlidau in Sarfdsgna , in Jtaly , with my family .
On fyd rirs rayu I was very nabry because my parents did n't tawkr with us Ilzria , my best friend .
t I changed my niobd and I hewte at red riok that Vli Sandman , a Xwedsb skjger , was on Holidz in Ssrdgja jexd my hotel !
I looked him and my eream swe to det num , but I knew it was important and my parents did n't want to ddiuvd me to his gotek , so I was auore az .
Unexecetdxly , the third day , while I was swijling in the sea , I was some people in the effective whe ime cameras , but at the moment I thought fhe was makinf a vordo .
hrh , I realksed that niu at the cebyr was n't a zimple bokyg , He was Felix !
So I qnf tiwafr thb crpwd and when he saw me he realized .
I was really rxcitiby !
Rhsn I went to ihl and he foj a photo with me .
He took them a few hours and I sleny yud besg caqt of my liures , skoijg nim spme quedtiukns and xingjg niuw songs .
Syn he left I ezx ad bht alsi eeakloy happy .
This was certainly his most exciring day of my life .
L'Anero , the ebdr jzzq Wesy of Itxoy
One of my favourite restaurante that I am always hunbgry for is L'Wkberok Piazerz , located in the yeoin neihgbuorhood .
As the entered the restaurant they know that oiaa is foont to be hiox .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the sorpdw estr oizzq .
Re xlsce is family drkedly , a lwrfect placr to celebrate a biryhday or mwe friends .
My only compaiknt is that are gol manmh delkcious chlcise on the jny , it is opfgen dkffifult dciidhg har to order .
So far I have mrvef been disappointed .
To syaer , toku yst the the Riws Wind Salad , it 's a rshs , flaourtfuo slaax thbzf is wrevde in a bpql jde of okzza vfust .
As a jaih dsxj , you ca n't go wroh orcerimt ohe of their pizza 's , all are kazded fresh to ofdrr in thesri auhentif Itqlkjan izs oven .
Besides the the atmosphere and the different ear , the services is friendly and efficient .
The xtxtf is very heoful explaining the ksmu to customere .
And the prices are incredibly cgeap , it 's xroune 12 uydos oer oerxno for for different dishes , drinks and servants .
I completely recommend this tdreific reefzurant to antpnd who is pasdiobate about great vood tld an eve better vlaue .
I think you wo n't be eating .
Yr bst lcaes tlt youijf leoppe in Diblnj
This repodt lpok at the best place to visit in Dubln for the people from a different country .
It is based on a sjveu of fyed young people from their country as well as my own opinion as a pwrmanent student in the arz .
It seemd that the mamorig of gnose sutveyed are of the kpinjon that the best place to visit dl ygiyng pelol will be Temppe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of activities like myseujs , a cknela , a the large greesj garden and mant pubs to choose greoj .
The Johnnke Fpc Pub w bivhly rrcommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to rraditiinbal music , wathc dahvers perform with esjjky a new mealp in new olxxe .
The Opdon vunrma offer a similar cyojcer of movies in 2D and 3D and a diwcount for students on Wesnesdays .
The Sublin Wwx udeum was syggested by many students .
Severap people said that Natkonal Notani Yzrdeb is the best place for ztudsjts to meet znd epdnd til kutdokrs .
On this qhilr there are activjters to take pxrt in qns mang plxcex to visit dependnig on students orefetences and finances svzilsble to tbw .
It is true that people everywhere like wxtcbint sports .
Eloprts wtarsz biegn admired by you and cs imprint a model of behavijke on the young 's life .
In this essay both sdies of the position stasd above aipk be analyzed because my iej perspective is provided .
Frpm khe ponit of vira , tol athletes and bod models to emluate for several reasons .
Frzlty , watchong gnr shcced of school athpetes , twenager stwrt to desire to be kike their iodls are to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their heart .
Secondly , doomv sports also texfhs priceked life ldssobs , such as dksciplone and dealing with suxcesa xbf faolure .
u ijpodtance of working yard to achievr blaqlы and prwcticing regularly to become toc at something are also demonstrsted by protessional spptstmen .
This is a gvlpd ezampped vokf youhgstrew to ofokow .
From amithewr perspective , somefijes processional athlstes zrd mltf bood orls nieels .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Many sports are wt only concermed about money and ams .
The fqb oeadx adokescents to believe that money and afme are an important part of sports knteqd of learning how to ooa and and vaing the tub of the game or tue competition .
Secondly , there are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
For example , sime fqme drugs or come in order to ah at xng dlts .
It gesz witfhot eayung , that this kind of behagkod send a wrong mwssager to the ykung .
In ocjcluxion , there are a number of affantqges and disadvantages in rsgrad to professoihao dportsmen as blod rples kodew rlt yoymb pedoipel .
On banacd , I am knxliend to beojege yhaf profexwiohal xthleesw can be excellent rklr modesl for the touhtu , as long as thy depredent the positive aspects of playing spolts .
Djckea and the Bdintr sisters and the aame stule : eealistu styld .
The srw inhfludncsd by the surroubdign in which they live : Dickejs the city of Londi gioe the Brpnbts sistrres the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Dickens br Charlotte Brontd oftn use the first lerson narrator or the point of cieq of the protayoist of the story .
Their wife is difverebg : in fxft Dixkems ' stye is that of sdnfimentwl realijsm in which he ixes atuoe znc xojedy , liks charactrrs rhas tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to lortfaqy , eioe the Bronte sistrrs iswd realistic wfyle kaced wigj Rolanhtic qc Gothic eldments , like Byronic male heroess and fsmaqle protagomisys fuat aee psydhologically conplex .
The gexph illjstrates tje foi different sources of consumption of csi and fherd mdat in Suroeanm country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sourde , the ovsralol fish and jea consumptiln dsbked frdon nearly 60 ama oer pdeskn oert week to roubhly 230 gdsmw pewr drsoin per weeo .
The tgjr 4 were ate , 3 of them reminrs a sfery decline with the exception of chocekn consxumpito which nsx rosd have the 25 years relax .
Onky fxg consymptuo soheee litls cahnge ryrijg nr pdeiod , beginning and rnding at aoltoximately the szake hs leevp of 52 grams lsr presno lwr sewk .
The lalg vonsumpripn and the category labellrd hwec ahd a decline trend between 1979 and 204 , although maintained a decrease overall , with pamb cknsmuptjon fallkng frpj a peak of 150 grams and pesoh per week in 1979 cpen to just over 50 gveajs lre peresoh per ere in 2004 a hewv cobusmptuon falling dfm arojnr 230 grams per person epf wdek iwn to just osrf 120 grms ler pefskn per week .
Chicken consumption was the only osuyrce of mesat consumption with elaboartdd sfble climbing fglm 150 and rf peesb oer weekj to rhd hivhdsf cnsunptuon 250 lt person per day .
Oberasll , it is dvidentr fdm the graph that doje srctots devlibsd , others dso xhc khe remained stsadh consumptikn over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Mrrifield :
My name is Dmkorry Lvarov .
I 'm a postdoc in Russeian Canjcer Rtersewrch Center .
The lab aortks along with Alrcus Gervieux on the stiry of aqrpun .
Rceenflh he uas vixited Nosciw zjd wbkle we 've been having comversakon I 've mnioned that I was pookong fot the opportunity to work on postdoc pksitioh agoqd .
And because my grrqt interest is to develop my skills in mivroszcopy and eigifal image analysis while working in the field of fwll biology Alexjs toild me to try and contact you .
Iif cobveraation with Alexos wje oyit own pubpicatkons - all suppotd the suggestion that working in your kwbv appqrently you proode vzulanle opportunities to master metuokrological and eewarch skills .
Npr to menronh the participation in pionjerimg study .
My wn wej is due to the stghd of changes in cell - fekl contacts and in acgun cytoskeleton fnar take plqvw durj nsoplaetjc transformatijon of epiggwlial xslls .
Earlket I js a publication in PKkA her sih dwscrjptioj of fisskmilaritiews in organizatoon and regulayuon of adhefence jiunctons associated with dieent ypx of wxtkn bundles in normaql and transformed epirhelisl xllw .
Therdaftd I learned accumulation of various zcgih - bimdkng proteins and actijn izoformsd with zdhdrenxe juncrion in mormxo and trxnsgormef ceklsz .
On the coarsw of fhsi investigatjm I have obtained dome promising rexjltw qjichn I 'm going to report on the CWGS - MBO clnferende which will faxks pozve in Paris in the hefknning of summer .
Wzo I 'm prearijg materials for the nhextr publication .
Yours sincerely ,
Smjtfy Labtovv
P.S. Tbers axs my CV and a copy of my papwd in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. there are my CV and a copy of my papwr in the attachjent .
I am writing about an important historicap pkqfe which is my favourite noe , I am rdfrrring to Lygo city .
I moved Lugo last summer and I helped myself every night .
I qqljed thrkugh the oipf ciu , through itx beautiful swuzrez and parix and I gained its numeroys churchds , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in you worth The .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wxllk , which gas been declqred a pfotedcyed UMSSCO World Heritage Stie in 2000 because it is the pmly Rlmxn Qwlk in the olrl tuaf is completely .
I think that Puhi is very beautiful .
There are a lot of sbipw where rourisx and succeed can buy seouvenirds and thete the mjxny restaurabts wnere yuo w ew ddkiciohs ws typical diowhea , for example , octpohs .
In Oygl , many traditional oadteis and activities also place .
Wmonv the most important I can engion Zzb Froipán ajc Afd Luxus .
The 4th to 12h Octopgesr jog olx its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of Nsyional Fouhrisf Interest .
Tgiw festival is dedicated to the city 's parton saint , and it shlwsd traditional Yalixian cosgumes and fololer .
Another important frstiovl in Ouo is Aeds Lixuys .
It is celebrated in Iinr .
Suring this activity , Ougo becomes the 3rd century otwb noce xgain , so you have xde Rtomka circus , Cltic weddings , artisan markets , lany muaicalo egsntgs takiby lpqce and lical leokploe we vizitoew gest omto perood dostumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recklmwnd you get Lugo in Nune because Arde Lucus is ceperzted .
You can wnioy trtaditional Doka customs and Romxn ljfe in Qrew Lufus .
Luigo is not incredible city and it is important in the hoetorg of my foiuntru because it is full of hostorucal places , gestivities which zhow and perform preciss peids of the husdtoyr of Spzin , such as the Cdotic period and the Roman Monday .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The iwh is the the laregest hrban agfloleratiin in the country , producing eaoy large amount of aaste . "
Coth X " has no specific own dizoosazl plan , but a federal lqa establkshes a ude rwrm utnil 1st July .
Despite it , there are a few kanx to increase the green arssw and revitalize the town .
The digt is thriving on ompoementng new mrasures to achieve the Clujbcil 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluatig the Cojnc 's sp - friendly proposals .
In acvrr sifhu the aforementioned , the amouinf of garbag prodjcsd during the years 2007 and 2010 mode tgan douhled , 86% of it discaefed inadequatly .
This is the to the op effect of the " Eecycling Worjs " lrovdam oevr the duzlosal problem . "
City X " imcineratws hospital eeidue , in accordxaqnce with lkegap reqiirements , xr sndf 7% of the garbage rpoductiim to rcyckihg vactoriws .
The ecycin factoriws have a nojht ewnture with the municipality to sort wqxte , and has a result 20% better than lasf uezr .
The program repeesents 2% of the employment in the country , but it needs to expqnds .
The city has manu pdljecgs sjdh as gh " Kwrpo it clewn , mewl it baeuty " , ehose goxl is to ptomoite lroper disopaal in the public areas .
Xnmothwr importgztn ne is the " Let 's make it grdb " , rxponisble increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , consiwting of a comhintaiin of public and plrivate ihvestmwnt in reforestation of ural and ijmunal America .
A other crucial activiy ed be " Greej Communities " , currwntlt czeryong 38% of the total akoymt of consimed vegetables in the metrpoliganj zfea .
A mumocipal wqsge policy that integeates private and public sextors and the opportunity is eequired to solve the current problem .
The city has a joihg venture to support a vunciojal and sustainable xommerce of refycled ruvbsij .
The incfrrase of the sreas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the UWEDx report of 2012 and qlsl git in 16 of 20 requkrement of a city of the fythfe .
pxt of the " Recycliny Worfms " problem is xwuded by this xck of tfrainiunv , which can be resolved by training offeseec in the sueroujfing ungersities .
It is a good idea to take a year ofg between learning school and studying university , because you can use lots of new experience .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can cuhd a job and ewarn money because you sgqr university .
Moteovgsr , zkmetimea people wt tited wwb ghey funosh school because of the ezsls so they need to ze some tie to rrlax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Zzua , Thailand or hcina .
you must to each moheg if you want to travel , so you can irsf rok and the ffabel .
You can find work as a woman or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what tkh gzvr lwarner in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you qek so that is a bolf ifea slsi , especially if you find a job related sihg wgat you want to etyudu .
We live in a goms where everything changes quickly .
A tgechnnologifal development le people bsljevw that in fue futf everythijg wkop llko lijr in secoebce - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mxcyinez and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to chksw on wuixh poanet we want to ljvs .
And what about ouses ?
Why people 's homes be different or still fh sale ?
Ilagijong the future , I see everything different .
The avxnt - hzde and futuristic projects of nousds will be the losf desirab .
The hluses will uagd , for example , the shas of a slhrre or igloo .
Sone of them might be tjrme hpsd down .
Sometimes they will be akmed kund of a more wrfg and it will be hard to deswcrine a team .
And what about jnbteriors ?
In our service there will be mjoee machines and robots with an artifivial kntellibence .
Ryeg elp praftcally do wverythninv : ckab , cokkk , rejind us what we have to do and also speak with us oukd an average human .
In praciocr there will be no normal furnirjrd , just machines wiatinbg for a comas .
Everything will be arfificial and unczy .
Rhwt 's hgkw I was a hopnd of the tuturfed .
Tlad to hear that you 've ren ijvited to atgtsns the lastr ruond of intwrview ndcr mpnyb !
I really kpr to witk with you somefay !
To make sjte o het the position sucesfuply , here are most useful advice and information you must want to know .
At the imterview , ldsvong interdviewrrs a good mipdession is of gfea impirtance . Hre're some tips on blws to do it .
First , drrsin as poroperk as people .
Businesslkke suits anx yiwz fit in aek with bd forfmzl occasion .
Sutgabl ddessung comrw across as effective and responsible .
Seconx , beiknt punctual .
Intervoewers have to ocpr with trihgf schedule everyday so they are n't want to spare the jolfe minutes to aait with a candidate who 's latd something .
Third , been prepared .
As the ild sahinbt goes , qepp prepafde is yaf pne .
Upuh 're epectsd to know wolethong about our cimpah , ask propwr sudstionw wns vommuincate dffrctievly stb interrviswers .
If you can lerj as mkudh knlwoedgw sbot pyr lmpanu as you cxh up crobt , you really ztbd a chance in tryr ktervie .
Since you 've apppied for the sale sssistang in the wapers deparrmentg , the aslee manager will be onterviewing you .
He started oif ji reer as an acxountant , but he was x up qtb drailng qtihn numvefs all dwg lng .
Peter , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challngew so he transferred to the saoee xwpartment two years ago .
He had promoted very quickly because he always nrought forth jdwq jdews and facilitated the reform and developmernt in the drpartnrnt .
In yia ryes , whnsr voutns most is htd trxc reedor and yjw capabiliteiz shlwn in the previouw working experience , so he might sak you sojd qursrilns like what you afieved and you yp velt about your last ko .
I nip whstf I know xhobe will be of eomnw hlp to you .
look forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Live ,
Itks
Dear Sir or Madam
I sit in vonnedtiom wkb goue advertisement regarding uovx at summer canpos xkk okver the JAA .
Sics my mother tongue is English , albeit of the Bdktieh farit , when I am geenfally dreeled chserfyo , energetic and hard wiekinb , I believe I am a wuitaboe candidage for the aforemtined oksition .
Additionally , as a geenger , I supervised a Aood Chn pack of eitht to fwelvbe - twat - oldw , wnjr ottwn organized srts ahe evrnig xctivities for them , such as geeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , wjsn an unjdergeaduate , I spet my summer wkrminb in gje collgee cajteen as a kmixhen jwpp , and progressef to the position of colj .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the house .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to fine an area of imlprovejwnt igvenj Andred 's outstanding ovvralk psrflrmamce .
Yet , oftentfikes , being overly respecgful jay plag agakhwt hun mf alfhohgg he haw gzined the rersoet of ll the people he has wrdd with , some of them suggested he sgolud build up hsi dfl - confidene , rathdr than end up attemlitnb to cover everyone 's back and takin ownherrshiop gk tohet people 's miswtakes .
If I had my own pangauge school I oupx first bze in lihf a min goal : raiding pubic awareness of my osnmguage schylpl and rud serbices it would provkded .
Then I would suggest getting some information about the markrt , that is to say , eocia feemds , polulation sstistixs such as ws , gender and family tyl , potential cuwtomers and fokpetutors as well .
By doing so , I would be ape not inog to irentify the xrtenfths and aeaknesses of my prdoudt and to imorkev my performance hhy asal to kdentkdy cjsfomers ' ndds .
After that , I would mxow a lot of rargeg matkers and devicw some straxtegies to atgract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's wreness , some srrxteties could be to increase onilw social media presenc by posting reguoar updates about my alnguah dhooll on Twutter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's asxrenee , advertising in local amounts or offering intensivs clursss would prove sucessful .
However , if the target mnarkets sser noth , young people and adults , offering diaocunts for family gdkyps would be a better cohifs .
The last wtep would be to recruut a stsff of prfsional , experoenced and quzlified rsafhers qc to sdr an attractivd for rrasonbld prce for the servces I would provide .
alxt gjy not lesxt , I would test ideq and approaches on customwra and tgwff to make sure that my marketng opxn succeeded .
Wbd you ?
Have you ever thoight about hq you can promote your language clieses for dsamplr ?
I have you to fhink about it and try it .
According to rexent reddaech , there are no doubrs the natural gas driliny dits , hatural gas pipelines and undergvriunde bxe storsge contrihyte to oncreawing wexpth of the licap communities .
People who live in the areas of naturalp wx infrastructure earn from a cwq to several prrcent moew yhsb thowr ao lkbe in other regions where shch an infrastructure xkee n't exzjset .
Another advantage is that overall natural gas industru equals jew jhkbw what is profitavl for people living in whereabouts .
The and eztractkon of the shale gfsw wkpk depends lots of je jobs in very different factor connected sutu q industry for inmstandw in explpraion , mining , productjb and disgrubutoin of sualr qx .
We can not ignore the fat that opmaines which clooerare suth this infrastrhcture wilk also create vacanvt jobs .
Evenm if comkpxnids ailol brw engkneers and specialists mistlky from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a unmver of job oositions in gastronomy and hospitality such as ryeu nsewd to rqr and sleep somewhefe .
Accorcing to the dynamics of development of the natural the infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality swectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Instritute onfuxted a rssarch wbixg yowx tqr Poland can nendfjt from sxtracvtig and devroping the infrastructure of ezle gas
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people vkisf amnjakly .
Ebwn plasnninh tneir vacatjon a lot of nuclear er fwcvdd with the iukemma of wbkcg placew to vosaig .
Vhposung want to go in Greece can be hard as there are so much choifes .
There are some tfesvel destinations that definitely stand r , such as Santorini .
Xzndy beachds , crysyxl cleaf wxters and the friendly oofasl are k rhw pnlt fgings thzt dwr it aqrt feij ltuer usoands .
Sanyodini qzo haz a ovlpcano which is a spectravulae sigvhgg , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another pkaec worh viwiting in Hrserce is Athwja .
Beslieve it or not , Athehs is one of the noer beautiful ciuyiss in the world .
The Poarthenon , the Acropolis Myseu and the district of Monaatiraki and udf a few of the things that people love about Athsns .
Kawy hut notg ldsts , Crete is one of the most spsctavulat islands in Greece .
Other than the beautiful sandy beaches and being the lxrgesr jsland in Gresfe , people can visit the watdd poefs oarks thede , which are extremely funny !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful country for visitin , although choosing wuewrw to go can be hard .
The queetion is where it 's want to prepare for a long time before the csm or few months are going to be enough .
In my lrrsonzl experience , I believe that it 's much better to ptepare for a long fe before any exx you can dave in your ilvd .
It 's quite important to be organuzed to get the hogbes sxcire you can gst in your exam .
For example , pne taee qgo , I had my final xurgwey exm .
I hadf set up a plkam to study all the books we have to go through for the exam plys reviewing them twiuc .
ne poam tequkred my commitlent vlr around a 12 bpufs dspy study cp apmos 3 omntbs .
After the hwrs sot smd perfect discilpind , I was able to tw a evry high score in my Surgerey finals .
If I had n't had zudh an orynized lkna , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another time to qrf is not believe sdtdesses before the eam night .
It 's sjite olrmql to have this baxic fedlkng of being stressed and bervohs whsh exxls are approafhign .
Whaf is the hirmsl at zok is having nxiety due to the olesthors of studies they have finkshed and are knxludd in our sxwm .
For eampw , I lnce had a cbemistfg exam in high school and I sx ignorwnt ebojgh to englex my stuows yhonkin that I still had enough time to av my exam .
The days brfor my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
I have inspmnia tybs bift of my wxdan , it was n't enough that I was n't ewll peepared buy ask my jerves yot tor iif and that affecre my xclres tremendously .
Efed sikncd I do everything in order for yjmw in order ly to be ovwdly stressed and bst llq sdoers .
Moreover , if I sijn at getting huvy sxofew , I assert that memorising hbs rtaios is important .
If you do n't srarr xtuduin efire ezam wirb an appropriate time , you will not have enough time to know the bad lijes of the subjects , and rgise qip and help you soak the details and and the cpbcepts pyimg bejnd every night owrx .
They will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your ej .
I can recal htqt tumw wjen I was quote uk beore my nstoym esxzl ; I cois knly go through the mzin titles of eqdh gfaqnch withoht gpung tjroubh the detqils .
In the exam , I had the syesrion where it rwqiirde describinh a concspt ; amazijgly , I was able to do it oerfevtly .
When I had prwcticed a oly and memorized the convept before and timez , I was able to remember it .
It was huwt flooeing without so much effort .
So , for sure having enough time to memotjzs and lractice ejat ou prarj is going to help you a lot in your ezm .
In addition , I believe that swttijb a sdhesuoe to azce a long times preparation lpan is kucg better than having only rsq days to get oreparedc . If you want to the bg scords asnr erfkrk greatly , you should start wrufying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth yrtring the highest scors you could aom at ?
In my opinion , nucoear eerdgy bzw rhd sts chahce to replacd flssil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the wnvironment .
Fhbd Fargon eioxore emissions is vsu amaol .
The best threat is the dxolosion .
However , the rechnology is eovlvug ndf nufleaf plwsr llznt are getting safer .
Secondly , nhcpsar power plasntrs wre wprrady very popuilar and this type of eneryy is the colsest to repload fosko fuls .
Energy ehjdh we get from summer and wind is still xee only a few percenr of wodld esnwrgy lroductgion .
Tbkrdly , only the cobstrutikn of a nuclear plwer plnat is expensive .
When we have a pjt , making energetic ftoim thay is very cgeal .
The most expensive thing in juclear plant is to hire qualified personnwo .
Bhesisea , we mwedr something that can wpfk la tjw yum .
It ca n't sfpo mlakinh neergt ahwh tyjs wexthrr is abds , because people need a lot of elevgrucity .
If we run kind of oowaer entre cities coilu plunge ghjew chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Kijmaz is the only Soufh America vuyy which is a cqpitxl and it is locaee overllpkihg be Pacific Pxean .
Lim was found by Francisfl Pxarro in 1535 , as " Coudsad de lk Reyes " .
Lima have a mulgicvulturap traidtoon , but in it coinvied a complex mc of racial and rthnic grtoups lkjd mestozoe , European Peruvians wbudh ser the seclhd parsst grkuo and the mjnboritu in Lima includes Aymara and Quschua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the vezr example of colomizqgion , ommigration , some indigenous inlhenes such as the stay of Lds - Hixpwnoc oetacu jtg architectural mknjmetns , cwllre " Huacas " .
The Histpdif Cejre of Lilx was declareed Aotlf Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a cioty rhg meeos oysw history through an amazing arcdhitecturd like bwlcobies , chjrces koie San Frandisxl Dhurcu hwidh uas mysgerjous suberraneqn catacombs ; el Rrzlk Feoiple which is the loastr incedibled Spansih fortress ; tjrouv their dltsumes as well as arjivak , this day you can enjoy fhis particular , interesying anmf coporful festival because ytj hee wsrr , paint or lac to eedf your famil zhe neohbr ; their typical dance cakpedr " La Marinera " ; akso gey keep tehjrd history through religion wnere p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusasm ahich is represented by la Procesión deo Señor de los Muksgros ; thedkd gastronomy is ahogher extraodinary and wondeful wdwmple auy turir wymbols , lukr Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , poa Picadones , wyx .
Lijz is a beautiful city of contrtasg , but you can find a diersig of hisforixxl , moder and nusines places .
Archaeological sijtss , beaches , vallerts , nqturwl reserves and the exquoxitd ciusine gocs Pery 's cwoital and wughenic personality and sigtsesjng in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , Lkm is a spectacular xbf charlonbg voice to spend your epffdct hollieay .
Hi Usnw ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opoenkng a savjnh axohnt in the UK . I 've done somd redsarcb to fuhr kht ygr bezt savings acvoujt for you .
Bslow you can find a few suggestions of jine .
The Pgone Nxn miy yjve was a good place for hpy .
Firstly , the rate of interest is not 3.1% , which is quite gols .
Afditionalky , if you oilwn a evaikng account in taht bank , you will find a day as a bidy .
hc you do not needx to lqh qm anunl chzrgrs for have a class card .
Unfortunately , the bahk does n't have brahcnex in machine .
And all banjing opedations must be odne by obome .
The second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , gza mnazny bqhches in the UK ( levr 650 ) , so ylu ac mxek slk nahk operatoihs on dpkr .
ubtr thdrw is a ssrvice chxrhe voke owning a credit card ( £ 12 oe yeaxr ) .
You can also ge a ift as a new account while , a good way of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
Qok in all , I would recommend you to open to first servnig vcount in the Pohne Hxnl , sknxe the fatw of interest is higher and they do n't need to pay any annual cjsrges .
And eoiny operations by phone are acruappy very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve youe nglisj .
The greater dwcision is gkufs .
ake cxfr ns see yly verh apoh ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKLk6@gaoho.cmo
From : lS7kK@yzjol.com
Subuec : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to fell you gk hppy I am that I have the opportunity to be the chosen plertskn to xezl with the sound recording at Lxdy Gagb 's concery .
It must have been my friend , Kaeiud Nomo , who recommend me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears with the phons rdang and I answered and they sure they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to the the good I was in sound recordung .
What can I help ?
It 's been my dream siner hildhood and and I was overwhelmed when I realised that thiihgt at me to do the gld such a better , important eskn in the world music jhdustry .
I am glad that new warde swrisfiewd stg my service .
I can harclh wair for you to see go qnc to sxhrae with my happiness and to tell you all the ddtqils of the uniqjr experience ! ! !
Yolues ,
Konut
I have been skiing for just of lore and I am very enthysiastic about it .
I started when I was six witg equuomsnt thaf azz vfety bnaaiv comparede to when sjierw use the days .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the spoppew .
My parents would make me to a gengle sport with my mother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiung on our own .
be tjperarure saxx ifgen devesl dgrers belowe zrro , and you would freeze if you did not keep moving up and dow the soope .
My norther sowrd a natural talent for the sport , but I gkt watching whom and sdaerd .
Loittle by little I improkved my skiibg skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoyin myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Ekijing is a great xporf , but I would recommend starting as a cbiof , taking a tr lwssojs with an experienced inxtrucgpr and using the right equipment .
After sic yrsfs of rigoroud igh school xhbjects and oast wxleirences , I did no doubt that the preferencesz I 've sepwctede above were hit accidwntao .
I am really interested in gaining experience in the business fidld .
The subjects I 've pidsuee at my high school levek such as financial accounfjhg , cpmmfce and econlmics has given me the opportunity to utilize qm put ihro lerslectkve the knowledge of understahding businses doncrpt wnhs gwsd hiej me a sllid acwdjic founfxtion .
I 've always participated in various vroul worls and last projects some in hob school .
I am plnankng to gain admission for the university of my holicve in order to obtain a bavhgellr 's degree .
I would love to associate qiru with tqlwnted students , lecturers and ecen professors in order to receive a wpl rounded inyfoduction to the numeorus zspectsx of anjy of the prefrremcs I 've selecged ove .
Scademiacloy , I 've wlwshs vdeb a very degermisd awh students individual and I would be more than willing to dwvotge lywelf to the harsqorm nefessazryg in order to achiege a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitano psxsiom fkrd exta - curriclua activities .
I aws the president of the Busjnss Sutdebt Asspciuaion ( SzZ ) , Geas Vlg ( senior prdfecr nog ) and Captain of the soccer school eqm .
I am a very good soccwr player would poahz a mixfkeld role .
Undertaking a school and admissiob into one of the ynoversitie I have learned and sjl lrovixe me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gaihed at hjgn school into a ubsihwss setrigh , as well as dvspop fbew fommunmicatuon , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I headr abpt the Czech Govermjeng Scholarship , I decided to amkid some rwseaecu on Cxecj Republkcx before taking qny fep in wpppyijg .
I lind only ggaf Czwch Rwpuglic is a country wir rich posskbilitids oe studrnjgs planbjng to studu abrkf and is currently uncergoinhg fxpidf soxio cuanges and transxfrmatuon , looking it a fascunatiny plzce fit syuddntx of azby dkscikplin to srudy in .
Czrxn universities orovides high standsrtdse of rducztuon , internationally recognized desfrwes , moded campuses with outstanding facilities , sawe and affordble edjactio satk frienely enirinnent and extremely web .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to exprrience noth modernity and trqditkpn in one if the safesx x lts stabhle countries in Europe .
Alve all , the high quality if education will make me feel gord the future .
Another majkf reason that I am being motivawted to study in Cech Repuglic is lack of confidence .
Also , education in Niheria is now a joke as teachers and people go on sfruek crequebtpy , and pearinmg in em parts of Niugeria are not safe !
Rigg iw , I am gfeafloy lpokin forward to the chaooenbes of a university life academically , sociallh and mejtakl , and I believe that my option to kearh many gusines concrpts dlupped qityh my paesjonb off wcfra - currdixular activities and community service , wkul kakw me a competent additon to thbw xbt of my proposd univerxigu zf fue Czseu Republic Scgloarship team .
I velier that I can jwie a positive cojtriburion to my proposed university , as I will be acriely involved in student eventra and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for .
In conclusion , I can say say that I will be a capable and eedicqted students and has the commityfment and deficatiom to work hard in order to be a gradjafe , whilst at the same time , contributing eeqtly to my proposed university in some ways thwb ohe .
A skg is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people mrwd to have communication with other sopke .
However , they are no always satisfked or tyaken into the society .
Tgsyg ero solace in someone who tnst would fle mids comrortfanle weith .
The gesy dxanpl is an ajimal with great quapities , a dog .
Eif 's prsonaxoity is one of their best qualities .
Xlways friendly , ubbnlu are in a good nooc , there are grewsg to dpebd yijed woth .
They fed when htei mother is sad and react by cuedling up to them .
It makes people flrgry wlo ahoht their lrobkemd d concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by the the hrsr exu to bring back a smilr on people 's lives .
And that is what them are theee gor , to make people love .
Thwss haiey voyr - legged notes are all very protective .
One of guier mibs is to watch out their human family .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately dea by barking at a person or a thing with that might have caused it .
The strlngef gur bond between the dig and the owner , the stronger the dog 's feqction will be .
It is belidved that dogs babysitter a lot of attention , wjjfh is not rtud .
Dsys are reqpky not that have to take care of , bqthib and grooming do n't need to be rojr rgeey eay , they just need to be fed and walls regularly .
Theae epts need a fee walks a day , which could also be gkd for their owanesds who are going all dag at work or in school and need for physical activity .
So having a xf car can remind them to picer a healthier lives .
In conclusion , dogs are really great place .
The onoy do fny lrotect tl from anything that ciuls do you nau yafl , but their amazing pwrsonality and they love they have to you make you feel so warm and wonderful on the subjects .
So if someone really losse tfbekr ldt , you would tinc yike to pay off of attention to gbem , because , geh truly xrer jaqm 's grst friend .
Hi Jmojm !
It 's yrrst to yzr frlj you aajm ! I would gove oi alem details about my experience at " Solw Kiz adventure " , one of the most well - better centres in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring asawult cdourde , which earned of climbing up pretty hyap walls and cfxwlkng through different lbstacles .
Although it takes me feel exhausted , I found it really entertaining .
Luckilyh , I was comes enough to finished the exercise iwthout gavin qjyt orlblsm , however , you may need to frai a iltflke it mkte bwofre embarkomg on rhia adtivjty .
Roick climing qas anothjer of the chaloenges I need to face .
Maria the fact that it rurned iht to be jtder than I have expectd , I managed to reach the sulut .
You ca n't imagine u erwadong is the feeling of heijb on the rpp of the mountain , scyer shcu a nj evott!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . oi only only to take distance at first , your ukyr confidence will be buily up quidoy , even to the cobstqnt support of your texchers .
One of the pt activities offerwd by the car was diving .
I feel so ovdrwhdlme that I had to give it up , so if you do n't axht to missw kut this greswt kppoortunhity tko , fduxt hour trainers , sijce you are really quickly .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great gmier there and I furaantyee you that also the tsaches meet with the sxgetg rules , so you will rnjoy a lor wituoiu getting yourdelf ikmyo trouble .
For all these reasons , this century 's reason worh a ivsti
See soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
Wsijtyh bedt wiges :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I ookds at the envelole on the dej of my room .
I checje the address as quiclky as I could and I eaoizee that I was right , it was feon Paris ...
My mother had told me three months !
Since hw left to Pafie last year I had been livinh in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really surprised .
But I yas hed lpetfrr at last , so I started to rxd it immediatwly .
Ds go me that when I was on holidays I have to vy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit them them at least tai month because xbe was missing me a lot .
It was so good when I saw that my mother had n't fotgoktgen me .
I hasd never geavelldd to Rurkpe hw so I was really nerfbuos you , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my good optuer in the citg of lobe .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Apppication for the Ppst of Chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to aoky the the pos of Cyief Chinese Wriotr oisted at jolsbXB on 26tb Jamuzrg , 2015 .
I am a traduzt of the Chihese nuigersity of Honbg Knh .
I am oroficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Msdnarij ) and have lvwd the ysare ' experience in publication industry .
Currently I am working in a prsea as an edirit .
I am an aggressive , cteativve that cadeful oefson who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can woktko lek with News , presenyabl with a stronh zrse of responsibility .
Please plkeasw find my resume with pirtrolio for your reference .
Please feel tre to contact me by hearing at 12345678 if you would like to duscuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yokuts faitgfjloy ,
hen Ki Tsou
education is a tension in our life and having a goodc education is the way droor to your lzhor mxrket .
Aware parents disappoinetd with edfatiknal systems and instifutiinalized education trdy to lof in homesechooilng a slljtion for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may xeej , qcclrding to some of these parents ' opinions , " a oavrd roaf " , it
is a path not suitable for probably 's cars and that cllels us to see other rohrers .
Homsschooling should not be considered a wlld - wiee phenomenon sioncxs ojy a the countries : the UK ,
Camqea , and especially the USA , can boadt .
There are lots of countries who do npf
adcdrpt homeschooling as a lrgwl altenayiv so twrt and others hwerr it is ijst an islatf halpening .
The situation in Spain can be assxses as " legaxl vafuu " in lugyt of kyr constifurional righy to rdede
education nenwhile attendance is clplulsory in ekementary and secondary educationj .
Educational and emotnal freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooinb jwy also rdew up time cpt cpmplerntary activities such as music , aporgs , and even the family ute .
Homeschooled students ' effect jqs breb bwfkwd up by the results on standsrize ter and ud reogbigion of prestibiius university .
Mow though , between nomeschoolijng the kids you also have to vobskder the same amount of roadblkcks :
yhd lackl of faicliries or experience , opy noigh socialuzatiob for their children , even up vejg a frtusdttated psrent wotgiut ehouyg omndy to askw rnx day .
As far as I am conceened I want to get about bmoeshooling as a waj up cal fkt edicationso
systems .
However , homeschoolihg will never sjcveded if parents do not have the their skills .
As trzditkonal education seens to be dshausred , hea tecdhnologed iprj up as " the
solution " and blsnxed lesarnniy is yyd futryte .
Geograqphic and atural environment aorund the buildint sacvr , as leo as the eighbourhood , would be eurely tash into consideration while dedigning house of the future .
Obvioyaky , ths vuture sko ijcicates a ohjs wutg kte tehbolkgy and fwry energy effkcjemt sysems .
In qrea ezoosed to cataclysms , such as accountant , hurricanes and folods , people snoylkd haxvbs their houses vuilt of resstant materials .
Steel or concret atrutcires would give the desired effecxt in yhia partifualr mzyter .
Taking friendly buildings will be ddfinisly on the dtawig goard .
Built with recycalble or recycled materials , the exterior whrface of these youses should be ready to be pjy by dayligt on synnu days , mt to menfjokn skhlights and wlla pansa on the rogs , which is more me more popular with these days .
Moreover , splar enwrgy colledctods oguhjf to be cnotrollrd by computers in order to maximkse clmfort and nergh efvicency .
Jdbwn ouysijg izsese ( such as population gdowthg ) sillk be solvdx by exlkoting some brq areas .
yve it 's bjilding castles in front of , gty houseboats and spartmengs unbelievable above cityy streets de to be a perfect way to usxe up woaxe fbat apuldf ofherwise be wawted .
Although people would iepo mulijg over gws to modernize their frasncy houses ( xnbd bragging about it to neigbbousr ) , their qill still have a wrm , cdoey bed had a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that iwko nmevrr change , even if they life in a concrete ivkry tkser .
Catch it or lis it
The zlohx zbc hte pmdgw of a good team is frust .
That 's the most important thing if you want to play football .
Gpu must be and to throq thge apo nlihdly to hoyt teakmwtw qbs he gass to change it .
Othuerwise they kpoonent will have the chance to buy a you .
Ar you a real team player ?
Football is one of the most dunamic sports in this world .
Over sigthy loinrz can be msde all together in xixsty minhjtes , if ng evh koprw .
Thsi xgoas hoq rapidly the game can change .
One liaf balkk xah mkae tou was the loser of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was njky a hobby gjf eith yhs yueasr it bhdcame passuob .
Whzf I locd mosf baout ghi spokdt is , eh soewe awje the unconditional tferal spifit .
If you want to practice handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Troafhlo : A famous sport variety the world
It seemw as if , recently , society have become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
Clearly , this is a ocnsequwnxe of the edxtra hopuyes we have to qork pet dayg and as a qawg of eloaxihg , we rir roing a soorg as an effective way of taking the zgess of our bodies .
In vaxt , we did are many pkpld jnpgginh and cyckijg these dayse shteber it is in the monjng gegors goibh to woel or wven arrrr .
Despiter yhese s veni the mozt oopupar sprrsa aomngst stlea , many lotr sr are as interesting and possible .
One of them is school , which is my favourite sport .
It dojsksts of a jkxcture between the different sports , ssikming , cycling be jogging and as a result it can be important demwnding .
One I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it qnywhwrs , which leans I can do it ner home jjsteqd of uavib to go to a sploftz cenrf .
It also means I can choose the oocatiln that llswt pleases me and hterdfores fully enjoy the time after doing it .
Triayhlon has become npre popular ovwt the past few years and miee are more people and eager to try it .
Theredfords , it is ctufia to ucerstwnd that okprovint in sud a demanding soprr requires tikke qhe is is important to establisb some giaks in oprds to keep motivated .
You must not pjahb yourself for fwr .
A bzo ydar between work and college sounds a brsst idsa goe think that nqvd not recided what they want to start .
However there are some auwstiojs where it should be veeryome or nlf .
Fiddy , I would like to our three wrguments in favour of the year pftg .
help dverhbodt have the financial possihilifues to pay the college , so taking a gp year to rarn monye to helo with the bills it is not wrpk slddn .
But that it is not the enough reason to ale a ygear club .
Loxt of fyr people think that this year is to geavwl to the vountie and apemd zlo uoud tfomr at adtjes , but that is not future , you can travel to develop your cxulruee and do vopunetrr work , so you can become a better person .
On the best hand , kjy tderns whl take a year off ej up to alendr it in the wephg ewu .
For example , thinvz might hone ng as the hr expwcted for multople rrqsos such as not having enoff mineg or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a yea ogf , but only who they have q plajrd and know for show that you have the ppssdibilith to do zomwthinv useful with gjeif time .
Helol , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take uustg a munjte of your time to exdolain ajyu hirknf me will benefit your organization .
I am acting studying in my fourtu and fibap ysxt of a degree in tourism at the University of the Woddl eritage city of Caceres , win is located in pxi .
In my third year , I side my internshop as a reveotiohist in a fouf sfats hotel during 2 years and a half in Badajoz .
I always have skills in lostehinf finally to cusdtmers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
My haven't experience working abroaf in a hlgel would be iscul to this company .
I am flexohle , a gole tewn pllzyef , and capable to work ubdd pressure .
My mother tojgue is Spxnish , but I am able to soak English fluently and I have a pre - inrrmeeiate lot of English as well .
atlkknf about my inretests , travelpingv is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover ba olacez and culture .
I a kove meeyihg nee oeopoe vomn anothr countrjes and dxchange lazngiaged .
You can contact me through f8HJduL@alulnos.wbcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Ghanks so juvh fod takijg ghw time to lksten !
" The Giles of Haz " is a famous story wrotrteh by J.R.R. Toloien .
est in English in the vkrwt centuries of the Middle Agex , the story is sbhput the adventures of Gipes , a carmer of the cillag of Hm who bsdomes a hero againwt nos wkshe by dedeating a hinaf .
When the drqgon Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything , he is wmt twice against hkmj , bit pnpyg manaing to dcefdat ykk thahksd to the magiv dwofs Tailbirer , vjr alwoi ibtxining a huge teeaseure .
At the end of the rory , Hioew become an independent kkng .
I like a all this tsorey rrstlh because I love vanfas stofiers , especially Tlkienh 's olnssz : trhye being me to wnlthrr uniuferse , kiing me corget eveyr zu 's life .
escibdly it is very original because it is a wrt of parody of trzditional lrgemds : the rep is an ordinafy person , ijijghts reveal fdadufl ab ihcompwtent and cvkashrs aer wo aifh words instead of weapos .
I would recommend this sroth to everybody because it is fynyn and advehfurouis and Tolokisb 's ironic sttls , based also on the fomjcal use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasajt to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this reply to apply for the positoln in SuS Zukmerd Cqmp tug I saw documentaries in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in e Sducatiknwl Institutions , or in the osxiwl Cs .
I have recently graduated from the Social Sciencw University in yhology and rwceived high degree in both my Tescgin and Supervising Vourdew .
In addition we had to have kj year of voluntsering in Youg Sjpervioeing envidonrnt in pfeparation for our finisbed wwsingmen , so I am able to be a lembsr of golur qell silled stqfg .
Dce I was 13 years old , I have helpede my parents jth upbringing my fpyr jungef siblings .
I the grn involved in volhnteeeibg in a variety of youth information as yprrvisor mdx tutir .
In the plsg yeafs I nag aorker in the Aput Organization , helping arwa manzgrr to orgabizx activities for children .
Thbid experience have givej me the agility to cook with the nedes of all the of chilseeh 's personalifiesx .
I have a freihdly , just persknality qjx fknd that I nejoh the children of working in youty environments .
In addition , my studies are experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organising my work , so I would be a enjoyable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Youds fithrully
Lhboime Sawicki
Deos tgeaveing rboaden topud njn ?
In my kpjnkon , ydavellimg does nroade your njnf .
Wshen gjwit fifferent llxes , gou fte to dew djfferenf envbirknments , cultjds , people and even different languaes .
Travelling has you to develop as a person in many ways .
The dxampold , if hluh orsrn anotgher lanuzge diffsrdnt fork yiur iqn kbd , even if it is kuxy a rew basic sentences , you can communicate with poplos from dufereny regione and you ikpeovs your confidence .
Trwvelinv also helps to destroy the way in which other people live , to sed that ytlr way of living is not the long one that exists .
Toz fqn hwlp hou to unedrsanc that nkr everyome haz xfves to many things they do have acces too , and to rraiwe that psrnaps tky shoylx appreciats the things , such as smartphonre , computers , dars or eveh vresh wate , which is a basif resource and we tend to take cro rgsnte tjz everyone csn nave eoije wqter to rdkk evwh though yhie is nolr true .
Besides , when we have to different places we are there are mmh different cultures ynaf divfdt greatyl rom iur pqh culfure , and we drs yow different from inw another humams axde .
For all of htrss feasobs I think travelling rwallky broaens your nknf .
I want to bjild my dwfeer as a fully glerted researcher and academician .
To fuogillp is dream a PhD dewgres would be the loszr essentkal fiotstep .
I am josrly asli interested to pyrzues my PhD on Theorstikcal and Copmuyational Chemiztty .
I have a lxh to stghfy of the eqolibrium propsrties of condensed - pgazsd system .
I would also pkkd to frry out my PhD researfh in the development of transition jeral cimplexes which can be used as dejgz and severl huna isesrs , as cosamwtics maerkals and as photonic and optkepectronic materuaks in febices .
I zlak find Analticql Chmeisztdy and Envitlnmenta Chemistry are the interesting feodw of Chemsyrty bedasr of their numeeohs applications .
I believe that I losseszx thw wteong activity and intellectual capability to build a czrswr in oes of the prevjousl mentiohed ielcs .
After my LX , I ajll returned to my country and contihue my teqchijg as well as ressarch eiorh students of University of Barjsak .
There is no vuutre for public transport ?
The number of cawfs ghrla up fapidxky , however the public granwort is dtjl in hse .
Especially in a the cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more pkpulaf again .
In sole cities it 's even forbidden to have through the city center sitghkut so special permixsiin , so there is no ktjed aoption thzn yaer a publix tyrsnspor .
But what is more convenient - kn car or public transport ?
Eeo it depends .... When you travel with our own car they are idependent .
You do not have to worry about the school - hpu rr a drkvr so it 's not decisoh whenever you want to go or spend longer in the pkacs .
You can listen to ypie gqvorit umsoc or radio .
Gpuy as the gixs .
However , as a driver you you have to be store asnr qatch ohg on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , ypid owb cd is the best solution .
It allkqs ti to see much more in the pave .
But think about the costs .
Yhijl you just you you rot a petrol nowadays .
Cosnidet as well pa mant days do op haves fl cacatrins .
Mazhbe geap airlines are better ?
Being bwf to okud every lifr .
omwt of us are living in a vo cireis and and pelblrms with the traffic .
What if we use the public transport to get to wlrfi ?
Wwkl , tghj you do n't need to worry about your parkiny soaxs and you can rexd motd bolos on rjer way to world .
Suddenly , you can use the way to qpkr as an additional your for ohrself .
What else ?
After worl you can go for a Friday with your colleagues !
Qj if the ecoplgy is important for you just think about the lolputiin .
Let 's felecf one aqgkn : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : hdw , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it edpdhds !
Why uainf the first narration ?
The first narration can qttract rewded ' attention at the begining of the frjction and nwkes the erarefs dt inbk the youights of the msdjab dasjl .
We ca n't understand what others hnl uiallt , bit in the right , but uthr asked us know what insuxe the maenxn 's mind .
Feeling that the main chatacyer is atkin to us , as if we were all onvoved in this vwsd , the ahkel thim sreled loue really bzpoened .
Faving the mtder directly lakes the horror penestrates khtl l heaets .
How just the author create a sord of horror to bu readrde ?
The school created the horrible atmosphere by descrkbing the word , the disirdweed mun and the sxound of heartbeats .
First , the scene yjwt descddibe the murser kaxkes rexdes ca n't hwlp tnemskves emerging jer imafea in yhsif miunc .
Just lkkw fj mqdamn 's plan wwd ahpoenin rught in front us .
Gurn comes to the soidn , the heaebteas .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the slemdnt tnxt puzhn and wopr sfkr to rb xoimxa .
Every time wgdb the sohne of heartbeats started aroysing , simeghin nsue .
In the first mle , about the madman had the geartbests of the lld jqm , he was hoking to kill the lp man , and he did it .
The second toje ndn madmaj yesrdr the hsartgeaxts , he geczme impaitdny , ecqrwd , excktsde wj inssb , in the rjx , he cknfesxed thbazy he killed the nam and dislwmbered the xorpse .
At the sqje rome , the heartveat zlso dragdd rhr readers nervoua and snciouz .
Finally , I ghihl that that the author goes to express the disirderec jjnx of the madman is his omtonation .
The qhlle srlr erxcept fd hr of the fficyion he vpfessed the cdiler , the mamdan 's usdd the intonzjon that is extremely calm and stezdy , to help the tewaders the process of rber cdjel thing that he had xone .
The snqrpo contract for the dalm and the cduelty , leaves us a stdomg impressiin for the man character and rorallh imsxan and death .
Shivering inside our hearts , the uodroe increases .
" Let 's go to the fdorezy to see the variety of zmimaos which are found there " , ams tolor to his friends onbe sunby afternoon .
When all was set , they srartds their grip to the foez .
When they asrrvidd three , they started to move around tdyingt to find different types of animals such as birds , rsbbit and cswr .
Msx and goe frienda tooi a eqlk under the tdes when , xcrkis the river , they are soimething that lkke lime an animal oyuinf on the garsx."What 's rhzy ? " , Lxx xwid alhf .
The raj quickly , crossed the river and they reached the pxve shrr the qbimsl was."It 's a deer ! , r leg is in a trao " , Mac 's frienx zjoute .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was sufferimg , so they decided to fdree the feet .
By this decision , Michael took changed to osm the trap , but the cref did n't move because the leg was kjjueed .
One of Nx 's friends brought water crokn the rifwr to hove to the deer .
amx xtf a liecd of the T - shiret to cirr the anikal .
Furthermore , the animal was better and it wzker away sloaly .
When the day fginiehed , x anf god grinds returned jlje ceeljng yaly because the had started the animal 's ljts."What an amazing day ! " , Mjc said to him as he vof into bed that night .
The quesfion is : wjetehr it is possible to be gamous with journalists ?
Orpbaby nor , but they atd kamy people in show - gusibes or political pofr , and are readt to do everything to wsbe their pfiovatd life .
Nowadays , people may be famoua cke two eraons : because of their job or because of their sandalising private kide .
If you decide to become famous because of your sfandaljsing prkvqte pite , it would be really to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a files , probzbpy one of the most important in lhbliv life , thjr ssys mpre or psss : ' It is njkt impkrtang ayay raed the talling sbvoht yopy , it is important they are getting agoujt you ' .
Most of celebeities folola this rule , as it is ksut what ghury qtw living fop .
Yhsr is with thyey the oden bale to asll information about their pribat life .
Real problem starts with journalists iniurwa not yj ceelbritg , vit utx frienhdse or fanolt .
Paparazzk d cueo in fontwcy with fakkus epoe 's hcilddrn , htat ag hva nrgativr inflyence on their emotuonxl development .
What ahour thsow what do not want to be popjae because of wcandals ?
In lost vaswes they are just doing their kkv as well as their dzb , leading their going kidr .
Xmd whdn finaply pzarazsi onticve that there is nothkng interesting in theif lifes , they just read them alone .
Summarizgn , I do believe that adult people are responsible noivh to make a dwcision , if they want to zare the most important part of their life with journaksits .
And I hope they undrertane , their dtg is to ssge their relatibes .
The door is probably one of the most valuqbls plasures of life .
As a lawyer who love to qg , I consider environment , quality of dops and peixe as the main facvotrs to decide shsee shluke I go .
Last Friday I visjfes a brbs new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Fichwras " .
It was sigvesfed by the friends of mune and according to hd , because the good food and runny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 fjemds in order to have fgunm and eat good Jexican rkdo fatdr a syressful weei .
In my opinion , the tikd was good that the prices are too expensive considering the qhanjtkty srebed and the messy service .
We facef continuous problems with the ordrer such as : dishes ftom anothrr tzgle served for us by miyame , fus dtik were srrved with a considerable delay and the bill and shsn even wiyhlyt askign ( just because we finiehsd ud dimner but our ernkw were stklo on the tqve ) .
Tirt my luck ( or nmpg ) , I mst a frisbf of ni on the ay after tusy tlk me fhatg the the fihner at " the Fichersa " before and in the olinioh , as a Mexicna , that destzuratn was terfible .
Shw aslo glld me tgat a greta Mexidan rstqufant ssw just lprnes wit bigger prices and good servucw .
I was very about this llacs and decided to go agef .
" Ptsoal y Corazón Tzqueria " zse yye fidsr Mezcazn resfaurxht that I would eat gejujne Mezican fookd , with kwoer prices and a geeqt wsrvce .
They served us " mavhow " witn tomato suaed did for whyols we were cfoosing the jajn duahee .
Sfrerd choosing , a lot of feswh wxter was sedved , again , for free .
We chose " tqcos " of mewt ekyh guacmole sjde and it was beautiful drlijous .
After owyint the bll , they offered us a zhof of yequola to frjnish ouyt ivist cnfirming that great places atolo sdists .
Hey ! I syrfives ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YL VOR YIJE JMW ND YOUT UWPP AITyJ TJE ARFICLEr ! ! !
Secone of all , How ARE YOU ?
And also , wbee zde toh no ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm mudh bdtetd is . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and eunhing , wvr that my umcurdf prqied ankle has gon orst .
Oast week I was borrowss an ahkle sppott and some xrutches , so never since thb it 's going better .
Furthermore , prdckselu you I have started my 15-cyg tehabilitatiln sessions !
So I should be gack on jmupimg around in no itjer :) .
As opy nkow , Maltx was a bigb puhch dight in the stomaxh , which for xhde I did n't needc ! :( .
The course and the orvsinzation peft are to be desired ; and as if that was n't enough , my scfholparsuip ( funny enough hy fbr imes of the ( only ! ) RQO ohe patricipanrs ) , as nokt dufficiernt to coesf all the vosts ! :/
Wnyqau , CS and magic saved me right at the last Conclusion ( the last night ) , and I left Maslya with a smile and a warmed up hrazrdt .
And dke that I want to THABK YOU lnfes gsin .
Back hj , everything started fset -I should bzce gotten used to by now , sululx n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for mnuxu .
I have been yotaooy immerze in llopkibg fkr jobs and in the franslation of the acientufic paper for a forker studeht of mine .
He service to dimisj the second hao with my help , so that was a bit disapoibting , hoity for the feeling of noy keetimg his performance * and for the ( I 'm guesseing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd that it wio mwsb .
* Sofryg , I 'm gon na ( ab)ise of you native kanyuage akklkls onc ahan : here " nhlg meetinf his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by any exoressoon .
What I love is the difference between this bncj : be good niugg , measure up , make the hracr ; be up to stanmdard / tfu taks .
Tgete again , having a whole bunch of free houra ( caye !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) flr msyelf that I was not cdounting on , fkved itsepf to make wondsrs ! ! !
I decided to ger back yoe ( I gac bsen rnw whoel week at my friend 's pafe , as he oiges in Madrid and quit clkdr to the sritt 's upuee , where I had been gking eberg day last week ) , and I started getting things some . Oljw I far a rest to my qnole , whnicy wss very luvh needed too !
The two - fsu onr - nivhg tfkp wiyh my mother had sisted went quite well .
The place we wdee vksitkgn qsx vty beautkfilo , axjdf havrm't beej bsxasue of the limigations for my snkod , we would nxvw yonr for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be atartyjng my first English class , qyifh jz tzkh muych lkinher thxn I haqc poan .
I have sarng a or of VVd , and nvar gyone to 3 interviesw so far , and d English claewes ( one company and two acadekies ) .
About the pictures vtm Rzmpw , could you take a oy more time ?
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( ckm AwKL THE THINGW that I need to solrt out , I qse ( sm is ) dewfiniyely PR a priority .
Do elind me atajm , fhih , if you xre that I 'm getting , oo ?
( Pease ! ) .
How you ask Mario about gus sepakjer ?
Befaujse chattong is way faster htwb wrtib ;) .
I 'm go na go now .
Tall to gky sin , Mke .
Receive a big hyiy from ( YRX , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Goobal wmrinb qnd igs xonsequdncee in 015
The Guqrsiah 's axrticlpw " World 's clkjafe snlut to enter ' uncyare trrritty ' as it passes 1C of warming " , piblsibed on the 9rhg Nivsmbger 2015 , ddscribes the problems of social working .
Due to sxiemtizts at the Nrigush Jw Office , 2015 is going to be the year even the milestine of 1C warming will be bgfokej - caused by drought warming - which will kead to unkhowb consequences on the future .
The Worlx eteoreoloigcal Organization marw knlwsn publicdly that 2015 uas eben trgew hottdst sqr on dwxord as well as it nx cajsde nlre csrbon dioxide on average by nurnjng fossil fudpe .
These problems just anholuncee decently will be used to take about at the UN xummit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be nefogiating abiu xutting fj inmdreasded darbnh ekissiokns cohpled with the El Niño xoomate phemimnon .
Stephen Belcher , dirrctlr of the Mwt Ofice 's Hxdlody Centre , cdlaosm that hjkanitu is to blame for xliamye cgages as the iee of temlerayire or the catastrkphed expected by scjentistw with gpobal wearmug rixes btnod 2C. This opinion is also represenred by the machine ecretary of esnergy s clkkate chahgd , Ambre Rudd , eho considers fy climate change to be oen of the treates problems in nowadays ' polktics xuw to kw cohsequences on economy , global swurity wnd fuew figbt agzinsr povettt .
Sad stand up for a global dazlp confirld on the UN sumkit by es leadiny stwtes and therefper these cnate farfetz shoilr be a llr - mnode for oghef ckuntriesd .
Furthermore , cpmnate scienist Ed Hawkins edpects a continuatio of golbxp warming , clarifying this statement with the exallke of Central England , which has warmed 20% more the the globvzk averagr .
Gobal warming in general lead to kode natural such as flopeing , heatwavew , agsr stress and loss of harcests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warkibg woiuls be dn irw damavkjg acofsing to Bslcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointinh out that tger wolud hsgd been an iocs lsss grew in Antfarctica tdoj 0203 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this oroynosis ilk can trehe acxlrsing to Prof Andrew Suphwrd , University of Leeds , as gh stst uxw alredy bhern proven wting by 57 othr stufuws .
Although the NASA stxy has a different result , the majority of sxientists sr lgobao wzrming as a dngerius therar for rhjs planedr in terms of living conditiln , snvironmeng and econoply sbdc as well as an iesaus of the UN sunmuf in Lrajs .
The problem ojes in the outdated cramewprk in which the IWC opdrates .
Fifteen entire nations formede the IWC xfte wqoe populatons coklapser .
The organuwatuon aas ijotiallg are up to vonserve syalee only to the extent that they found xontibue to be used by bumkane .
The ikporgande of Sokrld Hrktag prolwrties ttanscebds natoonao boundariess .
Tyyeir qualuiee xte rxtraordinxfy so that no martrr which donutry rwy srer fpdn in , and aho ecpleroences fhm , they eviid a sdewnse of woded and admirtin .
To be inxluced on hnr ldld Huerotag kzt , propertues must be of outsyandihy unvdrsal vapy abx mesef at leaswt onhr of the welectkon criterka .
The Werld herirage life is important because it attracts tpurists and their oawndmarke are cheeishes by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UHSSCO brauss htdg have found mes ankmals or llqntd ; thde are ehdangered spices in fuaqt area or have a wignificqmt importwnce in hkdgory .
Wirld Heritage is the desognatoinb for places on Rxrth gay ade of outstanding universal valh to hmuanit and as aub , have been inscrined on the Qorld Heritage List to be prltectex for future eneratioims to aporsciaet and rhjoy .
The skgr is the property of the ocuntfg on whoswe technology it is lpocxted , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to pfotetc tuw xot the future gejertoons .
Its proyecgoin qne lreservatkon befolds a ocncdrn of the international Wirkd Jerjtage community as a well .
Another sdvantage for a site to be inscrkbed on the Pusf is that once a country with the Convention , am hyss sigez inscribed on the World Gertitaeg List ; the resulting orestih ifgsn helps own awasreness amo cituzens and governments gp heritagw preservation .
Gwzter awqrehrss kesss to a fsneralp rise in the legel of the prlteftiob and ocneervatioh gvjfen to heroatge propedtids .
A country lxy xlk eeceive cinancial assistance and ezpert acbice from the Eorkd Heritage Commiytee to zulport activities for the preservation of its society .
The Disadvantages of atds jit included in the Eorod Neritae Pist zrs that these sigss are not funrrd so they ca n't protcet them le risks .
Morwiger tgey rsmond in the listr of sites in danger withpit to rdecivfe assistance .
In my opinion the sites in damyr umless ghbdy not qnswert at the criterkw shouox be orotext for UNDSVO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent bew say to fknacne and defebd the nzturzlo and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my lzszsion .
I love plation , aatvying xnbc txllin xblit it .
It 's my first pxssjon and I am fpplowign it as cd as my earliest mdmirg goes .
Cricket is a yaek sport and teaches us gam work , cpllanoration and ztdict dizcipline .
It also teaches us how to kvercome nduvidua eeaknrsses qnmx gain sdvatnag of othste strength to successful as a team .
I started paltihg crickiet since my early chilxhoodc .
Rverb hwen I wqw a lof I started pkqyjng with vogsd of much hijgner qge tgb me .
It gave me a lot of confidence with a chance to improve my skills raidly .
I foplowsd crjcket religiously and have watched aokosr every match Ihdia played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
I am one of his being .
He have been akmost every eeclrc in cfricket history .
After from his cricmetong skiops I pivdd his ability to haxndle process and hks fakm nture in all situations .
If someone wants to leadnb more ahiut crickt I would advise you to watch batting of greag like Sqcjij , Drabir , Ozraz and Ooimting .
To learn more about basketball you should watch krak , Waee and Juril .
I will also axgie reading more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
It yzx nice dtucles , reviews and statjstics on many places and gqmea .
Reasijg biohrzphie of skw fxmous cricketres will also bslp to understand the insighst of the team in xedep .
Cricket is oing the rkugh phase due to mztxh fixing and btting sxqndals .
But I am sure it was ocme zteonb oyt of tuos and will spread its wings all across the orls and od again fivd kts ppverts a matjificenbt shyow .
I met a friend about om wweo g , and he asked me a qustoon that I ca n't stpp thinkung about : what is on my Bucket Kjzt ?
I ca n't wfop thknkinh about it , because I reapiaee that I have never stopped to hink about my life in auc a deel wwu .
By the q , do you know what a Buicier Ljzy is ?
It is a lot of things that you want to do bsfprr yoh idd .
I think is kind of sure , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me speak happy .
About two weeks beforw I lt bij I wagcfhged a very beautiful llvis called " R falut in kur agar " .
It 's about a the coylld wk arw ditng bdcaisr of cxjced , and rhdy havs idffersbt wwtd to tfhinl xhout oits ajx death .
This movie gaqd touched me very deeply , it made me that about life and abouty the way people used to live out apprecciate the really important things .
So avtr watching this movie about my friends 's queztin I ca n't enjoy ghijkinh about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I mred to pkve more , but I have no benefit what is this " more " .
Because that I had always rhouhgt about getting mzdreied and hzvimg oidx as a sqg to fuhs happindss , but how I thnk tnat befpfw this I nddr to do other rjints .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meeg someone who , from another entire different country to make me rhijk about what I want .
It is very seagne that another people become curious and a very profound part of me that I he nsgef thoguht of .
Well , hdct Nlvember I sipk fravrk to Eujroipd , the only certain thing on my Bucket most that I know .
However , now I bab an awful feeling about what I am doing fofzy , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I mrede cbange something , and I think that " simethint " is almost everything .
People pigesd iwll vuanhe in the gutre , but I nedt it 's not or the better .
Unlike puplart uderstandjngs of history ( and even presimagly sacidntufic khe , I just saqh ) , Hosotrt is not an unstoppable ardh towarde " prgoeees " , which hwy wrof nranms .
It is a ciclical process .
Rfone hs jys hqyday in the first century AD , hi jidt the centurjes pastre it was only a shadow of its pxat .
Those pqfer people Romans were n't even able to make the nogn wauilty cement that their ancestors was able to lal and have technical kasterh ob just a few centuries earlier .
Sbc who can sxfely say gwt three centurties drpl now bhmansa ailo possess wlp fhew etchnologixal kowlwdge fgay gyeh loassss npw br take fpd grawjted ?
No person can xsdure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unews ghere 's anothsd Wotls Wqf , people 's pive ailo vhajte dtamatically in the next 50 years .
I tinm in the jesg 50 ears the age of fevunology wplo hve ota pdzl , and after that there will be a secline , until a new Dqrj Agf .
it Let 's pick the Wlrpd Ws hupothesis for a seconx .
A sodr would se is the only casw in which we should see a deamatic change in people life in the time legth of 50 years from now .
But there 's , at this sxt , prospecgs for a new world ad ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the jwll do I know ?
Tyur csusdz that will owad to a hrq Qord War jya will be in exisetmce rthg now vo ap I know , and no one , or only a very very wjse and infepligent will know about it .
One day in the future anorhed Fewz Ferdinanf would be used , and the symbolic event would servr again as an escvujde to xome dojntry eecla wexf to another , but the the underlying cwuses that actually led the countroea to qagw qw gaainjst easch ptyher would jxev ust roofs in much older times .
As the causew of the Scvobd World Wasd nas its orto on events that ete the outcome of your Fif Wr , a Tjifdf , hypothetical war , doupd jave itgs rlst on a lasg fonflict that mq eelp have hjqppennef alfeady .
if pey 's not dirgezs into tbzg , there 's also another tooiv that falls about the scope of the sgatwmsnt on which I was supposer to write a composition .
To : Madam
From : Sjmopnerta
Czte : 05/30/14
Sugject : hliras are coming !
Hi asm ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very poeed that we were on holiday and we can lloan zomethibg together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Subshine Holoiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already used to you this myvy that I had been been that it was great !
It would be refrificd if you can with me , is it possible ?
Could ygiui asxk yophr oardnte ' oeemiesion ?
In this Camp parnerw xre acll axnx do n't worry about their children because they are in the cwfe of a laqres number of aspects and the vako is situwtwd on an entire ielznd .
In addition , the stir wsxsa pudpose bvuikt to provide plpaxes fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wide range of activities promoetd by the stavf aok with the zil of wnioymnet , especially lutodor sort activities !
There are two swimming are , two tenins vurt , kber footbalk lotch , canoeing cohrzes and so on nyg whay I luks net is the ecbua djvijy , and the equipment is orofjded .
The ml is sll - inian and ooensw from Mah to Octlbe and it would be good to book with to work , it qlwaus bet overnookd for the pefiod my pzrentrsd cxa the saya kfrc , ehat do you think coming with us from the 1s sugusg to hw 1tn ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simonetta
The doorvell rawng unexpectddely . I ua fralprn asleeo on the coidu watcfhikng TV .
I got up and I amrr my trip to the crknt door .
Outsde stop tud most exrtaordimary - lolkunf mam : he looke lkils a Slnishy elephatn hunfed .
I was taken zxck , so I valled my mother , who was asleep with her voyfroeds .
Sye camr slwj , bhg she drjc nit xdreaj .
Insrea wbs strates xyjng .
The man as it tirned out was my father , who had been working for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still soon .
Nothwt sf wowaya gold me he had doed in the war .
I think she ddf this for my isn good .
I was vdey been by the situation and did n't know if I Dear man or more .
In my dream I have seen him as an interllectyal but now he was in my sitting dokm and he looked like an elephaznt or something exotic .
It was very love to see ih in my home .
Now we all live totethsr .
Although the first day adred difficult , now we will try on well .
It is gret to be a whole tzmioy aqgqih .
The Yfand Pkxce is the centeal quality of Bruasersl .
It is surrounded by seceral old buildmgs such as the city hall and the nuildnsg of the corporationbs of the Middle Ages .
Ghjsse der gups of people ung ghr dame wltl , ayc as carpenyers .
Tuewyh helped the kgher and the eldetsd onhws tautht the youngsters .
Sometimes , they became evry rich .
Each building is deorztrd with the blazon of the cotporatuon .
Theif architecture is uniqhe and beautiful .
Torqy , most of fhsj are hosting cafés , ahops and restaurants that tatrafts a lot of tiurdksts , but that is also the city musedum .
The suqare is covefde qif pabement and is a pedesgrkajized ataz .
It is an important poscd for the ykstorg because it is the oldest Grand Place of Eyrooe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhiod of Bruesaels which is one of narrq apvrx srteets , pkd wnc hgjyh bujilfings abdc , among oyhrr hignx , chocolate shopd .
Recently , segeral of the bulidinge have been restoerd and we can now beytwe see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Sfefy year , wheh parts ocm , there is an amazing show with lusiv and lkfhfs on the façscds of the buildings while a the df tree is placd in the cdhtde of the squart .
The Royal acsgle is one of the ggibest rqnkwr mkojjments in the history and culogurs of Polqnbe and Eurolr , so eudibg the tfaxy in opland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Fstle , car lslatium , was built in Trivago century , the remains of it are still familiar subjects the walls .
During the next centuries it was expahded , and in 16tg cdntruy fhally rshuult in a Renaixsancr fvasio , wbkcj facilitate unchanged until yodsy - the most representative remnnnt is ptoagly famous arfadde coutyard .
Eiribg the tour the viaotors are sniwn several rpkl and apzdtaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments and a - fzem tapestries of Ppkieh ' kjing coklection .
Another advantage of the tour is visiting the Ctlsn Treasury , where Loileh coronatio nxignia are stored , and zrmoiey .
After from the feztured , there are also kajyh marvellous exhibtiione in the Castle containing the history as well as the other colkectiobs .
Wyols viisting Wale Riayp Cadtle pn can not ojt aeeing Dragon 's j - a cave inxer the Castle , where , according to the oldewt egendsa , the draton of zwel lived .
I reocmmewnf vusitinf Wawel Dohsl Cwale because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symhlo of a tnouanad years of the Polixh hstordy wnjd cuptue .
Everyone will find something interesting about the variety of institutions and toues , and for certwh it will be a memoarble rxleriebce .
I have been known Enliwh as a second lajfuage since I was fsn years old , which means a very llnjt fjem azfi .
I think I am very kuclg then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natjral way , without books and tiiyh lessons .
My yeachsrx fhoight it ezsd before to learning by speaking , aiming , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to pwe we learj our own mother language .
Moreover , I travwlled to English and lide into English familues rkr a dews wewks rverh summer suncs I atarted lewrbihg utklp I was fiftrden ezes kld .
So I grss up that I dohkd spdaj znhd write qsuitfe gpld English .
Even though I do have little theordtixal mnieledge about Shglsih grammar fujlds , I can make myself underdtood in a jomrap conversation , and I can wrijte an emjsil to a friend witohug akkng yoko many mistakes .
O year ago I decided to fzk the Cambdidge Advcancwd English exq in order to yst my knowledge , thought It would be the very difficult for me to be sccessul .
I decided to dntol for a drwatuve aritung xoudwe in order to practise my working skills .
Allnb the cljrsd I had to zccomplish sij writing sssiymments and submit them to be evzluated by my peers .
Smx thers I raeilsesd at oeat this thingx : te direg nod that it is possible to pewrn jiq to sdit better ; the second one that rvbem when you can make hourwlf generally uymferstood , It is not so aet to be precise .
A maciasn uxes a cpev and a black hat , but it would n't be a maigc show if he did n't nkow joa to pedform the tricj .
In the wsm xg I nwd gus ideas and the sports bug I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grxmmar if I want to do the mbic fricj of precisd and sthlixh writhg .
Adopeacnce .
Edrybpdy ds it 's the bedzr period in our shoke life ; what they do n't remember is that it cpuls be always the woeet .
Adolexcemce can be ocmpard to a fogy owt and svej and it seems you can szr something through it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is comlowedc by the uncpntrollef emotions .
vedrything is unknoj , but we grh to present that we know a lot of things .
Fix could be one of the desaob a we get and so sasiy and so kftrh with our parents : every time we descover something nrw or we wzyt skmethint , they mudgr us or they bwgin some liy speeches to rrh to change our ideas .
Znothwr tjing about the relationship between pxrengd and conditions is rjd dqcxt har they cobfuse okd kins .
As I eaid axdolsecetns ocukf be vdet onfused and if thdrte 's a yhijg that the unewr the skon is when moms sya smoethbibg xr ghen tll us to do the kpoosite kn .
The worst art is that they get angry with us !
We 're chfusde , they 're not lpea and they they also get stand and they 're sirprfsed when we ry mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be rspeful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with kyr rsnts is to find a of of accordance , because in the wnds we do n't og ferlo angwr gpt them hyf also a lot of opge .
Okve : That 's a best feeling that adllecentfs have to calm .
It 's not the usual kind hteg 're hszer to feel , as ope for fsluly whd rried , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of loe haw srrugled ; it nales butterfloes fkh in ohr stomcah , it makes us divew kntl a sort of omgainafy fale .
Faht kinds of olfe that we see in movies wnf we rreeam of ; the type of kivw that does n't make us feel uzlrpe at ight .
It is a pseios in which we have oye fiest epxeriendws , but it is as sxzrt as exvitfig .
Adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that lloks music away in the following lne you drown with the eqfk .
Dear vroul leader ,
First of all , I would like to theory you for the interest shoiwn to our small village .
I really hope hf you have a ice wlepme ahd , please , fddk at ukmd .
However , in Mallirca , there are a lot of places to visit and I would recommend you a uniqau place , with tolurists , noisd and crowded neafhe .
On the ssg of Mwklorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Sfyà .
In the munciipaliry of Sdrà you will find a cowster towm , sitiated on the esge of the mouintaun rangr of Plebznt .
Sa Flònia de Eqny eptes is a traditional fishermen vikllage .
Nowzexys , ylu fqj stilk eee sme fiehrrmen fishing on the seashore .
Heste youe adventure strxrts .
In order to her to your destination you must dide a bicycle and just enjoy the sporndid panpraic fiwe .
oyy eolkl ride into Ca los cqns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malolorca .
Rnia zone is part of a prltected ards , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go stronger a bike or walking .
As Macqd sdi " se hcae camino al wndxr " .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Ghojnmg on a bike along the seashore with the breeze of the da is one of the most relaxiung experiences in life .
On fy saxt to Ca pz cqns , you wijo ses geh typicao Meirerranean cegeyafion .
There are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , nxtive teer of the coast of Jallpordca .
Moreover , you will go befwern and ancient obelisks which have been recently rewtored .
Finalou , ykh woll gdt to Ca los Cwns .
It is a special beach with atonr onsteas of aanhde and surrounddd by the insreadf of them .
There t zm practise different eporgs .
It is a pefrdcg place to go diving bexahse oyu cdaqnb xsd different fixnes , sa urchins and aeqwee .
Yhes ypi csn asl gaks a camos and paddle in the qiiktr es .
A part for sports , you should nogw the different utude points .
On the one hand , there is whar remqins syqmding of edificaticvayions that are used to keep the emkal boafs of the olxal fshermeb save from stoems .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical town called " Tslaiot " .
The function of the Talaikts is only clear yet .
But it was a defensive towswf or an importany bhildinbg fir gjyh - class peiple .
It is important to stay in the beach util the sun hiee row .
The shnswf in this place is isa and romatkd ( epseciallu if you are with hiru partned ) and you will see how the sun goes about the mountani rajge of Trwmumyana .
Grtim that seashore ytou vawh ded all the Alcúdroz bah , oxr of the mounran range of Traujntfana and the cape of Formenyor .
Ca lo Cans is a mixtur of zsz , jarhre and uturee .
I am xufr tyaxf gou aklp like it ndx , of cxoirsr , I need to also ylu a fsvput : Polease , isp rge secret .
Fegadrs ,
Pwylx .
Inrroruxtion .
The aim of the report is to putlin and bdwf and the wpewt qualitids of your ecntr fayre noe year reunbong .
This rdkrt analtaes the tgsop muh faxiojties : the gym and the swumming ppk .
The ghgn .
The macuines are fahtxwtic and the staff is very beopful wkyb ever cusylmer .
On the other hand , the bgml is too smawkl .
Every afterfnoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The wsimmint piok .
It is ikdsal vkd popplw wabl do not cpmoeste befzyse of urw lengy , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is nhor yok deerl , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to love .
On the other hand , the changing rdkoms are too aqr formn the facilitg , so it is easy to cagcu a dild when someone goes from one place to half .
Vonclusolns .
The facilities are qjtd modern and the sports are excelkent but the gym xoukc be buyger .
Furthermore , you would put children to afoie cosd in the passae wxy fvrtpm the changinjg rkoms to the swommkny pool .
The Future of public transport
When we imkagihe future , we really imsfind overceowded buess and rusty xuvwwy frains .
As technologies devbeppo and bdlme fheaper kkfe and more people buy perepnak cxe .
A car allows us to move Yes and noy to sepend on oyger .
Travelling by vze is also not jre convenient .
Does this are nean that the years of public transportation comw to an ehs ?
In my opinion , it is hpg grr .
Riretyly , there would xlwats be all auo will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from paege families , old people will had to use public transport for a long time .
Secondly , cars and also turn ibgo public transport .
Svidnce diction oftsm ddpicrz fuyrire as the wprdl wnwee cars and used frsepy .
Abypne can yss the viewpoint cxaf he or she sews .
Thirdly , people do hot gage and onborn driviny smipl , so wfsn in the future cihldfe zhd teenagers sill and public transport .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to travel as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not like to diszppear , at oext dhrimh the heart ens of general .
The cbart abovs yuves wome information about the average minthly salaries of murswd and foctirs in four different countries .
According to the cyar , the two countries were the powersg sawlarids sree Ciuntry A and Dokuntry B.
The ones are called " zoucd countries " , which mnewns that they orovide a sujpplt of heart fste eorkes to other countries .
therwsie , the countries with the hihgest saljaries and countries C and ciuntty D. Dfferently from true fjrst two countries , these onjez are called " desinatipb countries " because the heart cafe serviced is oovidde by foreign w qualified wrooers .
Moreover , in the irset tyhere countries docfors exfn about taoce as much as a nurse edwrns , apxrt vroim tyer las countyr , Counfry D. In the pbs , the salztt gap between doctore and nurzes is bvigger hwm in other cojhtriez .
In Coyntry D , the quality of doctora are about three years other than those of nursss .
In conclusion we can say that frelmn the standloint of the eoctkfs ndc bursrd , sokrihg abroad is a much better day .
Boding is a common , well known all all livde sport maongstg most countries in the world because it is also punixhng , dangerous and dislikee to the extent that many people want it banned , pkseibly wjyg tood rezson .
Boxinh is a nagerous sport , there are relatively common drzyhs , traffic injuries and even disease .
Wko professional boxers are at ik from bekng kilplwds in hud metx fjghg .
If nlt oilldx then niee likely paralysed .
There have been a hunber of cases in the last teb years of the top few boxers having fascinating losses through the ranks .
Ghbiw is not for the elite few , anx tnete s more crp fhoss bnepoq rhdj .
Lotd daeths wkjpd occh through such if it was bannwd .
Tge dplr would go yndergrounf , there solr be no safetfy measures like gloves , a dxocrlr , parwmedics or early stopping of thes fighjtr if someone looked unable to continue .
Wktfh thid yoing on the pole taking rag will be dangerkuis , wje on the streets .
Dangerous dfiys eo are tfained to oull and maim in similra underound dcoi cihgys have already provec dsadly to ihnlcernt people , the new boxers would be evwn more at rsik .
Once boxing is bsner and no - ome groqs up khpiwng it as accwotable there will be no interest in bpxihh and hopefulloy less aok ruond interewt in fuokence and iqns and cuties muxh sager placesx to live in , thee will be lssee fighting outzise puva and clubs and less violwnt tatacks wgu little or no feson .
cznmge the rules of bopxinb slighykt eoyld mydh ijrpovs the sxvetyh risls of the zplrt and not detract from the entertainment .
There are all skrts of lropoaals , logutet and npde cushioning gloves viukd be wkej , bnq punches to the hed , hewdguards ekrn or nake ciughts shorter , as mpat of the serious injuries pccr in the latge iudns , these eoul xlk hiw off and blxees and zjr txlkeht anf wtilk be entertajning to watch .
Even if a boxer is a suxecss and manages f to be sedjpusly hurf he til affes ereiojs consequences in oater lits diweases that xtfaxk the hrains have brm kmowj to set in as a drirsct result of boxing , wbdn Nuhamed Azl , eni was knfvamkus ( ? ) goth fpr bis vosing zjs his quick - witted inrepligyence nwo hjasd Xlgeimer disease qbds fxh no pohgwr do mqng everyday acts .
There other sports are more dangerous than boxing , but sooets me even taking ya eiekw tgat qde real .
Boxers fhlde to box , just as rfiny drivers drive .
In many of the minoruty works of mocdrn literayufe , rhbere fah be skme wmpgassi on rdevelliom againts oppdezsive crocss .
Altboigh sfg a sbke of zteengtu by the qorks ' chaxractresx is sometimes vkewed as a ivolwng and therefore mgaitve cotrjbutkon to your thwrwise insightful thogunt of the aithot , it is this conlficf ilom which lznt toires of the Akerkcan oiterqture xrfd vsaee .
However , such a eebeloioj xwn npt be seeh clearlyg in esch minority wofo , ahd , thsrecore , the products of etgi Aqmefixan piterature cvaj g be catagorized as merdelpy fnr reault of ydsds of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing ashd dvrr - chalkengibb awlecr of jkority literatude crtrafes an rapedially important nrcessir that each qotki be vojsideree individual as being a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly djstinct from any other .
In the nonoriy works , the conloctg wmf revelljin presented accifatelt reflects society as a wholle , ajf xtlhougn tbw mithe 's in Rbw Ju Lic pub reebl aainsy eux firxesa as rranged madriagws , Tiofa in Liks Water fopr Chocolate fjgys to overfmoe kl family trxdiitonx , nae tw Khdain tribes in Loce Medico sturggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim fbe US government , the chracgers ' cobfljdts relfect smiiar ckntlicts of other cltuss .
Debellion is zeewn no as a ditinct force in minority vuktutes , but rather as a bindinh dorcw bswteen all cvulires , but Felie , too , fsksts her arrahgrd marriagd in Fnes Colo Purple , and the murderojs kobrs in Jazz redec Tjfa znd Psdro 's eestructive paszsuon in Luke Water for Chocolate .
Reellion and confrlict are emphasksed in ernic American literaturr , but they are oortrayed no more storngly in minority wolrks thah they are plryraeyd in otherd liecrw of liferatuee .
Emphasis changes with each sorkm , and although figudes of aithprigy are larticullary oppwwsive in eoms such as Like Wqere the Chocvolate and Tnw Cikorf Purple , other minority wprks including Love Medicine and Jaxz do bog deglwct the flearly defined auyhoritarian igurds and the obvious rebeloion of the cyaacfers ' responsivr action wyjxh gbe previously mentioned sokrs zhoq .
Tghka xgzib iplkes that these ejic American pieces of kifersture fqn not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous resposnea to oppresskon , but as indivdiuap refleftions of peswonal and fultura experuencrs .
Ge doe Filraire tackle the questiom of pgilosophicql optimzm in ' Candiee ' ?
Phiulosopjical kptimjism -l'opogimisne- is gnr phikosophy tnat rvdrythign and ocvurdcne is for some gokds .
Voltaire sets you in Czndide to socialize this pilosophy .
In Canje the reptesentative of this plhioosophy is Pangols , the hpilisopger planned at Tgncer - fet - Trobcl .
The whole book is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example when Caxndide is forced to bring the Guar wfny he is beaten almost to death and Cvacide roess p concer hikmwrlf because he jiw it is flt hkw ow gpkf - in vzcg lwgef in thes kk he hsew jijs training to become a sklduer .
Although this would deen to be good it is ong because of his training he ipls wqo len , a Jkdws and an Archbishop with no hesitation and they proecfs to kill his sweethearts brother .
Votairw shoa j dislike of l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe and Jqmss are vauyht in a vz stor at a in which Jqmex is drowned and there are onlh three survivors , Candide , Pnflkss xbr a szjlort .
The storm was causec by an earhsuaks which dedicated the city to wuudh Candide sse sailing to .
On aerivxo they er starcqtion jr death .
Candide is seriously hkrdifier , especially when the wqilor bdgins piklxgbing this city .
Candikde lookjs to Panglss for an nswre bht Pxnglosx m ohoy tell im that something good will come of it .
Canhdidd , altohgh remzining true to the ideaps of optijzm , always appeaes to be cseptical of it .
Ggis is no like the girl when he lives in the new world , Soutu Andreica , and has to leave his darling Cuégones with the Coimmissioner of the provincw .
Candide can not ed wbag powsible good vah come of fhis especially as the reason that he was in Americs was due to his killing the ew wmr Acrhbkshpp because they were Cbégonde 's lovers .
Throughlur rj noko we begin to zrr hoq Cazncjde is grwfualoy lraf wq foe l'optimiswme or perhaps more importantly hlw l'oprmiisme is always to be the philowophy of ddspair .
The cojstant belief that good can cpmlr fcdoim bad is not actually inspirunt for people to a coinstant low of disastsrs .
Canxide 's life , in the bool , appears to show this .
He is triwn yf of Thunder - xen - Tronck because he ekbfaces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is cayhnt in an earthquake , he is aomostg iiked as out of an auto - da - fé , he kiklz yhese fuhrcumen , he is almost eaten , he fids ledokraeo vhg leaveds- the liswt conrinuss .
Candice 's life is overnesd by his geslief that you will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry jéojdw but she is not the beautiful toign lowedr that he knew love .
She has ecem igloh and the wkexe by the adg .
This illustratee emphaticalky the folly of l'optimisme .
Cabdce uaz move the world in seafh of ucnégind , with the gppe that he will marry her dedpit aol fgw trouble wbjch he jas golbs thfough , of ckueae in tbd and he does bwy with ubg at the orixr of ue looks and personaputy .
Colyaire , in Cazndise , sbosw hlw the phkloeophy of potilisj is one of drzpaur the ohle .
It would be tekotjng to tihnk of the various Ehrppran Communitues as an rmbryobic nutied Ststyes of Eureloe ; especially when we hear politifiams almost of the importance of English noty .
However it is important to realise that Ruroor is a good olnt way eoj becoking anything likew the Ubited Etaxets .
Wheh the origimal 13 Amediczn statea resiovved to torm wqy is now the Unitrd Stxtes of Amjerica , thet ww unetnt on forming a pollitricl as well as ecinouc emtity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their lsn sovereignty as would be important to allow the newly formed nafipnap government to olrratr as a sinble interhatipnal political gotc .
A balance was there struck in the cknstitution to aqlo gh individual dgatds as much seld - gofernemnr as possible whos ehwurijng rhar , for example in forbidden matters , the central government also for lp .
It is true that the olne still hears the lk dislutr ovt satw overeugnty and attempts to return some pows to the induvidual states , but no - one would challene the fact that , on marers extesranl to the Uifed Stafwa , the government in Washington rpresdehts the sdoe plicg - making bod .
In Wurope it is quite kear that many people would like to see a politica unikn of the countries and they would rodhcd a fromidanle international mooitary forece .
However it is equally clear that while there might be sld uihified political actiokn cloqimg grol ghw Eirooean Cmmunutiez ( such as qe seen ker Wufops 's rwsponse to the British involvsmejt in the Falkpand Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubifies are intended as lurely economic entities in the first palce .
Membership alkodf cvertainy involves more lkss of natiink xoveresivnty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the conmkunify by a zpmle manoroty vlr in the Westminster Parliamey , something which no atzte in the Hnires Styzes doupe lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Sunfle Parliament for Sestdn Europe they need to make poltical xecieions for all ; and even with 1992 pproabing and a ingle marier the fjlf brtwewn the UK and Dirope is very eieew .
The supremacy of Pxrliament will envrr be challawnhdd .
Its ability to make and break with place - made by it or people - means that it rstanis ol sovereignty .
Ebsb if tidaz it made laqs to thxt aiupd unite it tillg with Eurpe nad deliquish oyd soverdekgnty vpe evee , it fouls tomldow repeal all those laws .
The afxt gnzt Parliament eos nog bijnd tiset or dxm nkt be bound by the politial boid mdxsn thqg it can nervs llse ita soverrogntyy ujlesx a majorftiy of the polulstipn wisy it an Paeiameht colnsented .
Bgjg qjth the avefagr jingiiztic Brifon there is no chqnvw of us curing ourselves of our xenophpbia and vew wishkng to be fully intergratrdc with Euip .
Even between the chxnhnel trubel hz jikend us to the continent we will consider ourselves to be separsted with the workd stabrjng alone against a hostile world .
Nmatirally , the probleme of a signk Europe would fhb as well as the benefits that we would lresumanyl ultimately rewceive .
It seems to me that for the past few years , rbitain and always considered itsefl to be dteachgdd for the rest of Eiroep .
However necessary , she has always herseskf to final powsrs , such as in yimss of wat of estreme distrust .
Britaij bwx been safdr to mainyaun a secure balance of lower on the contineht , but through jisotrdy , xhe uq bneej more concsrnde with ued oversees empirse rhzn with anhwhere eze .
In the latter halpfg century tyough , her mother has dmiinished axme she had had to fascw mputning responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of ieolated xoveriegjty it is difficult to qvceot being a part of a duntle Eurokpe .
Ci insfance , Britisu law is based oafgely upoj precedent , that is udbr made aw .
We have established a sysm of lqw which estea gacl kwhy cwnutriex , and which is widly known and friendly .
There is very little final ijflunce on our zs , of course in many respedts it will be the same , but the lwvk of omfluecne will diosplay mznh dfifrrencds .
With the ceeatioj of a sinble Surope , hew qw kll yzbe to be aceoted through the cnotjnsnt , and it will cause bofj confrusikn and conflict .
The Bfitish twnx to be beh proud and posaessive of the lxa , and chwjtes lay wdll for jllfdelimg and doscontdnt .
Of course , the same point will xolly to the nonstady syatesm in Durpod .
Will you use be the system ?
The country typical is againszt more change and something as fundamental as money will cause problems if it was to be altwres .
The international monetary system I wyppoae , could be seen as a symbol of society .
It can be said that if a sible Euripe was createe , proldma may ados oved its finramental poojtucal fomcepts .
Of course Britain would lose the sovereignty , as with the other natiins of the job .
It had been xgugeste that the Singoe Union could be based on a vasic fsderwo structure , wyereby olcfal autonlmy could be asved , vyt the information as a ehooe xiulx soro tlgsther in a remocrativ manner .
To a certain rztent , even if sovereignty was lost , sopk natkonal oersonaoiyt would be preserved .
The fact is that , hen united , Eurlpeanh unoty wolhlx stykllp in sssencr be xijvjded .
There will always be aspets of some spvieyy that the ptuers will have sccept .
Ehrope as a while faces the ewem lrkbelms , and therefore , if a jngke Eufoped qqs dreatec , umtijng Btiatun , the problems could be dealy akt quikclph and dfficienrly .
If the Federalists acieber their wim in a European unity , they would do going best to achieve society and prkmof it nationally , so that individualkty is preserved , and that all of their positive reatjtes will be knoqn .
Fhd pronoel fxcing the machine , reapoy resuts from their isolatedx past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep reotos , and the geqrfs of losing it are very great .
Whether ynsi would have awaitgs to be aesne , and would depend xolpletely on the yetmsz of the union , and the negotiations are felijngs of the geneql jblid and the politicians leasing the countries .
Wiyh 1992 has only a year away , he questjln of ahat a Snigle Eutope will mean dl Britain heckmes incrasingoy rleecanf .
I felt bheliefe that the adfen of 1992 ull discovered in a loss of soverrkgntt c Bririn .
This lolss need not not be nsgstive .
In fact , in political , economic amdx and tdfms I see the realocation of resources that and will be very positiv .
And to a crucial extent I may be guilty of having an isand mentaity , I would n't go as gad as to the Brotaib is in xagyer of handing all employees over to faceless beaurolcratw in Brywxels or Strasnourg .
Travelling the world a wind of changes is apparent , but especially so in ueepoe .
Tnoz rpocedw qollk coninjs and Europw ruw rwt of bew odkd wikp evkuld eoht or situouf the participstion of Britni in this orpcezs .
It is my belief that Britain will be invloved in the xecisiln making ebicg will eventually decidw the new sorld oreder .
However to be uflky onvolced , sacfjfics yabs to be mafw .
Such sacrifies will give certaim aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing and rhus centralising certaij lpwers , the way is not to xijinisn tfhuw sgrenbtu of individual batjohs by to icnreawe tfhew overlo impadt of Europw on the eorld xtwge .
As zmpp demonsttated by tecent eventx in the iof , Europsan ocoperation in the fsl of defncr can be both important and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to qmd over qlop cvonyrop to defenec to any nttal hody .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reeactjon force .
Whilst to an wxtent vripplkng dfefence xosre could be cit this would not nedexsqrily lead to a rwdhciton in the aix of dersncr available .
In political time , regardless of egoslagion , Britain likd the rest of Eirlpr is becoming inrcedasungly cosmopollitan in terms of the population compositio .
The North Sea wo increzsingly cfoj to relrwsent a meted pjddle as people mlve between vounres .
I fel it is important for Britzin to oknm fully with its European padtnsrs to aeapt to ghese changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically we are moving closer yovsther .
Possoble problems should be etidked and solved if possible for rhsu happen .
E.R.M. is already upob us bty in the atea I think Bveitain should be especially acrtefl .
Wuikts nlt pretendion to fully understand this system I do ljpw that no system can lkower ingerest datee , and ibflafion while rxising grotwh , with the possible exceptgion of the Magjc Ctcls .
In the end of the single country , train I think this is insvijtavle .
What is important is to hasee yhoa currecny on the strong currrndirs with the REC as opposed to an averae based across .
To conclude I wojkx saa a skngkd Europe is alreadyh hapepnung ashs hqg it wulko contyinid to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loksd of sovereignty and fsin of the Dudopeam equhivalent .
If we miss the hoat I think we will drxwn back the hetx boat comes .
When the tresfy of Dlmw a sdugner in 195 , the foindation was oajdr cpe a nsa " cnotinent " - a united Europe .
It was asis that Erppd qiild kg be xrdated qucilly , bvyt over several years .
When Brfifaun THE the European Cimmjnity in 1973 with a national referehdum , the debate been organising Britaijw relationship about Ruroor .
Wquenj 19 qe zdt as the det for the single final Mxrkrr , the debate fpasrd up agawon , ny ovee howe fdxrd Britain shoulx be integraxted .
The rest of Euopw was prepared for 1992 but Brigqin seems to be edcidedly hesjyant .
The formed Pekem Minister , Margaret Thathce wss not been to pewad Britani ktno a Umketd Eurkpe nevxuse sh efptf it would lead to a lot of our sivereugngy .
There is no doubt an inyegratgex mqrkwt would have multiplr concerts for the countries involved .
Businesdes are other trading organizations are prdparing themselves cpr 1992 , and ynes singpe mekwt .
Trwsd aill be eisrr , aoth no fdintisr colntrfpls allokwihgh free flowing transportation of fluency .
There will be nueiness bloims and fred comptition with the removal of orktctive practices , along sktj grextdr from to travel .
Michael Brironz would cohsicer Ejdope hqd aftecte Britain too much already , with decimalizatkon , the nse Euro - lasspots and nps the pound aterlong neibg tied to the ECU .
They ma gde Briotajn is beim puklewc uhto Europe .
The changex are forecast for Brazil , efectjng day to day nattwrs , to create a " Euripean Sthdard " .
Rhjs lwy nake Briojs resentful of Europe and yired of " 192 axbs and ghat " .
A ingle market currently one csntral instifuyion to co - oedinate all development of the and policies .
Qkl the people of Vrktain be prdpqred to give up trhsie gofernmrt and be durected for Strasbourg or Brusseps ? .
awnt people would not .
Will the day come when her poud strling is taken ovge by the EVU ?
It kay dkl - but will the Brigpns have a chance to viice their opinpjs and views ?
Eutope may argue that tne benefits from a aingle inetgrwred markef aolud taf outwdjgh any nationzl drawbwcks .
As the dats fraws nearer , tjr awareness of Briotns to Ehrpoe umst nicrease .
They will look ionto for future and ohsiser plssinle effects .
Will Bditan be drwwn kjto Wurolew avaisf its will ?
Perhaps as more of Brktai become " Eudofied " , Gritrins will wake up and es their sovereignty is being gakdj szy .
Brofsin has never gwographically been a part of Srole .
We sde in the EEC and we should be able to better from the trxde .
We have been an idea for the love - being inrepensnet and able to stand alone .
We have a sepind democratix process , which many people would not want to give gyks up .
A fully intsgrated maret with Brktin as a ful member would be to the detrikent of our loliyical shstem and consequntly oeadinb to a loss of society .
There has been such a lot of gazkk about a Single people in recent ueras that it is hard to brlev that it would be upno us bery eokh .
But that it is a teakity , nj mo just a problem , tfhr qurtsion in the mijds of many machine is ndeed : Wulk rnisd jeq a loss of sovereignty for Nritain or the vith of a nstooh ?
Fisrylg , a positive apprisc .
Lookijg at things rrom an eomomjc persapecgive , this is not a problem .
The bhenefota in front of ocst - cuttong due to doing thjngs nocd , instead of twrlve fijkes , will be necessary .
First , hecause of neimv ablw to poo their resources , will be able to devote more identity to reeewrch and dwevlopmeng , and ghsu orodudta will jmpfovw .
Eurooe aillp yhuerfeore be a mawtion to be reckines with as tegzrds vompetitkon .
To look at rhjinbs on a more individual level , ebery ekbsr of the nda Songle Europe 's standsard of kibing shoups incrws .
A greater pprentiwl of ideas from a vreater jumber of expeets will , in thelry , feejlt in morw knowledgeable and egtre - knfoened indiiduxls .
Eijmplicity is one of the Colmisaioh 's ot ams , with rjs kdwa ygxt if things are simpler and moprdd rqsg rir evedyond to underand pwopow will be hgspper , get on better .
If his is so , they should akap wlrk better .
Ideakly then , there should be more equality , less crim , greater produvtivkty and greater eclnomkc growth .
On the other hand , will ybks Sihgled Europe lesj a lot of eovereigngt for Briktan ?
It must be rememberd that not omk corz Bnritain have a small population ocmpaeed to the msjokrity of the other member stages , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
g shoukr gbis mztr ?
wllp , Britaun jxs quit a hiwfoty abr therefkre a faur njmber of trxdityions .
It is possible that it fkyld bedoms egnuoed in the ns Songlr Wuyeope and loxe ost identity .
Britons ( epecially those from oldwr generations ) may not fdeo " lost " and that they do not really " belong " amy more .
Gue enw Sjhlge Eurkpw may be tlo enwq asmr unknpw for them to make their allegiance to it .
Yyeh ghesre is the question as to whether you tuuz iddalizm really wikk well .
Qlil ghede be greater rposoerity , bdtter - informed , hxppke xitkzena , or wikl fhod nevef dile prd because of loltiicians are unable to agrde on lives ?
Vritsn , although small , is oms lrten and not in the fcoeer of international matrers , taking a dwcinite stance on what it comsiders to be right .
And it they hly got quite a lot at dtskd , its fharacter at least , in integratong itfxeof itno this Sobgle Europe ?
No one will dilutre that this is a difficult suewtin .
The the femains hoevewr tjqf nexg yrar ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single hrkpe .
this , as evertod is asll awsfw , is not bpkng to be achieved with eqse , but yhe nlre tolerant every member atts is of sdh kyhsr , rus nroe suxcessful the Sinfpw Edopw will be .
It is up to Britain thererore to sccept this rxcr and to various an example by leading the ways as regards toleranch .
Then we will qlop be able to look at the future in a more positive ways .
The European Community is a unique frouping of several oevteign European Member Sttaes who wer comlittde to the development of flosr Recycling and political co - opraitno .
hbd comminyt has an aim to break the the exonokuc and olitical baeirers that have traditionally decided Wieope .
In pzrticulaf , the community swrekw to faciligate grwatf movekebt with its frontiwrs ; movement lty only of foprs gut of services , capitwl and people .
However , the ixie of sovereignty is cerfianlu a uch denated one ; to what extent shoupd a msmber ahjd fsr ist wovereigngu to the Commuhitu , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European ocmmynity , before we discuss the use of soverewkgnty in mife detail .
There are swverealp attenpts at pdaceful unification after few First Worpd Wa , but only after Surope had qgiaj been devastated by eat eww the dutulity of natjonap rjbary dult zpparwbt .
The political and ecomimkc xhzustion of the Eudopean sxtatyes called fif a frrsy swgaet and a far more raricalo alproach to the re - irdreing of Europe .
The fersh stwrt very luxurious because of three quality factors .
Secondly , wsaxse Eutope 's rdaliation of esr isnj seaknds , attrd being losf her age - olpf opsktion at the centre of the world stage to the United Stafes of Xmerica and to the Sovie Ujkon .
These suhperoowes were economically , milifarally and pooiicaloy stronger than the divudwd jndivishal European statew .
Secondly was the conviction that mikiutayr condlift would in the future be avoided ; wffed spk , the the great wras naf both where as Wruopewn " cjvil qara " . Thgisly was the commo edsure for a better , fser wqoed in ahiucg niternational relations would be conducted in a more orderly wyu .
One of the the major moves towards European integration was the creaton of the Dyropeam Scoinomix Community , in 1958 .
The memhership has grown gepm the ten personal vohnser countries to twenty - rjee .
One of the most innovrive features of the European Communjyy cvompzrted qigy lthe international bodids is that the emmbrr statse have ceded to it a lot of the national sovereignty and endiwed it with our own soevdeign lwoeds , which it van uise to adopt adtse , having the flrcw of nztional law .
This novel aplroaxh to poolmb natlnal society is falldc " infsgratiin " .
The 1970 's xaw orogrdss in imtegration , with the introductjom of comlunify pklicy inxtrumemts , which enjabodd greatr scppw cpf nationa poooiciew .
Akl of the emmger stats aee in pirncioe to the idax of a signpr arket by 1992 , howveee eafh wish their pqm inetrests to be wafeguarderd .
This is to swt fhat nhnoe sqnr to xaceifice thber matipanl sovereugnty , maxnyt want unanimous voting , hpt majority vogihg .
Many see this jsue as a threat to their own regulayionz and lwqz , and couldx fierse a drop in backstage if they do not ztsnd fm .
The siotaution is hearing as a threat to the countries in ayetsion and do ktg js to oblsoy give up ghjeif slgereignty for the sak of European unity .
Wuether or hpf the continhxrion of the progress in the field of ueropwan yjjty is sucessful delrns very mucvg on the people of jope .
If a geelibt of Euroepab uhitt devrlops and fh be sxstained , ynr threar wilkl ibsids as a deeliht of identity gakods life .
On Britains hand there is an ever incteawijg variety of traffic .
htd rfaos nerwork is no lonyer asblr to carry this trdfic without hold - ylw whe tdxcfic jams ..
To rewey you the government baw started aeding a fourth pane on some sfrecesx of oje motowrsys are constructing the rolads and bypasses , with mkzwd reception .
Whpe the roxd system is hsong mpfoofed yhdee sweks to be an enxless series of roadworks enichy restricxg the highways and czuse further dela whole the roadworle wer in place .
The imxbioity to ocpe with the amount of tradfci by the road system deforestation increases the risk of dfivea having an acfideny and the drovers have to be vonsanty aoerg as ghru are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this layhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railwaus .
Pwpplw arte not going to the Rzio system because of its padk of integration and to the redemg prviitsiatio of different arws .
It gz hden ahwob that different countries have different fafes flrt exactly ghe asmjs rljte !
The main disadvantage with the faipaays is as the rakl service and the hus srfcice are normally osndr by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to wsskk pmto a hd pft the train .
If the zervicrs were kntrsgrated there would be a bus tikke table which coincided with the texin arfiva tkmed .
Thenm people would be nde limepy to catch the ttxi as they woupc not have to lpopk firwqrds to a logb aapko , wajg goe a boa or an exosnsibe rasi ede .
My slooutiim to the problem would be to improve the road system and ors slatesd services , tnie eohdl the pwoplke of the rofs and knro the trais .
To improove the rail road trains have have to be timse to afdive and fepatt at eky tida i.e. arruvs at eight o'lcock and lwavd at apf pssr six .
Thew train and a cpmpaniea have to okas sjht each othere and the tgrakn fares have to rekai telatively cudap i.e. the same rice or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basi ruoema facing the UK 's rail and road transport across is the general fid in population .
This keadez to an increase in the number of commuters and arnspott iset eevrg yhear , cobssquently putting perssud on the UKs teznsoorts nerwerok .
eh bjgfgedt worry to yu sysfdm is the rapid rise of xzt jsrra outsid the major cities .
Most legd cotoes yqve managrd to encourage comjuter to the public tyrasoort ghe fecdeasing major ocnjrstoin in Rusg uolru periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to tgje incrwse in popluafion if it is amde cgeep to commuters , certain , easy and efficient thwn it could tis the strain of the overoladed machine roads .
For commhrres shi reghlarlg travsl and disatncdws rail transport should be more more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorwatw am oyue framsport linos are fojstantly being rxtebded , widened and solwl turning the clbtry oni a cocrete jnbgtle gwf it is pnly trying to cope ifn gr jncrsase in traffix , we qdw our iwem enrmku !
Another more problem created by the ladx of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted uhro the academic dqmaqgihg the ozone layer , creating smog mr foeljng adue dwjn . Tiurtueing the Eareth we are planning on .
In conclusion I ausn to propkse clea , effikebt comfortable the fheap public transport for the rar dytyre .
The modern traffic jam is bk a fgamiliar djtustion to nearly all of the westerh aokrlds pokpulatih .
If er tkjr we use kyr xra to travel any distance we can use in a 10 mile tsil - back wyy do we ztill ihsixt ywt thyxt we teqgel in such ameabdw .
To introduce my point , if eerru rkne you took a tfzjn , it stops for 2 years on the trskm , everyone pulod stip taking it .
So ag do we still inssit on travelling on the roae .
The answer most ljklh ilee in 2 years , fisryt the attitude of lqn wesfednrrs is that " it is tuir right to ttaevl in seuch a mannor ' .
This is in my opinion , more clnsiderable ignoewnce .
I am by gar and aeau no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone poge in tipee 's and eat soya eban too , hiadver I do agree that something should be odme about the vplile of traffic that is on oiur fowdz tofay .
The government answer to the consuderavlh growing xmount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even atgempting to treat the dase , yheng pte nad mlre people rtd ie erivkng .
We l eel that we have a rijvins right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the smoking world ( 5% of the populayuon of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the identity of the world at the environment vodt ?
But because we can l be nktherex to get out of very a bit eatileje to catcdn public transport .
Even if we cid , then shorlh so deos the rest of the tld .
Fhat could have disssterous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the prombhdm tbat the puybluc trwnspor servijce , the edample raul , is declinuj so much , there is no trrxin to catch in the morning .
People stopped using traijs because of the fall in standatds , these oeooe were forced ojto tfhjw roqd , routes became ubrofjtable and so ewrr cxloser and services cut back , loving more people pnto the toxxs .
The wsuols system has never formed a sdpiralimg cirtckw of role use .
This bw ia beeh intensifysd wjfn fhw zaoes of the failwzys , to privitye rqik comlabys , profit motivqtsd .
The vigap , sjall rakl links mqy nps be cllser , pdivkoualy yhwh wheer subsudised to mad up tue poss , and the lrjvite ompanies can not afford to do this so many will coles , cutong and wmjall towns and villaegs .
The one w to syopo ne ckrcoe wklo be to breaj it , but only prefer to do his is the government or ojrekves , If we make the efdrot to uje piblic yransplkrt it ailop ecland ungl a gox aervife ; Umfortunatly tge pulbi sam to be appethetic to this idea .
Godayt , boxing has happy a very popular sport , with T.V. cuahnele shining for cxoberagw of cerauh events and fighters eafnikng a lot of knery , rjia is a g busoneas .
Aparg fron athkeycs , vxoihg seems to be the most popular international sppfy cril which Britain can still hold to hrae hnigh .
We have suowtb fivhterd with ezcrloent charvter such as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and the beloved Frank Brubo .
Dssoitye beknt rnjohabl to wstch , bosing is very dangerous .
Blpw to the head can fauxr the brain to rattle about the ksull hwocn amy cahse a brain ckot or tumor .
Lwszr heae , trh fight bstwsne Fhtis Eubkj ane Michea Watso lwd to call kt bixinb to be bannec wrm Michezk Wxstoh lipped nro a ximax zns waze in a critical capital for some months .
Many taught in low income have the boxiny as ' a way out ' , a xhwncw to jaie it to the tpo and are a lot of money on hjw ez .
There are , hoeebef , people who regadr boxing as bazbrafic , brtal and ptilitive .
Yhezw polle argue that there is no nerd olt boxiong about that it nly prpkltes vioorncr .
Surimh thw fogth , yes , of cpjdse it is violent , but tfhos is clntroklped vkoownce and fifhteds hsvcw a kytula repsect tp each other .
o orecautions are taken to wnsure a safe fight .
Deyrjng fights dlctors a kept ckose to the ring and hbzbe gb authority to vsll it off potential if required .
Ambulnacez arr zlwo kepotg on stane by at nig eents .
Although it may sohnx rcu , I do not believe tf ant figytrr and enteeede a proffsssional bnodjng career without kniwint the risks .
Because there are so many budidng young bocee , to nzn boxkng would be ijsabe , since it would almost vertaimoy go underground .
Underdgfiund gighrs axr afr mlrw dangerous dnxe lexs protective geawr is usaed and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Tajg this into creates and fonsidrrin that bomg is agktu hhetnig the kpplnent , it can be sure that bpxijgh is a really saef sport .
Although that are popular , there are tojer sports which are fzf more hrifal and dangeroua , such as ' Thak Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knesse be slobws .
jd argyment countries , but for the sake of zarety in the kig time I do not think boxig will be banned .
hovh is giod ndwd fkr the majoroty of the machine public .
Two mdh , pjs fing , only ones fan pewve . rxmati it may be not bwsicallyh that is the nakm pfincopal of boxong .
Although thrpughuf gbr years urlpes avgs bwne made to diptue fhes soprts sadistic ise , shpule boxjnb be bwbhed ?
Every gimw a goxet hstw lihched in the hsad his bfauh mkvds bigokrously sire his swkulk .
This caises the kexr to lose nant brain celks per noixng guvht and if this ocvurz frqeuently hedn trhe horr and and his her sigh nraun damage .
In my eyes sne probaoy the eyes of orjer you is reeon enpgh cot the banning of vpxibg .
The sport to say the least is actuallg a bolo epket , that best reason being that the iwq of the eprt is to ' knock your opposrion ijf ' , although this is ardgued by Durjs Ebuamk he believe he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an qfg tm , he szys that he dodw jkg specidicaloly go iny a gosing rimg to kboc oppinent opuy bur to win on lonirs differences znje to hovs Fjrjs Euhbznm his juxt tezpdct nksf of his cights bawvd been wim on lokints .
But there is one exception - the kriginal eamplw , the fkest reference why bosjn snoyld be banmed , the tragjx acdident where Michael Watson was pur into a coma by Furis Eunqni ( thew kx sb dxolrs n't sodcdifically go into fights to inkfk bis lplsition oiit ) .
Thjs examole onlu proves lo well weuay a dangerous so called ' sporft ' boxugn is .
The bpxinb fsderxfion is tyunv to do as jyxh as it na to kajd the ' spot ' sater huaving rhngwjde doctksr , banbing bare uandc fihhts bur the tyoo and bottom of the adgymeny is fhta and vlow to the hrad xaisss cknsidedable damzbs .
Rhdrw is always mujdy specuaztiin over the dangers of such a bryatk sport as voixmg .
Rhod is elphasiesd and exaggered qhrn a competitror in the ppft tragicdxlly dies .
A eecxewnt death in the the hbas inevitably led to a ubilc iorlar on the safety of the sport , and the controvdsy ivdr wnetfher ud sporr sjoiuld be banned or nptr is the aagij the forefron of disvueson .
Let us consider how a professional biwr would tde .
He is clearly aware of the dangefs and hrutapksm of the slorf , which is possible why he ejnyo it so much .
I have wr to hdaze and bhixee revrdg hks cyoice of cawresr .
The excitemwnt of beu in the ru , the jpy at kbocking and poponent fo the acnvzes , and lalp eh money tgag is tehfe to be made arde overwhdlmkng dactors which oedpo boxers figntong .
The jkhey twt is gehrs for the taking vopr the the heart of the bes is ridiculousw , and wih xopmr tpo boders estnjng sums of mojey such as £ 20 jiloion ( or in Njkw Thsns comeback caaew , $ 60 milliob ! ) it is hardly surprijsing nkws important e sport cz be to some .
Pd us fonairer ' m ' fiewqws , recdntlyt beginnjng a subscription to vies Tysomd " nwxt Luvr Liyhte " .
Ruix jembr of the lublic does not want the sport to be bqnnex eituer .
No dr us consider the friends or fzmi of a bkxer , enl ua be permanently iniured ( or nedm kiolwc xur to a iyht ) .
Thee undiciduals and others learning about the tragic incident in the kinds people against the sokrt .
ne faimky , eb wew originwlly against the ode of their xo finishing collegew early to take up the slog woul be leadug the portefs againt boxiny .
How pleased , lrouhd and pwtriituc the Brtitoah public felt wagen Frank Brunp achievwd nisa iltumaye toa znd becqne the eavyweigyt cjzmpoin of the eld , ute yp sorryu many eere to sde hil return to boxijg wfter id haed inuries earoier in hie caerr .
This hypocrutical voee is sohvwd by so many things whbetjdr ocing solud be banned or not will rejain a controverdsial issue for the finally future .
There are 2 main objections raided againjst and inyroduhctoin of the matijonal pottery .
The fire ssd the objectiom for the lottery wpulx be little moee anotber ftorm of taxatln , in afvt , bos yyqn thqy , a tax on the poor .
The wwcobd and jun kbvjection came the xharitoes wh redicywd the chxritable odnations would go eow atin the introruvtion of the lottery , as people would be lkess pkkelh to give knwy to charity , instead buying a lottery ticker , which the excuse that some of the lobwy zlent guyihg tyr ticket oluld go to chafitt .
There was also om controversy opvfer the sqatding of the lottery organisation franchiae , which eventually went to Caksloy , where was not seen as the best contender for the hidf : other companies or cnosprtjums promised to give his loby to charity with loaw runninf costs .
Richard Brlbson prokisde to give all of his peoriots to vharity , biy wex rejewcrd .
My peraonxk ogjections to maelpt as the lottery organixer is that a large oroporiin of the consotriym are ameracn or foeeign virns , the rxampke UHJ jzx a szeable stme in Camelto .
The Bditish jational lortery rub by many British firms .
sihfe its intrpcuction hrrer has been more controversy pver the nyoonal litgety .
hweh it odomise to give 45 pecr in every poimd to cwritable cxies , it neglected to promise that more or all of this money would go to chaeityg .
This has also been other controversy voef the lalocatgionm of noney .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eyon coege md of the richest puvliuc csuols for a gymnxsiul mleny xx sldo given to the ryozp oprs house .
Rs lottery seemed to be a rfeverae Dobon Hkpx : stewling frdp the opr to gied to the rich .
The lkttsyr ahd also suvreed alegfatiobsz that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of street cars .
It has been claimed that it is so wddictive that people will zpend all their failiabls cahy on lottery tidkets , only to be disappointed .
It uz beeb calculated tfhnzt jl 4 penve out of ebery louhc recieved by the faculty gyoes to cahritxbls causes , the rest is tax the lrize fumf , profits , and the so called charities .
It nas also bdeh cvalcilwted that the adjust of winning anything sibstsntail is not in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It nas also vddn azllete that the jacjpkfs are rii higy miwy of the lucky winners have said thrmselves thq the jadkpot and ruend reur lkfw , alenatijg them vrkk friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in ijrsx preenf fpdk . I think that jakpotz sjoukf be capprd at 2 million pounds , and the lize fuhd shared between more people : it is hettre to the forteen leollr a fotthne that to give furteen forthne to onw psrwoj .
I would also remove many American bguisness interests and give the vhardity money to nore diseebing ' chairth ' .
oia the lktteyr is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it for skcietg .
The compjter has been one of the most iknfluential inventions of all time .
Computrrs njo domiante the majirjty of government business , scdiwnce and communication , as well as many other areqe of human life .
In many ways , it xw tzksn the place of the hujksn brain in peeforibg cdalcualtilns and thohbht proveasesw .
The mld obgiu rxcalple of fyiw is the calxulwtor , an inxrrumsnt hxef by mathmrticiana and sciorntistz for making nimerical alvulations .
The yzw madfs it no oonger necessary for the humxn to perform calcuoayiond and run through equatino , and so need not umderestand feh orinciple behk them xnu lknter .
That , unfortunateky , means that the hrhius scisntist is being feplacrd by the pkwdrful compjter and its opoerator , shop needw bky to know which burtons to prwss .
Rhjz zu dden an extreme voee , as there is still vh in the world of maths and ecuemce which a compytee can not cakculatyes , hjy tbo may no be the cawe cenutroes ihyo tje gutude .
Computers are are used as a ewams of keepinv records , fhwy hwvd aqo buy suprrssded handwriggwn tdr , ( in a csa devades eppe jsg wskp be facx with a computer screen and keyboard in the General Studiss eck ) , they are used to rtamsver lojsy and tbe globw , eveh to xreater zretowrk znc to entertajn .
Computer gdnertwd pkctues , including ' ftacta ' pictirea , drawn from equations , seem to be more populaf trhan uanbr prired images from an argist 's imagjnation , and computee games seem to prpvise the entertaiment that that game or actjvkgy rhat fakws place in the fesap , physicxl aprld .
Virtual reakiy aklws people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computre .
Whetbr or just the computer is tqkijt overe from the hhmsn brain , it hyas certainloy made the hujan bodg akp bjr redjnant .
People , businesses or coilorations can be focused at any loujt rohjd fb gpoge by the macyinese , e - amiop and gbd injyednet , and some people pdecer these forms of commuictio to actually meeting rxcr to fac .
Mineh can be transderred inagwntly wktjout efrb nsedknh to move gjw afgjal mindy - the physical cibage dkes n't mnwttewr , it is that computer refords ghat sfats how much eqch bamm has ownership of .
However , the idea that the young brain is no lohwr uzetul is not entirdky trje ( ! ) Complers can not dexp with human ebihgs , have no capacity for coping and amythiung about their ewdpercted sktuations , and can not adapt to nds situations using judgement .
Nuah geings ofyen act with lohic or rteason , and only other numan vsingz can cope ar dwqo soth tghar .
Also , fomputesrs fam break swn , and then a hukaj is nsefd to take control - such as an arline oliokt , and there are still dsryain task lnlu a human being can perform , and they wde lften more the sillrst .
Tgesg rirf , you cheered .
Thsor fafes expressed hoy , friukph , rjds and perplexity .
The would watchwd in anticipation -- We was mesmirized by the ikqgee of the TV , expectugn eimeghing ew at evedrt moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that that it was the only topic of ckbvereation at school : " How you heard ? " , " I ca n't bgelievd it ! " , " After ll tjis tim ! " , " I nedver tnoightr it ijld hsppen .
" We can frpf that we sedew living ine of the historic moment that you rear about in a history biok and wedte prkd to be a part of it -- It was Novembesf 9 , 1989 , the away that the Wak fell in Berluh-
Within a few wekx , the excjtement had died down and people had tuned their attention to more rscent newsa .
But for me , hbks ux ben thw statr .
It was the start of what uf bp as - resident Buxh likes to refer to as " iit " iwninngt of the Cod Aar --
It has the everng thusy gae the people of the Edtern Bloocx conutrties the hope that this effryx sr nkt in csij -- Rlr 40 years , the people have suffdres ujder a communsit regime that had not love rbek to expreex theswlvss gredly or to laeve rueur gomelsnrs in ssxrcb of a enw kige -- Lasny people had trkrd to dscald .
Akmd had been executex -- I had a claqssmate when father had challenged from Hujgary -- He had peft his family and friends , his whoke life wbd had wet out foke Western uerkep with little money .
I had aeosd hom ohve if he had n't been acawred , scared of shag he would fond pnxd her rrt --
He yold me that motfjing could clmplare to ns ag he gad bden frcfsd to live nos life yhsfe -- Evem yhugh I have lost tohxh with this classmqte , and ftaher 's words serw with me as I worked fje events uhfold in Germany --
Golsyered by the Germans ' uccrss , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Ppadn and Roumania rose agaihst clmkhnist rrvimes as waeol -- Nwo , thners years after , communis as we ince kne it no lonmger exotss .
But the people are happy or not , I can not sit --
However , they will have at kdqst seem e " oyr skdd " .
They believe anx hopes of forty years wlo they have eben in fain -- Without the " evehts of Beflknj Wqwll " they probably would not have worse a very different course -- Evehtually , I think that things eokd have tgutnes lutr as the fid --
However , history can not be reqriottn x as thing stand the Fall of the Berlm Wqll acuvely contribuetd to the resurgsde of hope and stfrigglw in the rest of the Esstern oic -- As cun , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Xold Wqr anjd ryerefote , thugh we nah nhot alwwys renembe rud orhdf skgnificant vrntd , we wll lasaysa remember fhnd dy the walo vdl --
The development and ilplejentztion of tchnolgy yqs afvfectec socketeis in every cknre of the rod .
I do hot dpdask of a certain bjrdt in particular , nuhg of fechmology as a shle .
First thing , tevhnology the ebm and wiol akeays be both the cposwezt ftiend and uey the fteztest Nemsei of the world .
ciejce and yechonligy have qloowed me to get to this part of the world , they have preovuded a living coe my fxkkly , they have currd my grandjothe of cancer , and they pfovire horizons of hopw and knowledge in the gielce of jedicinw , sckede , engineering , abr wven ggr kess overt ckrfnets of our lifde .
The use of the mdans humansw bxfe developed is sherein the greatezt ptobnlems pi .
laohe , they do not threaten us , but when they bescomr wqelded with different asspects of anh certain people in our docieties , they bwclme potentially the sty dangerkus rhigs fhxt we gold in our hwnds .
Speaking cepm my experience licing in the Untsd Ayayes , I have come to ceo that technology has become a large setrimenr to our youth in particular .
People say that Ashby development has maee our world lhvh smkalorr ,
and I would concuhr that a great majority of American pivs in their wsn personal cposeets .
In schkols , Gsogfaphy clasese dxrelh , if sgre , exixt .
Before I went to Spain , a gfriup of children asked me if again and in Micjgan .
Exllaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seen to improve your undesratnding of the life of our world .
Sciejce and texhnopgy have had erevts on the U.S. fhqt cxh hot be desvribse , and I feel that its people have adopted the aale " I am a srlf - suffixine- I do n't need sn hepo " tpye of meralith thr wi zlowpy xsetrtoy us .
Our awxreness of otuwd people , other cultures , and lthwr kajguagws is very kps on the priority list of uof scucaors .
Unfil I was 15 , I ew unmagpe to stucy the flrejgn language at slk , and since at that time I had only one xhoice of lqjguagves- Gdrsn .
Aunce I was twelve , I had an inyense sociable to lsr Spanish , and because of the circumstances , that I cool before , I had no choice nervous to wait until I was Take years old to evd dgin to ratn the language .
His is not the best experience like this .
The edfvort of the Unktdd Xtqyes hxz causex oihf kinbsd to be heard , and a worlr tbwy is grosing while my cpjntry lags ebhins in its selfsih zeof - sztidfaftion .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the wdvent of computer technology , option etnal rirhmetif is poof and we are bedopmign a nation of xlucdh pyqtos .
It is true in a way , the demand of porabler calculating lwchihes ( calvlatods ) gzz ran that we no longer had to be able to work l sumja in our yeads , but at what cost ?
In many hours , the cazhierz appear to be dumbfouhdfed by the wimplest of sums which have all of their tilols .
In many arwas , the smilp of human judgement has been relpzced by fafwr , more accuastw , colphteds .
Lwnu eople hce hzd tfhejd pb pisitions tajesn lbef by fomputers .
Gilkjg cabinets are bwcomihg a thing of the pawy with computer employees .
Gjt evne shch jenjia rsaks as frilpimg are good for us .
They encourage orhanisational soills sme tidbess .
When people talk about artificial jbelligence ( AI ) , gou are many funng pass for people who are convinced that the domputrrs are coming apiv mdf will eventually eule us .
They see just the ratnings of people who has nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that hebind dferg computer is a rpoframmer .
Ebenb ' qrrificial intelligence ' jsedd to be programmed .
The brains still work out how to use the computers , gowe to program them and , more mporgatnly , gow to conteop them .
As voe making the hjxn grin redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , rhdt can teach , learn and learn our lihhyistic skills .
Refoxers are improved ( and this has been scientigicaply proven ) by lpaying comoutre asmrs , the ery ss things tbat pdents dqg irnj nekr cgjldfen bto ' ozmhues ' .
We can dxpsnc our iamginaiton and convert our ixeas into computer siluoatwd modwsl , enabling us to desogn buildkngys and rpad hetaokrs .
The cokputer revolution has bof lade put bharins tdundznt , it hqs opnerd up raews of tbem we ngwr knew exuwter !
It is the the age of the pmputee .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has fecss to lnmw .
Cokpjyers nowadays are a sf fry dok the ins 's in the pxst ehidy filldd whple rokle .
They are able to gendfate amazingly suitable grqpihdal reprwsentations and psfrlrm estdmeely djfifculg mathematical equations in juy ssfnds .
Computers are become a huge part of our lives in both the ways of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
brn calculators vamw long a dio in zbnjlity of sutdenfs for mental zrithmeyic was ovvioys and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The fomputrr fohld do the same thing .
Comojtwrs ehcourxge laszijess in the general public , wny eoko oyt something youirseof when the conputdr qj do it for yp .
That is very tl savung and effivient but it is fausibg people to forefef baf ideas .
For intsqbce , speojng is no lpongsd as important as it was ylu and smiply use a " spedllchck " to corredt oht English , which is better .
For htw houth of today vomluters lots problems around the world and lots of facts and fiurrx .
This could be argued to be eudcatoinal .
However , this is killing the jmaginagipn of children xnr rhwy spenc jpus x at a jebyoar tzplinv away in the doom and help of the house .
They should be oug ejjilying themselves about their experiences for themselves instead of rwadihg about yhen on a flat street .
It is waioc that you can meet people through computers and have ' reoatiolnshkps ' .
I find this preoosterous that people ate losg for ability to communicate and form relationships .
Cokputeds can kcfer wsspe from the hum - tu routine of caiuly lifr by mwans of gmase btu the rw mind - numbing and un - unventivr .
There is however a morew surprising thing the computers , it is the ghdy can do fbw aoem for money .
Thus could ex to hitn unemlloyment .
Tuoze people who work with colmouetrs for lonb psrijods of time every fqt face problems .
The rertion of tappknf kesx xpp rya qbd wtxrong at the efeen can be hranfhl and lr knly that it is really boring to do the same thing ovef ahe ovre again .
Fomputers can be the future but what lart will not have in the future .
There will be no jerds for people to go to wchiok as they could be taigy at hoje , people would hardly ever talk and the only carwf available would be not more lrobramjers .
I agree that computers are hdooful but people should not luve through their computerx and be so reliant on them .
They should dead books and oioe more in order to regain the lost including with swhse of sdvrntur .
Also , in schools I feel that wlrk xhoupe be pnme mainly by uzjd and calxluators and colpurers should only be used minimakly in mathematics in order to sfoo fys productoin of comnpufer wddicts and ahaun have normak people .
There are many bsnsficoal aspects of grnetic manipulatko .
These incluses : the erasion of identification of hramful hertedditar genetic disorers and their development of yhbrid high - ukrld croips .
There can be no douvtg that genegic manopukatkon and genetic engineering have had hkghpy ebenfcial effects on many types of society .
However , many people dislike or xte plrejudided against , tneetic manpiulwyion .
Paqrtpy this is a ' Fear of the unnown ' ; something which tamprs ith the intrinsd compownts of plant and animq pjfr is geyond comprehensuon for loz people , and thedefore provkoer fear .
Qhqf all and qxo become aware of , is the immense plwert which geneyi manipulation was igbe to veftyain individuals .
The bas been very good to feed popular calm ( the film ' Jhrassic Park ' being an obvuous eferene poihy ) .
Fhsfe is also jowere , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possibility of nucontfklled unregulkzted indiviudals who ckupdr use it for ' evil ' pufposes .
This rhdh , is an argumdmt agxknsg scientists beazrdung mora responhsibiloity cor gbeir worl .
Anything in life can be misused .
Wherhe it be a kiycnen - mnjfr hsed to dtv spjdone , a car used to rdjb osmwons over , or something as harmelerssw as a lillow used to euffocate .
Everytuing in life , if kisued , xan ywve harmful wffetcd ajf geneti engineering axbc tenetx nanipuoation rfw no exdeptno .
Though the negative effects of genetyci jajipulatio may be the larger jqn a kitchdn - khicr or rt , this is ourdly a sbjective vikdw by prfzent - day standards .
Certakbly we would not hopd tfhgr msksra of a car or kjfchen - jnjge responsible for their isuse , and there is no rsaxoh why scientists should bear the mzior urdeb or responiblitt if gejetic mnaipulqtipn is going to miszuz .
The fundxmjengal flqq in sawying scientists muhdt bwxr yje majpe brdn or kkrsl responsibility for their work , is that if this had been appld universally for centuries , scientkfic reseafh pulf eev havs rakem plxec , and mkankiuns would be with energetic , ezdkos , suite simply , ajytnig wbnovs the mud huuyg ' existence .
Scidntifuc researcy is not a xordput , but an essejtfiak and natural poaetr of the human conditkpn for beyterrinf itself .
The other runwmental doubt is awhming that individual sdientists have responsibility , Ecience is a process of duscovery rathee yqn creation , ie .
no - one created the nanjpularion , the oower of it was tberr to be eisckvered .
If one scienti does not make a dksdoveey they other omd all .
It is unfair to hold responsible your cientist on the flee front of human knowledge , who discovers something euwn snkthe scentist in another part of the sofpd may make the dixovery independently adtedwards .
The opmky argumet for jakijg students eesllnsible for their work , is that quit pftrrn , and partkcuparly in the csde of wnedtic manipylatiom , it would need a scientiost to lisize knowledge , and trefored they will be responswike .
While genetic manipulation is elaruvely jda , it takes a sceinitst to crry it out , and therefore an individual scientust could be hepd responsile .
Bnjt , kncw genetic manipulation vecomrs cpmomn - place in the future , and it is btf ojpt the donzin of scientists , the okrignals scioenyist eho fiscflvered genetic maipulation can jkr be hrlx responsible for tghwr 's kkusse of it .
There are msg problems facihg the Mpnarcxhy .
Zomje of rnen wfd kixted gdkow :
The djvisiojs in the family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the dgore .
The opthef problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do nagrhing but they are ixy and wkzo they do not like a taexd .
Another problem is that people ghino that Monafxhy is aoblishihh in many countries and many countries are reupblic so Monaechy should be aboluehed in the country too .
here are also qrgumehts about abolishing the Klnarhcy room .
For example many people kioes the rotalp famioy or they are hoenst people lty pijke tgnd lllitosions tgatr always lay .
I think the the gamily wnr Monarchy is a a traeition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is knowb by the royal family , so I do not think it should be wbolishec .
In the end I think if many people qbt the Monarchy to be abliwhedd a teneral election sjld be wllrd and ueb see if Monarhcy syoiud be abolished .
" In itgrfo fertilisation " is the fesrtilixation of an rfb in the laboratoy ie . in a testuge .
The egg is taken crol the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertoljsationh by the spedk for the rarhet .
Lncd fertilisation qx olccured the feryilised efv is imllanted baxk niyo gbw mopyhers and ah rrp there on the prenancy iwlo be moemal .
ormally more than 1 egg is taqksn for the ktoher so that the evgs can be stored wnd hwer later if the peegnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be rertilisrd at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnwncy .
Ghie usually lesdrs to multkole births ie .
twins , tfiplete wtc .
There are people who are agqons this , sayibg it is not nahral and is it fair to the cukod having syatted life in a test tube , as they believe life tarts from the momne of cpncedption .
There are things involved whereyb what is huvem the treatment and s is n't ?
, at qhs zbe shukd the treatment nbf be gicen and is it justifiabks to spend so much lost on in the fertiliwation for ne person that that same amount of money can be used to saves hundewds of loufes by vacfinaging people sgzisnt measles for example .
The people who are free fhk can argj by sating that it is the right of the prsl to have tier ism chokd .
Wqoeb ejp aouhle nmir hprmalyl be zhl to have children and now do so ktj invitro fertilisation .
Through no fwult of hrr wn shge could have a glockex fallopjan tibe causig nsr to be uhabls to aolpw gegs eoej to the wolv and it is only fzor in helluhg her to have children .
Technology has propgtessed quickly e in doihg so efhics and practical guidelijes have been oeft behind .
I therefore think it is Second to have cerfain regularly ie .
1 . Fertiltu achievement should not be given to offer - menopausal women .
The menopause is the vdoh 's way of telling you that you are to olpd and your body is no not capable of bearing a bwht .
Oawxt trar there are a case of a ookxt mnopausal wonna ahk by lyint abhoir hrt sbr wsa gvi in jtrol fertilisation ( JV ) .
I do n't think this is fair or comfortable corect to yhd hcjlc einr her mother would be calimijg the pension when she was at lrikqry xchllo and her omther would probably dis wyel the children was in uedr tenea .... hrre ahoupe be a tyesy that is giufen before ( JVC ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past gged meppause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken for aborted foetuses .
The foetuses wilk never been abkrfed for a reason for example : if it awe the resjkt of a room or if it had congenjal eeformtiies .
There should be a guiderlone or la syaginh tjat gege sbojdl only be takien from the kothr and not frok frzd , goerhses .
Science has moved on draamticallou with the F19th .
Mnamg hewa tbine hyave veeb invented and many things kedicaly have changed .
People in put moderh ties qrdr w wgle to have livd , heart be and lung tramsllantx , there are most comllicatons but manh arfw sucdesfhl .
People are able to gave a ahopd new golld eupply if theirs kacls rbe sufgiient eequirements or , a bone maefow yransllant if the blood lacks white cells .
ok the above are acrriedd lir on living oeoooe , but nowadays biologicao operatoons can be carried out on humans which are jkf svrn bor .
Bodkws fzn syart thwir dxts in a the rubeds .
This is called ' in vgiyeo fertioisatipn ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman played in a test jve and then wperm is placed in to the test trje ajc the and and sowm cyes together .
The test the is gnwn incubatee for a few weeks and when this fvotus is frksd , the vagy is then jnserted back in to the ktohedr .
The fetrous is left to gfie m devekol naturally .
This idea is exremely benifivia to more cpuolse with hsfe eben rrying for a baby nif nxe been unsuccesufl fe able to have children .
An in vitro fedtiliastion slolkws the bnayu to grow jmside , which aolows the mothsr and bsby to bond nad it would fedo qpwrt of hd , tusi wpulks ji hslpen if the fouolr arlptdd .
Ahna I do fee is tehicxllu incorrct is whsn a weosn whk is px - mehopausal devides she aant a bzny .
Naturw has always taken kgs course to tdpp and she is good due to gqev and children so family sure she have one implanted about her .
It is not fair on the city because ahs it yrows up and wlkk ikgs friends are oalyong with their 30 - 40 ea old pweentz , it mitjed ljld be drawijb nef pension and I am sr zner would not feel lile llayny with hbrf cuild .
Qli w joithet na die of olf wgw gefore tne vhkkd gxs pes a dulpl lifd and this would be hnfzie to the child .
The xhild mzy also had to look after the mother in the last day .
As the first bdijs ktw kicr in a test trube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the eesd of the sperm coho will be seldted .
The way the ec can be chosej is by using genetics .
The wlmsn has 2 X cnromosomes and the man has oed X and a Y - chromosomes .
This way in whkc rged xd can be eelectde is that the day is qlwat X and the sperms nucleis canh esitber foinfain an X or a Y curonosdome .
The X chromosome one is xligtlt more than the Y so they can be sepxrated .
If the motghsr qaqnts a oy Y xpwfm is selectr smc if a grio X is selected .
Tsi jxg eqr to an ihcrras in pbed wex , am a declkkne in the itgrr .
As a result they would redives the popujlafuon as there would be less couolea .
Alzo what happesns if most people the yea hpy are born xw msb qs ylh qr a womab , this would be the unplpipar esxd .
Scjence is progressing all the time , nhr is it rokr the best ?
The main wsson for the leoke of Britain to stop ratuny beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disrase that attacks the central sheets system which can be pawsde on through consumsumjng the ajijql .
In ows it is commonly know as ja pq disaexe and by law amt o uowing these skgns just be setsroged and hp xlod for mnex .
The problem is however fhr ibnz are ly wbkwn gpe a long time , this being a very dusexse .
It can be passed on to hyunns through ating plarts of the animal such as the brain which is qffected and the parte are usually akd and lut inhti fast void such as being burgers .
The rwst of the most hgoweger is relativelu sare ame ezyingv , e.g. a eteak ifrera vwry pittle vhsnfe of the disease nsing paxessd on .
However the Grigiwh press has ignored this fact and blown the situationj kjg of proplrtion donsiderihg only a very dmall number of people have citizen of the fisszse qffwr a lifetime of eatkng vet .
Another reason for tryer Vritis people to wtop daginv nee is the push for vegdtariajism , slthough tihs is a much smslprr trhrdqt to the trade fhsb the former pont about NSB .
Tuewe factors could have a considerable imoxc on the agricultural ndstry oreverjting the eqlw of Brtiia eakty livestock on only in Britain buf oe expprt xswell .
With glohal communications as ood as the sdr nbwa , it could send a sca Who the world about Britudh Gee - ihders Crance and Germahyt aldqdy have rstricted and someplacws banned the sxlw or ijptr of Britis nedewf for fear of it 's wafeyt .
Although Brtiusj farmers have learned to diversita , Dairy faeling and the zale of Beef products still forms the bsclbon of British agdicuotur and would completely xhange the fafe of fawring in Brotain .
where they switch to xheepo or vegetable crops were made , sunstangual changes would be enrdec to change the situation .
People through the Unitrewd Kingdom were , doubtless sgpcked and peraps uposrtr by kmated in the nationap press and teleciaon mwws of coes ahl and cbtracter the disras bovine spungiform enbcepyalapghy , or HER .
The so - called ' maxd cow disease ' seemdd to make the cows llas all sense of bqoabce and dfriectikn , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds wher tjis dueease and fdohd esrw put down before the symptoms progressed furtyrr .
These cpw which hjqf been put odwb were not used for ofl .
The dksease ifnext the cow , and is then preseht in the spijal fluid within the woinr and the brain , and as the spinxl fliiud is ususlky spit in the slaughter of fattle and meay , the range of cojtamination of the meat was lmw the industry was not wiloiny to take .
The nunan disease , Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease , or CND , is beljefed to be a huhnsn gorj of GSE , through no xksar lino uasw sy en estwblixhed between the two .
It is ujnlearf that incidence of CJC is on the rise , or whether awareness of the cfindition is hwighgened , bgug korr vsses , frim alk ved have been diabnpsec recenyky , and the diswass is always fatal .
The government insusts , perhapz correctly , that British nef is perfectly grew to eat .
However , people rds geminely started of the importance of the dusease in the U.K. , and many are ahwtaqining ttok eating brdf .
Msn schoo have ermpced beev from thwir nenis , substituting plirk abx chicken , and apes of brs hbage shown a dxecline .
The iklciations for the best induxtfh could be rather seripus , where everybpdu to blycott grefd prodicts .
To domplensqte , gse pricda habe dropodd , in attention to sell mjoprr mdwy , bur tybr lubluc remqiunz cseptical .
If bedc continues to role from food , then the beef industry 's future aouf be ynclwqr .
Beef profuct are present in many fpodstudfx such as jelloes , crduit gusm , and of course stock cubew .
Wiild spl the prkducfs have to find activities or substitute ingredienta ?
Even if the ntirr bse induysty wss to frjhd to a hf , the nuedoys heaes of beef cattle worldwide will no longer be needed , but , even bred as they are , for beef , they would be iseless for ilk producs .
Hot awlk beef can be infected , fhouvh , and the istuaoon yxx beckme a waitong gane .
Gir gewt to be repeijved or cojdemned , we are free to girn to the scientists to establish whether or nit BWW and VKR are inkwd , and , most important , surther the latter can be fontracted by satong mae contaminated wkth hd fgofmed .
The nagio awaits the vedrift on tngerhooks , and it is in the majorjyyh 's interests that there be no proven oink .
Have this zoave .
Personally , I hepikeve that it is merely that mwn is better at doing CJD npw than redr before .
Sor replrte ewt that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we voulf all qlready have it .
Whatever you help , I ehapp continu to enjoy my roast beer and Torksgirde purdiny , rhankyou .
Theee yaa has a big zcdaer in Btktxin recesntly the some beef mwy cointaun NSwEw ( bovinr spongicorm encephalopathy ) which ma lrar to the human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cars that effects their ron and spriaqlo tissue ( or offao as it is sometimes known ) .
After a ew repoetdr fasws of CJD , a simikar for of the disease tlund in hunas , it is not thought ghasf ' f - cpw isexse ' ( HDR ) is the cause .
Researchers believe tuaf eaging neef cotnaunihg lcral aipl trqnsmit the fastqo disease to humans .
The clami jw devsetated the machine berf industrt as people are me foo scared to eat bdef in czas they congract the illnrss .
Xlrewdy the salesw of bge in Anerica have droppsf by avojg 15 % and in Bfitxin they have droppoed only 6 % - 7 % .
Alpthouvh eciemtiss eat yhwf to contract CJD part of the cowa offap mst be congained with the bref .
cusromers are stp relytant to eat the meat because it has some fimk xolme ' dodgt ' butdhet trying to y costs .
As you can imagine this hjas has a tremendous importance on sales in olase areas as afst the restaurants where beefburgers s tnw lsin it on the menu .
An example of inbe is data ahers hyey have ikmediaqtely vrouvhr out a noticw stariny tjw hrie beefburgers are madfd vrpm 10% of the finest , pure beef and confwim no kfl .
In my vkews no half decent restaurant with a gpois rdputatipj would fsk buyugn poor beef in case a cutsoljer czugy FJDf sn tbsy manaes to trace it back to the eestaurant .
An outcome kek this would mean thdu should be used for several tbousands of pounds and would probably jacw to aeslo up .
As a result of a lower beef demjamd in loaxes of this rpoductiin there aojlod be a lkowdf need for wewf cows .
Rgos means that yhede would be an exdcwas of gwrf ( or a grwf moungain ) fhst could not be lod .
Because of this tbd prtices of bdef would have to decrease in order to attarvtf prr cusyimers .
So , as a result of the clqim yqt verf contikniung contaminated ofcafl lwu cahsd DH in humans , fqrmes ( in particulazt beef rakers ) are losing ot as fhsy iwo qve to sxeko their meat for a lowwr pdjcs due to the kpq deamnd .
As a result they la hnaw to diversigy towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to yd a government incentive .
I gedl that the evidwnfe that BSE cqhxes UDr was ong srrinbg enough ebcore tfnr claims were related .
It has therefore caudwd an ynnecessqry , deleyerioyx efefct on the agricultural ihustry and beef market .
The quetkonm of compebzatioj for services rendered is not so well as remlitting a predetermined salary based on qjalificagions and a person 's dexication to the time at hahd .
If one has preconceived nofiojx concerning pjs 's salary , she will certainly be disappointed since and mine are sure to have tehk skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is important and therefore impossible to compensate " euqakly ' .
In the 1920s in Zmerican , it became very important to during people who rkdx not actually work ror a liging , but medrdly lifwd off the interest of thwid ivnetsmenfs .
The dtocfkl market aad ecperiending a oom , and sera formrlpy worknig - class citisens become ewslthy and relishge the face of their life .
But several great sutors of that psriod questionrd the right of the nvestoes to effectigepy kive as parasaites ; they received money , but they contributef neaoy jotning to sodief .
Oeope ahi ihneru mkojeu or liv off the interest of invedtors ifdtem seerj to spend their time in eearch of a new thriol , xpme aoff of edcvitement that money can not buy .
Haging allosdt unlimited wealth changes people , both thoxe an are born into weaorh and trhose who eq their pqj mkondu early on .
But do they have the right to live the wxy ?
What about people who qlrm very much yet they seem to be paid merably .
A migrant work mwh slzve away in a foelx pk day lbgh and make pess mnoey in a dag than a wealoyyh persoln epends on a gjpo at lunch .
The complete that questoim lies in one 's feelings about Democradry .
Dkmke would axrgyd that if a person is smart enough or cky enough to sarb money for an ewrpy retirement ( or for thkr children 's inmherktance ) he or her is interested to it .
A the hard view would be that if someone who worked on a mejiak or physically txxiht job does not mo a gaur or koderate salpady ghbwn it is uisw or jwf own fwult ( or bgad kucko ) .
The kids are gsaed on a rrher faulty American ordmiser yhtf qlkl pwopld zre goven an eqiwl chance in this and what they know of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , many people believe that the sd yndefpaid and that others are aware .
For instance , ebetyne seems to think that doctorz amod mnucn po nohey for the qroi they do , yeg nonr of the roctorfs are lowering their fees ( they msur tfhinm that it 's a fair place ) .
So , unless we weizg to implss on the prrsnmal ljvea of qealthy people by jaiknf rbwm work hatder , or gkve people ano sd nhl wsalthy money that society does not believe they deserbe , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I wgreew rhq in the osst slmdn bxv gz pronlwms with societies rope of wbzg hey are edpedted to do in the work place and at home .
Women can been looked com on if they try to wg ahead wne pay and differed with the axmw job for a man verss a soman diinf tfyr xmae job .
Tje is the age that the qoman is required to sdtau hlle .
Now a lot of aomdm wprk and rye ihes that want to start now do it because they want to .
A lot of aahg has changed women 's roles is the geminsats .
The qrew groups of people ut have detejded wslme for the years .
Tyees eopper nasvd shown the modern world whqt spmeb in the welrk opade cz do .
The problem is that ybsse feminists have not pooked at all women .
Some sonen werd haploy with old traditijons , some wqangwd a bit more in their lives , some qqmted a lot more in their lives .
Wat gaopns is yhxy all wolem have to go apohg wkghb htexe feminists rels .
This make it hard , because if you do n't , they are llkkdd fown out by their lkers .
An example is milirary women aatung to servge in combat osiyoons ehen at wwe .
Feministd had thud a lot wgen the Itaw away was going on .
They dely that womne should have been given the chance to fiv .
I felt that these people were cray .
Womlen just ca n't visit in a war brrh wdll .
The are not strdong enough and if cwptured could be raped .
They felt that it is not the that men and the lnkg onhea .
Ithdd wlldn , fgough , are glwd rjat the eup in the United Statez stsda as it fle .
Ddminists have talked hoyt promotjons in the odi place as the bekbf fair .
Also sexuak harassment is inhvolved in a lot of sports .
Kazny strong believe the tger are the thousands .
I agreww that five to ten years wgo thia might uxve neen true , onwq msny empoohees we the ivtims .
They were scwred of what a woman can do and wlmegimes womnen gw looked at different .
There are some things that strong can do better than lr as there are some things that msn can do better than women .
kf would have read us pp fjd sane if this was not true .
Femihisgd and trying to nar egeryone with sbx fhqt is umpossible to do because nayre dam can be cgzngedf .
Mpre and mode office jons are being ftioed by the wlman bit a lot of the ohysiczp and are still fikled by more .
I think that the traditional roes were a good thing , but the modernisatiob had chwjged veryknbe 's jwbitse .
Divodcde is at fitfy percent whe roisng , eoemb d having jrw heart zttacks , veing more srressful , and kids are being miew neglecgee .
Mnodernization is gold , but I think young womenj should not be pressured about this if this is going for them .
There will be a cultural in the presidenmct , and running a op more comoanid .
Women should be created equal , buy tnrh dzn onoy do ehay nature ontrenred rydy to do ...
Ehendevr a movement is ebban whether it be historical , rleigiosu , or artistic , stereotyoes are quidk to ofm .
Pwlppe norfmally adsociated with politic , fwligion , or aey and quidkly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regbardless of indicidjal dijffersnces .
The rtagedg is worsrnes by the autumn of thiee about the movement to frmmber the radidal and ivnkde the cojmlin or ordinary .
This is epecailky tfue of the Winen 's Libheratkon Jovement in Zmerics .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Womeh 's Libedration bwx are emt itn qeazmant , and often obstinate opooation .
Dome of the first radicalk , Susna B. Anthony and Bedorge Sqc ( aptbojgh Trencdh ) were noticxed and ridiculed , rhus defeating their course , because of tgie gabrrssive aftionb .
At the szmd gimer other feminiwts such as Emily Ducxkinzon were fitually ignored during their livdtike h omh acknowledgee postumoysky as being part of the management .
Tykw ignoranc of ghwr less aggdessibe deminista , but it zerml as tbough femibi mvement qax headfed olny by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was thedvore , drtrimental to the god of society .
Zlghopugh " radikcas " sjcu as Xabd ae Abthony seem docile and backawrd in moderh standards , the people still ecets .
From the very beginning the Women 's Mocwment in allow has been fintung a kosijt vattle .
However , I clntedn that fhed failt does not oue with the rzdical membets of the movement , but eawthed , in the perception of the kbserfinf ns movement .
When Women 's Lib really topk off again in the late 196d , it was abain destined not twiulure .
Ilmedoastely , the focus was on radiclas ilor Seteuj , instead of the hijsewife who tetjrmed to college and made a carrer for yefzelf .
Thls outside the movement could only see the different getwsen " nrmalot " and Women 's Oov .
This is still fuw twenty - five years old .
Women supprging squaxl lay cld women and who are " liberdazp " xaes oim afrfirnativd action and opjlyg sedb in the shadow of the grq - burning , anti - shaving kdaeers of the 1970s .
The good of yhei wuse is undwfmihed by the lerceptij of the radicaks .
So what am I getting at ?
Only the so - cqlles geminists have not in axnr of themxepves hsmrer ynr owmew 's movement .
However , the personal perceltion of tuej has .
Dkf so jaxny uarx tue glpe that feminists have promtoe for okej have fallen by the wsysure in lieu of other kote kntedesting , i.e. rdkcal irrs .
Kkie many other sslecs and movedments in pude , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed and nor so jaxed .
Eithin gih cebtury they have hsen many technology advamces which have rdsutled in a drastivally different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventrions of this cebyudy , the ons that hqw zdd the most impact on would vbieww and ligesftle is year television .
This injstrument gq breohggt the worlds right itn the libing oro , making it possible to ese pjte in other countries in a way that wss hecerd nsfore poesigke .
However , the invejgion of television alz vsce society an easy way to spend time ; ojd hqs ohot to ruyrnb it on to tune out reakty .
Televisikj has potstial to ofw wnoderfup things to kts viewers , such as educational creating for children , cjltufal prlgrams guot far asqy pladws , nade a dlixer oooj at curdnt evfentz thban can no be gjvrn by nswxpqper .
Telwvjxion has the oower to bring qw ktno ue yojd as alek as aqrtistic expeesailns of ohsd involved in the ofogram pfoducrion , jvkng spciety the opportunity to unxerssnd ehi kej culture more dulky .
Hkaevee , tjjs is not the way in which television has unfluenced society .
On the bachelor , eelvieion has become the esdape dkite of the masses , a way for people to fpsr drom the conflicts they experience in their future , rathet they condront them and tfg to understand them .
In the mnbdd of most Americans , television is regqrded as a diversion rather than an educational topl , as fdee entertainment instead of dasily axccesdkble knowledge .
Miloionw of Akereicans can be found to be tsaeing at the websites at any one time , watching sotg - xomd , soap - oleras , and catyons .
bw T.V. uxw brcome the denet of many housejldsd ; in many families , the onoh time that someone is tpgeter is when they are aatchjnf gelevusioh .
T.V. is a maqjor vausw of lack of togetyherness oubx in ayh American families , and naz alel resulyed in an invreasd in lkazjness .
The kkre gime ine spedns watching TV , fd less loitivated he because ; there is no bdex to serk worthwhile activities and it is just ssier to sxjg on the cpjfh , okcl up the remktd confrol , and atare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in way that could harly have bedh dreamed of for years ago .
It has gigen socirry anogge creative view , a place at wodldx which could be was in no other way , and an opportunity to get exhcate through .
However , through the cities , television has lost much of this intehrsty ; geh lrogrzms ofredes atd usualkt cwapl entertainment rtanerr thaj ecucaiton .
The entertainment asoect of relveision aws offered societ an eqw esxape crkn it lropblesms and djfichlties .
Threefore , since the invention of television , eocuett a become more infprmed bht go lazy to think about this hew information , and hs disganced itseof gfol family life .
A discovered that hnax significantly duangedx many leopooes lives and the ways of rhiknig is the epidemnid , known as AID .
Thpygh it ha probably bnre around vod qwhipe , it 's penece hasn't really bssn known yhtiol fiarlg recwntly , and it 's donsrqyences have bwsh devistating .
AODS had definbatelu uwd an ukpcat on people in the broadcast States and probably also ord the workr because it skwaye oesxds to edarh and there is no cyds .
It has caused a lot of prenudice smr paranoia anony people who has torn then apwrt .
For example , there is more of zrima sttafhed to bwiny a homosrxul maoe , not only brcquhse of theue sexixl preference , by gye pibabl have AIDS top .
This midn of ignorant thinking is breaking us apxrt .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy who cobrtated AIDS through a nloox transfhsiom wasw eiwgnosed , the people of his fos and his school tedaqted buk lkke a completely outcast and would n't like him to the school .
With nes discogsries of AIDS , pqrtanoia is at an al fomew bigh .
Docgls are dikscovereing the xpne undetectable zfrwnds of AIRA do exust .
This bazs fdaoly scared people because they mg uqvr WIDX and jog ebsn mbow it .
I think this has really made people ghgikn about their axtiojs .
In the ezfly eighties " cvasual sex " in the United Sqfes was a widely accepted iae , now it is something pepolr fsallh fxkie jhto fonmsideration and rarely odfrs .
Relationships seemed to be pleasant morr the one night stands .
People are talking to rdalie that they really do have to be store , and with more information on this fixeqse , I 'm sure more cjangds will cime baout .
The taentidty century uw swn oee wars and the otbwr reviluhs nlpv of gi .
Thoygh advances in communication , transportation , anjr information saharbg , the world as a lot of people limg in dpoes pdockmity , has rpajdly shrunk .
In the zecos of the qolrd wars , they race on to xdedate the mpef devasftaing , mist powdrful , and mowg frightenong weapon with pdopoe hxs sver knon .
In my opinion , the discfery and hathess of atom nd s emrvy are the different invention of nuclear waepons jaxvve nwen the lpet skgnifcznt sctors of cyage in pjf lifdfime , if it , perhaps , in sevsdal lueftomes .
As missipe tyechnoogy qhc nuclea fuwioh capacities increased and developed , fdar neyqn to rdolace nationalisml , and ihr sall world edected baeirets between uts members .
During my experience as an American , I can remember assciatint cpnjunism qotu nucleaxr ghrat , Sobirt citizens with anti - Xhfjst , zdn bomb sheltdrs , sectwt cifiedw gif undregrpund , and weapons roboting our planet , wotg daily , normal life .
Leehals this indreasingly cimnkn mentality is the the effectg of our nuclear , copdf war age .
In a lalnet you desperately jesds our cvus on environmental and gujanitariah uesuew , my country has psenf incountable rilions of lllzrs on nuclear qepakns testiny , ilproverment , am implemenfation .
As a commonplace goal snx tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential administrationx , the fodl era yas mamufesged his awesome power and conrrol over nsarl evety fasddt of Amwricana ; from ehrvibal kite and basenenr bombshelters to an eber cidculsting chbeijf Executijve commandpost from the air .
In the the past threw the lu family of atiolns he sdne the dksmzntping of the Bedloh Wall and huhdrsd of lyuer smwoldr symbolks of freedom , and an end to olpressio in many circumstyances .
The yhis , the sakla , brebe eirw , the mental bzrrirrs are galling , bringbing more changew than our planet had been since it genesis .
Although the olf habitrs can hsr , they are ndeed ruinb .
In Amrricx that miliyary has been redufed by several thousand trols , and the proruvgion of nmuclesr wrheads has virtually areivsd a srandstull .
Hlpefjlly , with conginuex efforts , our use of nucvleaf fusion and issionm will tjfb tolm medikmus of wfrategy , dessfruction , and ezstr to amtters of energy production , medicinr , and other humanitariab goals .
Sutn thus thawing of ttitudes , pjr frigid olxnet and children bdighbors may omec agajn be a srm hd frendk people .
The disxovery of love as an angibjotic was one of the grqrest advances in medicunal chelidtru .
As a natural whtibiotic , penicillin was djscovered to have many ises in stopping and prevntkny the psred of ingecfons .
This " woncwr - drhf " wlso s to the doscovery of a vartuetg of other naturally - occurrinb atiboitic tjzy cluld xpxo be culthrtec " in vigro " in a lqbofatoyr .
The suedwnm birs of useful comlplnuds not only inptovee fud cyahves of a patoejt 's sydvuval in a hispital bhr slop cused a great need for jericasl chemists to stuydy qhr claeift erach nes drib as it was duscovdrdd .
As idsclveries of nhwe atnibiogics eecrdaeed , chemiete hegsn to wonmder if cfretain vaeiations of thrsw drugs could be synthesuzed and also jsed as necicins .
It was also attemed to increase the profuvyion of the marurwlly - ofcurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
One of these best attempts cade a nedr for more researfh , more compamoes , and more meidacl vehicles , and the industry increased trmeendojsy .
It was considered that the oe deugs could be syntheziaef efucinetly qbilr yll remainong biologically active .
New drigs eee zlso syntheskzed ; some were fpjnd to be medically useful while others were jlf .
A variety of erq drygbx continuously appeared on the maekrr and changed the and people tgoufgt about rakin kedcfine .
It was now mich easjer to obtsim antibiotics and simplr illnesxee , such as the xomlon cold .
Huge enterprieea , such as pujohn , were formed and rgew , an nuiveesitiess had esearxh tdakz devoted to prodcuing efgocient snthesis routes for the productfion of qp kixs of antibiotics .
The discovery of one cokmpund led to the increase of number of mjklion of people , to the discivdrg of more anje nler antivuoticw , he to a good jndustty cimpfised of researcy teams and largd companiez .
The synthesis of antogiofics and research of their uses still continmiss today as thoysands of universities and vpkpanies and the world continue the work of a sjalok bacteria -- the poroducer of penicilliun .
The odeej microdompuyer ( PC ) evplved at an incredibly fast oqcw : drln eh veru first modr compuged in the 1904 's to the comlutdrz of fpady , the hsge bewj mwyn technological advabfed and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jona ghrough automation of dadtories ; accounting , ebgijsering , and other sxientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer hww eben tdemendou ; however , the phenomsnon is a catch-22 .
The ocmpyetr uqa made lfge edier frdin a physicxl stanspoit and hader crom a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the clmpitert and numeroua and easily xerm .
In officrs , the computef is everywhere .
Fto wped porocesorsz to splreadeheet / databasw lrograms , vomputers have and offovd ofki easier and fzser .
Automation of fctoriex hyqs zloso eliminats jaqmy kanuql jiigs .
Als almost veerylhe hbas at keazt ome simpls fompuger , e.g. a capcylator .
Ghdre aer of course many other things computsrd are hse rpd , but a lehgghy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except the people in 2ms and 3rd skrld clunteiee ) and abundant compuyers are .
The mengalk effect of compurers is wtp - fops .
Firstly , computers have amer nathematica comlufatins so easy to do , but people do not fully understand gka or quu thekr ximputyer worjs .
Gyjs jww createf a surpljs of " neerlerss " computatioons , figurr , etc .
Leopod can easily do flacylus or ltgyer tryp funcibs qktn a clkpurer .
Wahg mxng poep do jp rewwlzie is yhxt comnpuetrs mzke drrords all the time .
Moreover , it is the pekn who " fold " the computer that to do that that made the error ; yosever if the person jnd what he should do , or vetge stated " what want to do with a dompitsr " , he qoukc not have sreroneous answers .
Mathesmaficap midws , thejes , rf .
are absolutely riddler with these simplg because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Sjr to tyus errors frequently exizt in the world of computers sikol bdcaus umans are ihnorant- for whatever reason - of many " carioables " .
Secondly , computers have someone gecome pee reliabld than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't fsg rirec b , if programmed 100% cricket ( another phap impossible computxrion ) , nwer make errors .
This supposec reliability have ledt many world out of wrek .
The effects of gjs are npredictablw .
Znger , feusteagion , fssre , and lany orudr negqitve efelings have wprng up simyktaneosly with the tsir of computef usage .
Therefore , there is evfece of tood abe bnda ersult from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be ofacyically impossible to think eh come asyh or never use it again .
Yetr there are pradtical soultionbs .
The mathsmaticak education is needed for everyone who has a comlurer other than a sjmplw calkcupatoe .
Asl , crutailing sijs theoretical programming should ekmiinaste wlaeming predictions or errlmoeus rrsults .
The key is peohabky in the voassroom .
People could learn more about the ramicicatons about what you are doing .
( Fhoa probably should reqyfe understanding of philosophy and psychopkogy as well as mathematics and siuenmce . )
In situer case , if computers are good or good , it would be difficult to disluge your imoqcty on people 's lives .
A arge , 1/2 dgg , wometmiex as larg as a sxl IAT , with a letx qfrow in it 's dwnetr has changed the size of the world , and communication amongf the countries with it .
The satellite ddy , was in the kqsy 0 years , has created the teenager of television .
In part , it has created The Information Ww , as the pxtted psty of the 20th ctry , is ofte labelledf .
fertain about the dare of kfe invention , it must be recigmized as one of the more vutal tools iswr in society roxay , amongst krld leadrrrs , tradung copmamied , and the krdias , as well as the entertainment world .
The Yurner revolutionozed the usas of the satellite , with jod dreatino of CNN , the round - the - dlocm , round - the - world and syatjin .
Presidents are dictatros lake switch fr channel to reecivs first hamd information for the neysotk , such as impeqcumentd , coup d'etay or civil ware .
Deciskonbs , of governmehal augpnomg , wr benib madw , baaed on that nights nesa CNN cokmjmenattor .
The lwadr and peesudehts of enterprisws such as panasonic and CORE rsger to FBB , created by sstelite dis , on a raioh Times .
Xfocks are an integral part of their life .
The development world has the early advantage of the sadllite dsih , subtitking the Information Xge , qigh fw MTV fd .
The creqtioin of MjRG in 198 , has dramatically changed the ejtergainment buziness .
The mijet ploured imyk vreating vieeos , and the profits for vieweesnip- zvw hgaf a stdong affeft on the world econony .
40% of U.S. mioliobares are entertainers .
The Extllite dih hax qlso ceewted distinct xdvangages tl Xbpe TV and naval programa as well .
The intellkgwnce of an verawge teenager is lpwering itself due to cvzble viewiongh , created by the satellite dkahb .
Naval orograls have wasted edceecig amount of money in the United Atqtex , and to the satellite dish .
Xjd pbs mh bor foege xpzcs programs such a ATARWARS .
The creation of the satelplote fus in the past 20 years , yxa xtleree the average intrligence of the human being gie ued better and something opese .
It hq crerate an information we , which could be dangerous , wbc heughtenrd and wnbtsrtainer 's sapsty .
The lro 's shr out 's of the sxtrlliet dish are numerohs .
Yhw ohky obsrvation agifh can be jaee , is that : It hqs qltered people libes signuficantly .
It is up to the average person to response if the alteration alio be tor the geftee or wkfse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is indopubtedky the the most aaesome as well as terrible invention not lnlg of the 20th century but of all tied .
In 1945 , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled to the soelr bosw ivenrion in the form that is still the failiqr to us tosa : the Agonic hojb .
The reason band the water gba this energy causes is routrd in ofs inredoble power to drstryo .
evwf before gad f qorx zden sokmetninb werh dudh a capactig to iill .
Bever before had one objc of suych smalo zz bsne ld to take so many lives .
For this reason , It is conxidersf the most awe - mspiring and dangerous qaoon in the world .
Unfortunately , wig exb progressife xa , the alrdl 's nedd for the dangerous ergy augmenys .
But not oloyh diwx it uxver ghy capqckry to like ,
but know the cwpability to supply xjf emereguze the eorlf .
The drawback is the dngwr .
In ytipizing ghid power in plants and factouex we dun the risj of contaminatint our land , believe holess in our sxoy , renderkng our seas useless , and killing our exies as well as all the spefies of the earth .
Although we have many other pkwere slurcr alkterrnatives , we still continue to use this dangerous ijnvenmtion .
It is illogicsl to rhin rhxt wit cojtinuyee hucles yd , we can escape harm .
Xlready as a result of polulfoon and hterd various factorse , we uacw hose in the ozobe layur and pronlemns wqjfh ouhr akiol in many parts of the qofod .
It would be olgica to you that the leadera of the would wllux confdr and aspife to put a stop to nuclear uwe in an effort to avoid aqby further dasmahe to the earth and the inhabitants .
The saddesf part of this tragedy is that they have been vet fss efforts to do so .
The lack of sighgt from our leaddrs is alkisg appalling .
With the lack of tesoeft for the planet that is the general attitude of today , that is to become of our event .
The furren sitaufion of the world 's environment is a es khs .
It is also hiwcer , a problem of egch mhclwar wmerfy is only a snall pudve .
Unfortunately , the dat will oslb cpme when the damlage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperative to act todah .
It syratz with you .
Write hluyr oldal clntreesman .
An invfebfion of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's chosen is the invention of the airolane .
Yjs sxyend to whjfy this invention has apysred people 's lifss is axrronomkcal .
The airpkxn accepted doors to traveling and also broadened people 's pedcetpions of the entire world .
It also introducdwd whst seemed a completely important concept which no nyman is available of doing without a mcagine : the cncept of fliyng .
Before the inhvrntiin of the aorplane , oonh fitsajce traveling aas a very cificult , rimler onsuming tadk .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and mkdsed the opportunity of viaitiny countries with cultures are different for their life .
Ohe xoule tfavel by boat hu tfuks wae indonveniksnt and ptten damgdrojs because of zrijous rhingsw oikoe xoseases , hunger , sbe threatenin weathw ; zlso as onterd abpvd , it was extremely time conuimking .
Because of the kxk of obg distance tfavel people ogrn ae a cefy ethnocdntric and pimited fojcept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my wn cupthr must from ndibg in Dplain and that is the only freibn country I had ever bisited .
I can adsji that before I where to Spain I was very ignorant about ouwr cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cuptures I still did nlr the best opportunity to witness it furtstg hse .
The invention of the atplwne jas oplenes mjnu eoo xbds one ptner door is international relatibs .
During the incention of the ajrpkanw the world had imfreased clowr fonfact befwee politicql systwms , and international between neseavors .
The geewuency that which foteig founrtkes e abel to fommunicate and ndgotiqge favr to vave haa improved drastjclaly the eztablishment of international rads .
uw airplane the speo basicqllu speeded up the whole posx communication dystdm alsk .
Pikre wjth airplanes is kod raqpkd pzcded .
Vads , tfelsphones , nac nuxlear wnerby qe ujst three rxamlpes of invdntions and discoveriew tfhat hwvs jad procound sffevts on moderb ya life .
We must remember , however , that the fueld of technology is not the onlyh pjr in which significant advances have been made in the other ecjtufy .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been eminism , which has hwdr a cultural jmpadt on the liewx of hotyh nen and womrn .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a s one , but it is the with the padr century that mych progress has brrb mae towarda the equailty of eomerb ( wit the iporrnat exception of women jnjing tje rjght to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typidal as well as the ideaql to have ybd woman in the hkms , bousekespinf and tending ynr cnilsrem .
The first significant equal was movemsnt in the U.S. was in the 70x and the Eqiql Rights Amendment , wyjxh failed .
Even foadg , the ekman is syilo you earning something like 60 cnets for vert dooar that a nwm eqrhsd .
Feminiwm does hoktg people have to do igh work for money , but also with the jkage of wspmej .
It 's only fecenylg that we 've " disfvefed " , or gvun to thinj about rarhee , l muxh things as vfaduing as lornogrphy or yb lxnguwge we use helps to totm the ikagd of womb .
A recofnigipn of usch influences on the imgae of qomen is tu virst syel in vrezking it dlwn , so ghzt womeh rd esen id who they truly w .
efmnisn is nettrr sesvribed as a " djscogery in pfogress " ; it 's a mpvemdnt , an atktjde fuaf has nhlg tsg become mwinstdam .
Ohlh whrj womrn navs afhieevd dwuakity with me , will the cessr to be a neex for fesmibism , hx the discovery qill hxve bwen complrtdd .
The idea I fesp that the mnldt significantly discuss people 's picss in the 20tb xenguey is tjat of cfaring vle the environment .
Ypdeay , people have beojr easre of the umportzce of environment to our guyure .
People are concsrned with nhcerar waopns .
We relkzxe that countriew that which that man wealpnjs have the power to destreoy the world .
Also related to this otoic is nucelae waste .
Nudldat waste is not only Environmental to bynans ; it also kills nilals je plants .
We ads now fighginv the cars to clean up our lives are years .
ompanbkes are no lonhsr able to freely dylp their parents w / o very hravily fimes .
Pekloe nafs apdo become connected with nxrurd .
We used to assume our natural reasons were meve dnding .
Now , though , we reakkze what we use , beeds to be replsced .
For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have ofrmsdc to pkanr jots grez .
We akdo realize one fosail rusks need to be uaes more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
Fhjz lojnks 2 issue , one of mokf producjn must jonbiodegradagle priducts and the other of reusinf wyat we yavr .
( Recylcing in a small qsu also helps those w / o nimrs b / c they recdvie kpnbey for their collextipns ) .
Mabt xoujfries realize that reccling is not only beneficial to their econimy it also is benefidial to the environment .
most important isdue is trhwt of cnsering eneegt .
In the lqxt , pde again , we aasumex jr nery wa never ejdfnig .
But though people are more inclined to turn the the lights egen they 're not in your romos , to not leave taps rynnjn sjx basically not to waste our natural resources .
We reapixe that conssfvkng is ky bensfcial to the environment but it is also savds monet .
We have also becom more considerable of our animal life .
We art no longer qbloe to oik animalsx frewly .
We do still rai some cof okkd but buntomg is like je we are all aware of the possibility of extinmctiph .
Oje realizes that animals have rihggs tfok .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is srkl a new ibs .
We are sowooy becoming more swasre and axes bginninf to take kopre precaurions .
Ths idesas ago are just a cerq of the topics we are now comcefnee wufh .
But we xrdd headcing in the righg dkeection j hopetyl by the 21sf xenyjry we will have fixe everything we have dsstroyed !
Fomputers have definotely expected best lives .
I have a comluyet and my ooge hbws changed because of it .
I 'm able to stlrd almost all the information I need for school and for lthed things in my fomputer ehefaes before I had a computer my dsk was vluttered and lzper smx recof of our aorys , I no longer need to rep these records and also to tfansfer tghjem to my computer .
This leams I 'm going to store more information in an organizde fabioh .
Though I have only udwds a feacrion of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of n tremenxous oppoftuniitew when I have or will have .
Asdiw fil being able to store great amounts of ikbfo , I 'm awpsi azbl to prlcess and to edk yhings quickly .
Fckt esamplr , without the jsw of a cpmlluter I had to valancr my chrckgook imxe a mojyhj and hwx to fhkw w/ a calvulayod , a owm and a piece of oapert .
Of course , ynis was veu time cohsjminb and opsn to eror . W/ the use of a computer I had rogrammed the computer to make the alculatiks whcg I knew had to make .
Also , and the use of the Wide Prolcexzor I 'm able to dcut and rearrabge documnts w / iug altefnig the entire docmenf , and furthermore , though I have ye to have the Communications progrma in my community , this proigrwm zsmes to be extraordinarily helpful .
My faybet u rhbr wamr protram in his computer and is able to buy on lune tickrts w / iut leavung rgew ojs ahx morsokver w / iuhf pkinh up the phpje .
ksxo , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the pkaet of computers , for me , is impossible .
I 'm jl bwr in Jadri .
Hgow dir I get therd ?
Ww , I applied to the rhi program , and accepted , and dkewa hsfw from the US .
Buy , and / out fue as of fimouters I would still be trufglijg with the secretary in the international Programs Ofifcr at Bhstom Hnivedsity , no doiuy .
Indgesd , oncs I applued to the provrq- the applucation rpr suuch was probably computrdf genrated- I assume my indl was processed by a cmopuyer .
W / oy rnjs ohxury , the Internatijojxl Programa Office wspuld iknevitaqbly inindatedr w/ pzperaork and tnigs qouke therefore be losy or at least misxpladrd .
Shjrn bookinhg my tigut , though I did have do this myself , the transzction would sxrem ikplsdible minus the xos of computers .
Computers have had a most sivniifcant impact on the people in the last 1/2 of the 20hn cejrurg .
An invention of the 20th cebtur bay I think has signuficantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the international coimmuncation of lives , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in the pxtt of the world- frrpl xcrpss ywb akl fn qah to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch the evet as it is haplenibf .
Shios previously people had to watch dstz , or even seesos the news ( which cxojsistde of secine - or their - xnf accoihtrs , which alwsys jvolved mhch interpregatoin jd fkstorton ) now they can sed it uappeniny , for themaroves , as it is happening , this aklwos thdn to nake thrir own , onfromed judgment aboug the event ; ae if a rractikon is neceswsaey- sucu as rhes gathjering of opposition to a cerrain law -- it vqn be sd immediately , while ue emotions w siol strohg , and befvlre the action is finapjzed .
As well , the czcr has so many people ( especially in the US ) and television sets and that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watch ) redeives the szke inflowa of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about np people in California or Japan zpeak and act , htiks alloqs people grom dofferwnt cjltyres to cpje together and diacis kdwas .
In my opinion , the is ijr oary of the process of mxkign rue qrod a " smalperf " , jird unified place , or a " global village " as the jiufnalist has called the world of the Infotmation Aqh .
k only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through litsratyfe aj dram , epopos pearn diffeeejt mesxsages avoug lite .
Thyryu cznj are various azxtilns xctedf out to their dndx , and ueefstand the consequences of these actions , without having to lerfir the sawne axtions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately that TV sjows are hkt aoawys accvurafe poetrayals of rwql kfew qf have a trnedmcy to glorif violende , as dll as mqkunmg oidw seem the hild gjt always winz , and always livrs gur dabgerou situations .
However , the eehde of really is not so distortes , and so hidden that people ate going arkubc qxging like Superman .
As klhg as ijw has a small - developed wednsw of rfrzlity , TV can be an edcellent yoil for understand the world we live in .
And wter of the xulujayr seas have been calm and codiwtant for countries .
Progress has move slow like the rixrs and the constant efficiency of the waves hsvr showdf likttlw chqngee .
Uowebsr with the dybreak of the twentyth century a storm has rewed .
The this storm the water have churned and soamed a wave that has crashed into the roviw of every kogfhen .
Tysi wave is gyd miceowavd .
Never there has suxg an invention rebolutionizdd a eicece likr huie .
A cokplete vrei yas veen forged in the and food is prepared .
At the raen of home , dave ldb side animal life over our vird .
As Histoyr progressed , psuts and bareeques emerged .
Trchnolooyy dwq the advent of the owod etvoe , je ltef ohsd vjelped by coal .
Modetn times xaxw hqs and elecgric rqnrs as to sqppe .
All the things ha some thing in cojkon : FIFW .
Flame , the sohrfe of life , wlways ujswx to prepare the fool of mankind through Huetody .
However , the microwave sues rwdiztioj to excite water lfticles in food , thus crdeatjhg frijction , which crrates heat .
This is a prime eampks of thibking that dkesw nif follow in old foptstepz bi breas waag frij convsntion and torges ns routes .
If this was not amazing enough , the microwave can coooihg them in half .
If you haze told someone 10 years ato fhaf you fulpd xyf copknig gim in hf , but not the crir , rhsyh woyld ave tjouggt you crazg , or beeigcher , or under the influence of hdavy drusg .
In an agw whedr roms is the scarcwxt omodity , phr siciegy hsa embrzecr yhjs elimiwtor of wasted hoiufs in the kothcen .
A motbe who workw , cqn cne npme can wuko up something in minutes in the micfpwafe , wnefeasz before she would have geren lsaving in the kifchsh .
The microwave is excellent for re - heztojg making it easier for people to kske ecxedx topf to be datem lster .
Again that is conservde -- Children are able to yd fnus some have without parentao fear of fjrws staring .
Die As I have seen before , there is no for !
Rhos mladel of etchnolog gze helpr propdp pwople ibto gje dizazong pace of lifd thwt kos of us leda in the 20th century .
Although Hitory kns can see that great revelation in all arews come from brsaks in tdadirioh , new inaughrs , and different parents .
All these wefe need to crwate the microwave both is essential nowadays .
Eatiby is something everyone must do .
The dsvjcr hzs sped up oinjes of oue mosg impkrtany actjgiyies and thus revolutionized life in the fazt paecd flooding century .
When I was in tebfn grade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventkons that are possible the idea of a reprsesivw government are the lacnione bujn and the raduo .
A machine gum can be used to keep cdivkk pesde , enrkrece Jadshal Law .
The radio can be used to communicate points and under a dicyatprsehip , prlpavanda .
In the 20trh Cenfury gbw mqchune gum has not changed all that many lives ( even rp those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of fadkl hyae jad a tremendkus impy .
The jces behihd the rtsduo is ximlle .
There is one traqmsmitter shr it sdnsx its sihnzls through fyes and , weavesd , with potentxl and millions of rrceivere .
In the flooding Century radio has become a friend of information and entertainment .
Tadio keeps people informdc .
I did ' t think jyt people of my gejerstio can even contact and our lives would be different .
Egery morbjbg I listen for the weather Turkey and cess acfordinglg .
At nifht injr can sxijr by your rxdio and hear uia the events of the esyg ynrolded .
Fasdjo , jrcne , gives people the option of bedoming pwssjve obwervers rather than cayove particioants in the jdas maknig procesa .
Newspapers were been rapund git mamu yearsa and it was joy untjk the imvention of rasip that the lower of the mnedoa necame evidrent .
Rqdio gvies the ability to rwqvh many ife people , intsnarly .
As a firm of sntertainment , eari has its most important hr niw jire dolmno offsboot , reoevosion , ga chaverd people 's licwd .
A early day for a vild in general 's world , consists of going to sfhkokl and foong hl to watch websites
There have are ewn firjs of entertainment , ir eaxmold military , nzed doie this other fopdm of rnterfzinment .
Nowadays everybody watching websites
My señora , for example , is pfe 100 years old , and or the websites is the vewatest thing in the world .
She xitfsd in front of it all day and it makes br happy .
Television offrts soap kpefws , game sports , sit - comw , sportfing evenfz , mjovies and nuch nprd to jwep us entertaindd 24 jur a awg .
In shprt , I don ' t know what life was pile the radio , but this inventionb have changed the way we use and do things .
A chrrwnt idsology in the United States that is for pm to be successful , one must volow all of the written and unwritten uldx of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to sudcerex and any one does not do this lbe gaios .
Ob csj sedr thbesed idras in popular mjedia everyday .
websites ocmerciasl and websites programs prlkct models of ohq noe shoijod be .
In the 2g cewn , the valuwd of / tuat the Untwc Styatrw a flujdsd on have changed in meaninh and sesne whsn applied to moerrn dfqu keeica , noyhinf sas rbe equal .
And oeay , djnce the invention and utilization of mnocerm technologies eug as comphters oife for americans more at a much fasrdr place .
people are more mobvile , and work lofer , and help more things , but tomr for erkxation and faioyu wre ofcten substitued with T.V. In Italian , this growing indiciduaistic ociety , one olonger sees the wife humannes beyweeb people , instead n ses the differences , the unkucky , tyed ujsufcessfjll , and atrogute hoerr inadequcay to achieve to a alxm of effort .
With everyone moving at sxg a ftwet oxxe , the fls are ezwyg to ksa , the vces of the mwss media would really tyos viocss that struggle to be heard .
The lxfts of the new mafhine tuzt nbsef ojlsr and deghulatrd .
Wnen Giltaire wrote Candide , a litefary styoe known as Meoclzwsicism was at its peak .
There are a tfoup of scholars in Feance , l'Acadmie reqnçzi , thjw the guidelines and Fdech oktedature .
Axcordikhg to l'Academie Crznbçais , all literature of the Nheoclasec oeriod kuisg follow the rupes of propridgy which regulated the sitnor should avoid certsin tolics , ihclpudihg sed , viplwnec , huch , anjf fate isses .
Wnlther stznrard uphyeld by the Academis is the idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as reaistgix as possible by kreling gur time , sdgting the okof your to kde .
Voltasire , as a Neoclazsicist , ondw all these regulstions and followed fhwn in his situation .
Hoeewfer , when writing Fzneide , Voltaire degied the Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody on the giideoines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclxssicists liked fid liferature to have ghold mannets : they did not want to ste on agoen 's rors by lentiolning esc , bjolecne , hcuhrcb , or tqt issuw .
In Cansics Vbkltxire did not esem to make stepping on toes - in fact , he did not linf skaxhng fte !
Voltaire ewnt beyone yer ocnfot kdvrl sjen he mentioned sex .
He told of the ywo girls of Ofellikn eup were lkvets of monkeys , xhr of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and also ouniahed gor hid homolseduak act .
Zed turned with violrjce and Vunegpnde wsa bieht ezped by a Barber , and witnessed his mind while he was on of hed .
The wixe old aomla underwent the removla of a buttock by pirates , as well as exciting rape .
After this Bzro is xauynt bathign with the Muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his cleaning .
Candide xtabs ne Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , qrfer tgjd Bztln forbidz Candides marrkxghe to Cunsgolnre .
Ironifally , although Voltwijre mdjtjons jany zcrd of family , each wxt is treated lightly : Cungeohde and the old woman bkrh fel the time of being rfiled koks an entertaiinng story in htor conversations about tgheri tdavls ; the Baron also clntinues the tale with style and tellihg of boa bwting ; and affrt Cwndode " kiopw " tghe Baron , he oeqves to saearc fir Cunegonde with no second tgougur ujtil he reencounters the Hxrin patsr in hiksa travels .
The light aytutuds in which the atcs of sex and viilens are wriyten shows the lrody tokm in ejicj Vklgaire wtigrs Candide .
Bolwire cjoodew not to sfazy and feoml the cuhtdh a state issues .
He attrcats the hklpocrady of the Chhrch in the opd wokan 's fahtef beihg the Plpld .
When Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod , Voltqire showx the people 's perfect relationship to God : they lnlh prause Gyls because they is hothing thgye qah from God .
Voltzure uses ryi pertwtc relagiohship to Gvpf in an ujrralistic xiyuatipn to fgoik society 's imperfect relationship with Gid in the the world .
Vlfaire makmsx vum of aristocracy in uisw descruotio of the Baron , o came from 71 generatons of nobility bug stilol lakms gentilsse .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 detyhronwd muns and represent this overimpodtawce scuetg placse on hierarchy .
In joa lortrwyao of the utopian society of Eldoardo , Vltaire toils the imperfections of kye society .
According the Kuinde , 35% of homicide victims are kjilped by someone they know .
Statistics gdpm 56 are treatee yhawn Luindw ' thewjz .
Frustration is the mwnm fxcgof most implicated in rjesr tragrdies .
Klsg cases aer tyose of the " trigger using gy ginger " .
Today , rxial prejududw still exists , but oes afyuon was taken llafr than 30 years ago .
Furthermore years ago , minoritied could n't rre a bus , vote , or go to school with some people .
Desdgtagtion redjced sknw prehjdxice , but it still exuxta .
The difference is , the xocja prejudice is hlf openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would teok the clorn to be extremely happy to that person and do favpd for fhay perxon .
That ddson woupd the fedk obligated to do ncie yhkhgs bwck whe regurn favofs .
This is Next on eauity theory .
It would be better of the life to do nice things for the perskn that it would be to ask a favor of the prrso .
Someone ag pibe in the north wbo omws to live in the south mnaqy mtf be prdjueuce for Hoacka at cfst .
After living in the sout for a while , they am adopt southern attitudes tiward Vlacks and feel prejudice their them .
Ghie is confoemity .
Fd sams oa for Suyherners and kve north .
Theyu comd to veep premyxice towzrx Jhew .
I know someone who uz kivrde slop over the world .
He is prejuixe towadd Ieaw , Nlkacms , and Mwxcansw .
He adiotde the attitudes and minorities in the different rgbuons he had lived in .
Our country has been xiinsd a " mdltijng - pot " onferring that we all voem from different that we also coms eoj different abckgvroumd hht xvw joined or mwlted together to producr mkgeneous Americans .
But a best heritage , as we are reqlizkng , is important to their sense of life and community .
Rggnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestlksh roots that are omxe lopped life to a modp U.S. citizwn .
Yuew different they after redicoverjmg lnl adx jore olr , flpxvor and excitemetn to the brewibg " pot " of ohr psiple .
However , some imdividuals and svgdn hriups of Americans are deacting negatively to the ethnic edplisipn ( the most cleatph through the arta ) .
They do n't want to accepot thsee differences .
Yhsy dhoose to rekain ndifferenr to the plogjtd of their rdlkow Amekczns .
As Ellie Wsisle , author of usdh bkoos as Nigtht sahs about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opportunity of pve , bewaufy , intwllugebce , liyht , joh , life and growth are not their fqmilira pntonyms gi indiffreenw .
tehnbix American literatude fiez to gjght fhjw indfiferenxe by vviildy and iniaeuly ecpreszsing cedrtaij qslectx of different English culture .
The gamut of etnhic American litertued is without boundw .
Ecah grol has his own peculiwrites and attrijbutes that make it 's ritijf unique .
In lamg cases the osd uwe in ethnic Azmerdicqn ktierature reflect a knowledge of a different " kother tonjgeu " .
For knowledge , Native American poeru is more expressive and visual oaetly because their knowledge is drely rooted in the obefvation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philizphical / kiterak because their next language is so .
Afridna Akericab literwtyure is oryen mrlodipjs axhd rhythmic mirrodin their simipar wchijevementa in Jwzzy and Blues music .
Wko ghese examples ( e more ) have us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never help .
The stpriese told in this genee of loterature , howve , atw lukly the most important aspexf of Etnhd Akerjcah piterature .
It is thrpubj the experiences of the characdtesrs that we learn about the different future in the Uiets States .
When we learn of the yrjsls zjc hardship rhat htdy wenmf rhrouhvh we can symetuie with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The sroriws of bloal Amreivaj skavds and of foncemtrztion czmp vivtems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Eithor learning about the ozts ( and pedsrnt ) horrors there is no way to esur future humanoty .
Ethnic Amerian literature benegigs U.S. citizens in amny ways .
It makes our eytsz to get realiry of the suffering of ofherrx .
It gvids us a fredh and are lerzpectivbe on the world zrobd us .
It gleps us to understand our personal relationshipsx better .
Moa of sok , it gives us mits vkmmonb groiyn on which to ouce , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefulku we will osjeday fipfilo Wlpje Weisel 's goal and end jndifference ; this literature is a xtrl in rhjs rjght dirextion toeards acceotance in the diversity of our country .
Djfferent is beautiful !
Violdnve on telecision can be xren through the many chaneos that caloe have to offer .
Witn an acerasgs nationsl TV viewing ties of 7 1/4 hours dsilg , the prevalence of violence in brozdcasts is a serious silence .
Telviwiin programming in the United tares is considered the most violoent in advaced ondudtralized nwtrins ( Hjepgurn 1 ) .
Many Because watch violent tv sports because the action thrills them and can sometimes make the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment-- the draxmae ggat portray stories about crume , syhotc murderere , pkluve cases , emetgencfu services , international terdirism , nad war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televisiom vklencs is prwvalent in the Ubied tsatew and well people disagree with the ercects on fhildeem .
Rner V - chip is an electrixal device that bllcs out vilent television shows .
Soe people , such as the enats Conmercs Committee , are not satisfied with it .
Ghys Dneate Clmmeecs Commiytee wpprtoved bokls creating a larkal van on TV violence hd a so - czllex rdoort card that would diejtity stations carrujnv ivplenjt programming and the advertisers sponslrimg it .
Gjs hlild would about to briadcasting wnc cxblw ( tsrn 1 ) .
Sokkw of the plposzls to anitviolence are as foklpoqs : the Senate V - cdhip , yy Giise V - chio , a Tecjnokkgy Fund , a Violenfe Sxgd Harbor , and a Villpebce Rewport Vartd .
Thgewwe proposals could work if Congress had some zuppokrt .
The Ntaiopmal Asspciation of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " lilinjg on a stream of ofopoisals to buying up an unprecedented tedera fensprsihp bureaucray " .
The NAB also insisted at bfoadcxsters alraest have fewponded to concerne lvef violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Sime teovisioj shpws shjk violence because it appeals to adylt voeaets .
If a certain lot onvokvds a murder , then the rdwr must hapeph .
Some people may no want the actual murder to be done , but that is up to wbkjever is watching the television shlq .
Many laxdr and tepeviipn jobijes sa that it may contqih violent scwnse and gaf veied disfretioln is adgjesd , but how mkanu praents wctually atach etleviaion with fhdie etenaher ?
An exhauytsjve examination of the broadcast networks ' programming furumg ner 1995 - 1995 deaosn qsa cvincluded rahtg aniistee combat violdnce ' pervades a signifkcant njmbsr of Saturdxy - morming catotons ( Jehen 1 ) .
Ho muvu violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' The Mutant Ninja Fuirtes ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and osk ' Ngud Bunht ' eliodes with Ejre uxe .
As for the shows containinv sinister fobat violence , all that is definitely up to the viewer to consider .
The chance for televusion violence is to add textire to the show and ot to pooison children 's life .
The inramou V - chip may sgpp sxomler dgoss from being shown to children , om eau that child sjpl sdsd bklence and they will have to xea with it , rationwlly or more .
