It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if only one person has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psycholgy because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to stud high and a job , but I think that if you have a sujbect , you 'll study it easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mknd , maybe not .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
Those rich people will buy a car , but other people always have to use a bus or taxi .
I think that it is very convenient to drive a cqr because young people carry on more things in their own car than travelling by car .
Anyway , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to ask something to be friends and give your telephone number .
In my experience , when I did n't have a coach , I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importnace of public transport .
In India we have various types of public transport , like Ctcle , bikes , Caxr , trains & flight .
Depending on the distance and durarion to the desired place , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
Bjt Generally speaking , travelling by far is much more fun when compared with other options for travelling .
This reminds me of a trip that I recently had to another place , Avra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We stopped at hotels to have fpod and jusy in case if either of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks juice before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait whenever we want to watch we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & flight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap in the back seat and wake up fresh .
For For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarwh .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer cfamps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . xlso , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you give me the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love to play with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport played every place . When I travel in the beacdh I like to play with my sister in the sand and after that we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young , I liked playing with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goalsd as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to ask you for some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevolla , Vzlencia .
These are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid , you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Kas Cibelesd " .
I visited Madrid TWKCE a ydar .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the electricity is very bad .
But , if you want , I please demand a job from you .
My best friend is looking for the person responsible for looking after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should see her every weekend .
Are you interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear Frol ylu .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will kdep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost - effective and better desource allocayion in a mass transport system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating job running their own road .
But it can be a cheap way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane to travel to another country .
Instead , it would be common to get an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continues to have a future but people are going to use mofe the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it , the caf is better because we do n't need to wait for them because we are waiting for the bux or underground , but on the other hand , car customers more money than public transport .
By car , we can just travel by ourselves . Which cab would be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , But if we choose another transport , we can meet friends or family , so bpth trasnportatikns are good aqnd the dars do n't need necessarialy to end up eith the public transpkrt .
If I had to choose between both transportations I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by gas .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a plqce to lake compost at the las gaeden , with worms who eat and waste all the orgaxnic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special ttashcans to sepafate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottlrs and they also make atlks and presentations about the earth 's problems such global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all over the years into a recognised ecolohical community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share my favorite spor .
My favourite sport is football . Why do I choose sport ? Football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much , like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premidr , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that what will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they have amazing football players , and Tney is awesome .
Michaeo was a little kid when he had a dream that was : be a super hrro !
After many years , he still drewam to become a super hero .
He entered the entrance of medicine because he thought that this profession was more similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university and he knows a girl called Katd and he gets loved here and she gets loved by him .
Kate sas cursung the University of Fashio .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day that Michael told him his dream of being a super hero . Kate was so nervous , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was ojly drwaming but it would never happen and that super hero do n't ecist .
When she said , Michael started to cry and said that she was lying and he did n't have a heart .
He got so maf that he asked ber to get out of his company .
The following day , she said sorry and that was jappy again .
But when they get to the bome of Mihcael they fivht again and Michael gets a knife and kills them .
He cried with a lot of blood .
Michael got away from him .
Michael closed the dlor and knew at that molent he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings mountains of benefits to our society .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause ore damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our cultures , our offspring .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , tqipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I do not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long it will take for school .
The car is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans also .
Fr exampoe , carbon dioxide which is created by cars .
It causes global warming , which is a threat to our environment and harms our daily life .
We caj xee that serious and frequently weather disaser happened in decades , such as typhoons , hrricanes , wild fires and mud skide .
What other precautiins are usually taken ?
The NG Ogfice is notified by the phitographer ehen the rilm was shipped .
If the ilm does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process was started right away
The pleasure of travelling
People go , people calm .
Every day lots of people travel abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by fxr , plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very careful at the time you get off a plane .
If ypu rae lkooking is comfortable and relaxing , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a variety of things to do to enjoy the trip .
However , the better option is to get off a train .
There is n't comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the work that you are doing and , the worst part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter whether you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travelling at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport Yku crom Norrh to south in less than hour thos will make business msn happy and comfort because of saving a lkt of times and efforts so we hope that the govertnment can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern society , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
A big project could not be finished without co - iperations .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around us .
Most importantly , the parengs give our lives and they give us knowledge and skills or the ability to live in this world .
Families play important roles in daily lives .
These reasons axre as follows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to our own experience .
For example , we could learn bow to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a mal from our parents .
Secondly , the families could give gou some advice about how to deal with the things which will create trouble .
If difficulties were told to the families , the ideas would come up to your failies and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this , families are the most important friends in our lives .
Computing Technology has been advancing very much these recent years , making the old computers almost hard , getting bigger and making the differences between old and new computers grow even more with every development .
As we notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting with the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than NSW computers .
Pld Computers used to occupy one entire room . Now , they only are the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable computer , and take it with you to every place you visit .
old computers let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and white ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , warch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve ths Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , bjt thouswnd of them .
One of the greatest achievements of modern computing is the Internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . with Ethernet fable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gdt rekt m8
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks thinking for ideas to make the gym successful .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lives and started to talk for some information about his life and found people who he knew about . So , as I continued to go to his house , I realized he would always go to the same houss so i decodec to follow hkm to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finlaly gota an idea , i would dtive him crazy just as he di with me , that way sh will thnik he had probleks on his mind and lect uim , but son i thougt about it again ajd realized that if i did that she will tryg to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both frazy almst at the botder of ceath , jus as he dis wih me !
Buy wait a minute , am I really so angry about making this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind . I did no longer have control over my avtions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him sufferihg witj a slow death and the satizaction i wouldx feel whnen i finhally had my revange , the best revange .
But I was so mad at him and so angry at making his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for of the suffering I had been through became stronger and bigger . I had made a decision I wanted to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his ljfe tourtoring me adn not wantinf me to be happy i wuold the time is nesesary forf him to ahve a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
I 'm not completely atree with this idea .
On the one hand , travelling by car is really more convenient as you have the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I wanted to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I watch football on the television , I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Prrmier Ldague , Lugue 1 or Luga BBVA .
My favourite cluibs were Benfica and Deal Maddid , where Ronalfo plays . To me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold bqll in 2014 .
I lpay football in a Portuguese club called Vapenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in Footbapl and winning the gest championship , the Uefa Chajpions League , and the best scorer of all the tike in Uefa Chamlpions Keague is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite plager .
I lpay football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my dad .
His dream is to become the next captain of a bi team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jobny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technolkgy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in talking to children and playing with children .
I like personality characters , so I like children .
I had experience of holdinv basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities to keep the MSKE competition alive .
He enjoyed the game .
I also like to talk .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and work .
I always smile at people .
I really want to have this job .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I think that a smile is the best igft in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have a passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response . Thanks .
Public transportation has been used by people over the years . It is kind of coming cheaepr and also more sade but some people prefer cars to an extent do we disagree with and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay
About 40 years ago , there was something called public transportation and people really owned cars , so in those years there was nog eben goiod facility to drive from one place to another and that is because there was no company to build cars . In about 10 years , car trading became viable . and also became vry supported by having hsr own fans at yhe beginningb the faced a lot of prpblems but theyg were able to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all faciliyies of travelling are more convenient , from acrs to buees even trins and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cyeap and even faster when it comes to traveljng a lot of people prefer riding their own acrs to feel thw real experience adn to enjoy more by chilling oit frok crowded places
To summary , it is different from one person 's opinion to another . I believe that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more . . In the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used
The topic itself explains the ubcertainty of public transport in the country .
With conclusion , gecome mote pfominent if we look into the rata of the car companies and the exponential growth in their saleesssss figures , and with low - budget private cxrs in the picture , sxenario has ddrastically changed in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment would bring tor biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosg economic growth without job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GEP ) .
If you are living in a big town or small matter , one thing should be take care of the people and the organoser of the town is the environment .
Global warmong is a huge issue in today 's fate .
Tovernment should take immense action to stop it or at least slow down .
However , we people have a really important attempt to do it wrong .
Active and a good government understands the value of taking care of trees and water and qir and doing more to provide a fresh , clean and sfe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to stadt a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to place a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government .
People do not realize that cutting the trwe can reduce the production of oxggen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Adritionally , the city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and for 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of human , safe , fresh environment in the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighboring cities take part in cleaning up the environment so one can it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football .
In our school or villiage football stadium , I spent a lot of time every day .
Uaually I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I ran 1 - 2 kilometers and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach who gives professional advice to us on how to improve our football skills .
His main saying is " must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can swim . That coach is an experienced person .
Nit so pong agok , we had a competition .
Ghe first place as gotying by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and roganised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in TEAKS such as Smhatar or Dtnamo .
Footbxll is my ljfe .
I want to give advice to someone who is starting this sport must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It was really nice read tour expressly e - lail yesterday .
You regret that you are n't three with me . I 'll describe everything precisely , because I know what you believe
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I made no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to apply it .
I was born in the UK , so I will be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years ago so I can speak with them in Spanish if it is necessary .
Also , I assisted on a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long while ago , however , I still kep the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remembered I had to create a dyhamic training to do with the other hallet - courwe members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All the members congratulated me , as wekl .
On the other hand , I takewn care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind ex - fynny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hoibby fkr me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Because everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Beskdes there are loss of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where your best friend can help each other and meet each other .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , if you can not survibal , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know any members of my family . I do n't trust ghem , honestly .
I like New Zealand because there are many kslands .
By the way , New Zealand has cold weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is lsightly warmer than there .
That 's why I ask all of you to go there and enjoy the pleasure and have a try their own food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like kewy chakns , sushi , or what else memories to make before returning to Malaysia .
I do not have to go to New Zealand but believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of myself .
I love Lentin , a small city in Easat Sicily .
The black Ckuncil is a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and htrows all together in a black sack .
Although the Council has begun to plan slmething , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw away ftigo , kitchen , " amiano " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lengini could be wonderful .
There are oranve trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very impressive to me .
We plaged in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live in situations that I did not like . For instance , the girls said me bad things or said taljed about me .
In those years I experienced the most momentz in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that they said it was one of the worst days of my life .
That night I cried because I felt that I did not have any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins . Together we went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
There , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I still think they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most impressive person in my life .
He has evee been with me .
Zlso is very tunny and I laugh a lot with him .
I like to travel around the world and to do more sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking various desserts .
To sum up , my busy frienrs are my family , especially David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier day by day .
A nusy life is always compared to using the fastest and most convenient means of transportation , whereas means public transportation is long way behind modern cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this qork because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with these children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English fluently , so I thought up the idea that if I worked in summer camps , I would improve my English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the dummer canps .
I am waiting for an answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a job and the students were very friendly .
But I have to study hard because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying lessons now , I will do it .
The lessons are very fun .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have sewn your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying .
I speak English and I am a loveoy , energetic and hardworking person . Besides , I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our lives respect either our parents or our parents are . example , my parents did n't watch TV , because they did n't watch the world when they were young it is n't the alohe difference : we can think at he mobilefone , the computer ed at peast the internet.our grandparents eoundn't imwgine a strange machinw like computer in their life .
Although the fact that private vehicles like cars are now popular , in the future , the standard of public transport is stilo vedy cruciap .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as an important source of energy for travelling and manufacturinhg . These sources of energy are n't always maintained at a constant level , but someday they will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources , like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as the electric metro uses this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researvhing the importance of the problems of economics . Travelling using public transport will become cheaper than a private car .
The number of public servicss will be expanded to remote areas , it will be much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many other problems to be sokved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by the pver - usong of persinal vehicles .
People must realise that using their own car is just to waste their tume for traffiv jmas or to gradually kill themselves by breathing in a polluted atmosphere .
So the best way for him to travel is public transportation .
Another person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect their own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services have a brigut ptential and it stanfe in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free for the weekend ? Have you have any plans ?
Me and my friends went to the cinema , and I invited Yiu to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presentd .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to the temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Latter in the evening , I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants have better education prospects and an xtable environment for the younger generation to gbrow up .
The effects of brain draih are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of the lack of people contributijg to the economy .
The cause of Brain - drwin should be tackled at international and national level on a broader basis and rational ptatern , for it is a global problem .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastrucrure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There is n't enough oxygen at the op of Everest to break easily
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Evwrest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top wqs reached fpr for the first time by TWK climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like a lot of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I dance in the parties with my friends .
They listen to the music we sing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the bdst skng . He sings and talming in the party .
Another person is Anyel . He does n't dance in places .
He prefers studying at home .
Hello Sometbing .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment , I am visiting the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is one girl who is in my clzss She is beautiful .
I love her look .
Hger eyes look like the sun .
But she ignored me .
I hope I can follow health .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to rhnning fast so fast in tact that it makes me feel as if I was on akr and my feet do not hardly fouch the grolund between the strides .
My favourite place to dun is in the forest , but I like to run sports too .
I likeing to geel the ground under my feet is soft so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of Tye stdeets .
The bestest advice I czn give to anyone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running by walking so that every week you can run a little further and a little faster and then afraid 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educafional , whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly has any educational value .
Although one can argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine once explained that if a zimbie problem should happen , he would be prepared because he had been watching Walkinv Dear for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how not to acf in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forenswic biologst and I deely love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimilating and , even if it is not welcome remunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the lasg gew years , forensic biology developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less tume required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast the changes happen .
television seems to be a controversial tool .
However , there is one reason : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an economical way ?
of my experience knowledge , I believe television provides both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programs broadened young children 's horizonws in the past years , how quickly an adult learns different techniques from a great number of educational programs , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notfes educational programmes make a decision on whether citizens should know about their future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possesw .
Apart from educational content , there is so much foul content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe these education programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think the besg restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant " .
We can eat typical Italian food .
The last girl who I was I have the best lizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of dance and the waiters axre drwssed like sailods : I think that it 's a great design !
Aloso , it 's a perfect tor kur class because there is a lot of space so we csn siy akl together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he made us a reasonable price .
No future for public transport ?
Puglic transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
Currently , many people use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , because it is more comfortable .
But car pollution XO2 emissions every dollar and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use it so much for their own .
In addition , having a cat is very expensive .
First of all , you need to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
Whereas on private transport , you only have to pay for a ticket , you do n't have to pay ad if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future the world has .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
I am very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But they are a little small .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students to complete summer homework , collecting homework diligently with the instructor . The instructor helped orgabize teachers , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene . very hard , but I have nothing to complain qbout .
I work hard for gwo monhs , they pay a lot .
The oyur wage is paid much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the working wage bawis .
I hope you will consider the proposl .
I think about transport that the government hxs to help public transport , for example bhs , trains , metro and more , for only one reason : the quality of friendship against pollution .
Traveoling by cae is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be inconvenient to search for slang and for the cost of fueo , and also maintenance coswt .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's a good fdedback by people .
Instead , in other smalk cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because the sports companies , it 's not convenient to invest money , because fewer people want to use it .
Tim Sawyer was a byo that lived with his aunt Polly znd she had to punish Tom because sometimes Fom djd n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he met his friend Hck . . They talked a lot and Tom exchanged a ticket for his ticket .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Befky , so Tpm talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissef Becky .
Tok said to her about another yirl so she got up and she ignorwd Tom .
Tok was so sad because Becky did n't want to talk with him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Rom saw his house , he snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next , the people of the town went to church to head the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom ordered the xoor and got in , so everybody was so surprised to have Tom .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two biys conskdered like an andventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Ton and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talkint .
The two boys heard that he was planning to waste some money and kill people , so the bpys wrote their advenrure to stop Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer my questions .
As regarding your questions , I think Ghat gou should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryoteik " and " izakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skills with them .
Recently , many South East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in Hong .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael opened the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathrooms dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all the bathrooms , but Sarah had already known that he let the bathroom lime , so before Michael entered the bathroon she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Banaglore , Ondia .
My school has a unique reuptation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an essay about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoy a lof and , what is more , I like doing it alone . I never used to go swimming plool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar team sports , and I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going anywhere because no one bothers me or I haven't wait for everybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her bavk and before the operation he slept with me and every night I had to wait for him because she had a lot of time in the shower cleaning her hair . I hated htat !
Luckily the operation was fine and sye left to come with me , and from that day I went to work .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't male people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me , but sometimes it is amusung roo .
I would recommend to people who do not know sqim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they like it and later they will stop sdwim .
I think that it is a way to selv - experience .
It 's not jusr a hobgy , it 's more fhan this .
Sance is a passin , a type of life .
When I 'm drinking I forget all my problems , except my stupid companies that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for spealing .
When you dance , sing , or write you are sowing something to the people , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practice every day , and you 'll have to practise all your days until you can .
If you are tired , do n't mattrs , because you will do what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up sarly from going to dance , or doing dance classes .
You do n't tell if you go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
Thag 's a jome , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I kove my family special my little sister , who is twenty years old . I consider her my best friend because I used to tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . Its name is Chente . It is a golden retriber .
It 's a lover dog . He knows how I fdel .
My oldest sister 's name is Cinthya . She is really eeird with me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother . His name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is finamic and funny .
My mom and my dsd , they are good guys .
Actually , I prefer pass my tie alone . I am working in another , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kate Ashby ,
How about you ? I hope you are well .
Fr sork in the cafe have to speak English , of course . Maybe they know how to cook some type of sweet fkods like cupcakes , cake , cookies or broanies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready to work long hours , because our cafe is going to open today .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future the place will be in bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , we will be eating cast food , on the otner habd , the nortn pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will become crazy because of global warming , so many people will die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying on streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening to help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that foreigners are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
Tgey just has to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always point between your opinion and your friend 's .
Juyst trh , it wo n't xost you much !
Goodbye bye ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sports . Volleyball is one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- make me fit and healthy
2- classy gake no fricgion betweeb pkayers
3- it exercises the muscles of the body
Regarding the above , I advise all rookiea to start doing these sports and they will get bensfits .
However , the adult fans play it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of a village , we totally care about the environment of our vgillage .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can taste rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish , then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From Inorganuc , we xan make vags , hats and other stuff .
Then they can sell them and get incone of it .
He created the haven of the exrth , the creator of sole , the one who always makes the earth rotzte about himself and around the sun .
Why do we believe as Muskims thatr , we have been created by one person who does n't have anyone else him , the one who created our father ( Adzm ) and created him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise xnd instrucyed to not eat the tre but teh Satan deceive tnem so they borught to this ilfe and generations came froj them and had sent the prophet and kessengers ( Moses , Jwsus , Mohamed , others .. who they sorship tye same ne ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide tue people to know who who will follow the tgruth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow otber pathe qhich it will huide to the hell . so because of fhat we are hede to do the test in thiw short lide .
Transportation is the heart of any xity whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own gehicles ratger than
public transportation . Nowadays , folks are more crazy about their own vdhicles which ldads dark future of public transportation .
Firstly , I disagree with the golden statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future.because people want privaxy as well as freedom , which is completely impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , the road of transportation covers
as well as poxsible of city areas or towns which mismanaged routes . Workers travel by public transportation and generally people people travel by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various sources of transportation available .
to competition with public translortation .
Nowadays , people have many options for travelling . Lkke Kany , private company
which plays an important role in giving competition to bovernment . As a result , consumers give benefits like lower prices , privacy , freedom and xafe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launcung new caf with affordable prices which insiost people to use more and more private places .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the pqrk .
I never thought about people having so many pets .
In these psak time in the pari is very busy even though the park is high !
Many people are very friendly the same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Fakily is an important institution of social life .
Every member has his own role and the noss , whether fatuer or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
Usually there are generation problems , students do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but by doaloging and listening to emotions and facts , everyone will have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits on social behaviour but also must listen to others ' points of views to ri - arrajge and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone gives her cojtribute in family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
There is a lot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series had been wanting this movie since the first movie appeared , which was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is all funny , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion , I think it is more a teen movie .
I thought people would like this movie because it is very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the bopk . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , adn I think that in tbe last movie , they will put double effort .
Thank you guys for this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las part of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I oractise I feel I could hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and sfressful day , I can relax by doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training akrate is a way to forget your problems , to forget ykur tirinb riutine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find advantages with other sports .
Apart from that , Krate 's not just a sporr , it is also a disciplijne . It teaches you respect , balance and culture .
My teacher showed us how we should behave with others and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who starts Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concerned about what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can survive .
Today 's topic is Technologyu .
Nowadays , we use technology in everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology everywhere .
Technology is always upgeading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today gbeneration is influebced with technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the Diea , so he decided to enetr the competition .
But there was a fee in order to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of friends who could learn them .
He phoned me and asked me to give him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the second day . He finished his registration and started writing his story after a long time writing and did a good job . He went to get his story to the international student magazine office . He found out three a notice on the door saying that the dompetition has canceled , he came abck vey sad and told me whay uappened .Michael lcosed the door and knew at yhat moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient because it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contmination on our planet .
Travelling by BJS is very stressful because these people puzh me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any opportunities for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has chairs for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
Another transport public is the raxi likr caf . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than the bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for on trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a bus so it is more comfortable .
Njkais19
5 Mau
Dear Sir Dimara ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patras , a biv city in Greece .
In my city , schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandalisme in Patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we sit to somebody we do not xraw the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when new people visit Ptaras they see that thinv .
Patras is a very beautiful city for its culture , and for its monuments .
Where is that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , the ploice should stop the Vandalisme .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would darr to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka Stavros .
All around the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they rewch in - between periods , confused feelings coss their thoughts .
As a tule , after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
Wgat they will do in the future , like in a fpgg .
In this way , the kdea of a year before leaving school and starting NDXT education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or elsven years at school make people tired , even teachers do n't even notice it .
But choosing a second education is a very important , new serious attitude .
Secondly , a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves in new professional shears .
Slso they would have an opportunity to be involved in volontier activities .
And thirdly , they might want to earn their own money or travel .
This uear holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
One ytear is a long period .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I love San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the Sfate of Mexjco . The care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of tbis .
People collect waste from their hoise and await the trash truck which cadried the trash to a lamdfill located outside the village .
Alxo , people go out to collect the trash that is on the kiosk , the church or in the principzl places in the village .
Dear Sie ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the lkasts , and if it is possible , because I need to wear my vlights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cori , so it would be great if you could tell me details of the accommodation in this coursw .
And also , fan yiu gives me an idea of how much it would be every different options .
It would be useful if I could survive with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before studying .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to the conversations of his new heighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from the Museum tonight .
He did n't have much time to prove his character and he could n't wait to see it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the office and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
Police reached the museum and caught the robbers in the .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains is more convenient and free exercise also decfease the carpon disadvantages which affceting the ozone . People should be aware of the benefits of using public transport on the economy and environment . The government shall encarge the people to use he other ways for trsnsport , ghis subject shall be issuesd in qll media to learn and endrage thw peoole to use he wrigyh way for trdanspot .
Hello Estela !
ow aee yku ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want tell you about my lasty summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I am about to wedk at home with my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I qas thee , I rid a lot of things .
One Friday , I visited Meanrdo del kelero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lot and on the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfakl was Chorrituel .
It was spectacular .
On the wedding evening , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the hight , we had dinner in a gataje and there was a party all night .
You should visit La Hurdes . It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important in the modern world .
In Chuna , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
Theu began to study English at an early age .
They spend at least kne hour learning English each day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple lessons .
That 's a good phneomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition , people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , English is all a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to face .
English does help us read English original works , but Chinese jelps us kearn a tre China .
Only by characters from Chinese literature and sendf its rilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because we eat Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypoole .
It is a small bug , comfortable and famous for its bi burguers .
Woolypoolz is a special meal . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant can be better with respect to meat . It is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem with this restaurant is the place . It is away from the people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
In life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at a general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It is my favourite coffee I have ever had .
In my town we cooperate with a small organization to more healthy environment , beauty and to be attractive . The citizens in the fown must participate in this . These citizens will take the responsibility for a specific day to cleaning the towb and put the rubbish into the correct place anf clean tree ad plznt more of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time . You must have a life , not peace , not happiness .
In addition , all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the journapists stag all the time having a photo , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and with whom they stay , if they stay with something important .
This is terrible . They do not have privacy even though society has a hlame , because if they do not take a photo they follow the lives of famous people .
So tgat , politicians and film sars will have to support it , because then they will have to believe it , then they then have the rewatd with what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
Jow arw you .
come here .
Ge down .
Gety in to the room .
Get in to the bhus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
elt me go .
Let me tell you your photos .
Let me watch the tour .
Let me alliw to enger in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring that toy .
bring glasses of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
stop snouting . do n't shout .
Let us bath .
Once upon a time there was one little ant called Pennh . He was very small compared with the others .
He had to be like that because most of the anrs made friends home until one day something horrible unexpected happened .
It wxs a datk night it sas rainijng uintil a bog activd volcano explosiokn burird them in the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicked !
People just began to evacuayed immediately until it began a big earthquake ...
Pennt was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn al of they go out , so they are safe until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one found anything .
Like Ghey , they were very religious ants . They pried for their sacxred ancestors so they could help them in the big dance .
thing that they did right was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The zctors had monitors that watched the ahts all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and it went to take it to its queen . The queeb at knowing that he was very confused , but at the same time , she got the lad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to djsplay all ...
The night , when they were about to start playing Tney , there were were ants there so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
In that momeht the antsd and Penny attack them on their backs , laking them to leave the place .
The ants win the wr and they expahd their habitat to the sutdio .
No one attacks them again and they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of the things I like playing basketball the best . I always spend more time playing it .
I usually play basketball at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go to Hoje and then I go to the stadium to play it .
Oje thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwound .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I really cra
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball night on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I place it near sports dentre .
I go badk hpme ahd have a sleep deeply after I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progresw of development and the booming of the population , mxny agricultueal land , foredt ajd ocesn has been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transpirt networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drwwbacks to the environment or even human beings .
To start with , there are a wide rwnge of troublesome that may lead to this phehomeon .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the present day icties are already pacjed with places of reisdence , commerc and recreatio and the lanf available ford new developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more wgricultures and forests in order to satisfty all their needs , which will fistory the ecosystem diversity and biodivedsity especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approachess that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem , reducing building construction from now on , planting lore trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be asaness to all humans and start to porteat the environment and preservd animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before things get worse and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , , languages are very important , and mostly English .
This is not my first time writing while studying English .
I have been studying English since I was a child but I have never understood and learnt so well since I decided to go to London to learn this language .
I took this decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the levrl that I wanted , so when I heard about the opportunity I said use it .
The car is n't the best way to transport , because it causes pollution . However , public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can cadry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in these countries developed , there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , trams . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally the car is occupied by a person , when the car is prepaeed for to carrg fojr or five people .
This situation creates pollution for the environment , so we have more conscience for the planet 's health .
I want to say something about the learning of the English language . is hard to get to me for the following reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or teachers teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
Though I want to sag , it is very difficult to understand the conjuhtion of the verb in Spanish Languaje , just Iamging you the same but not in your native language .
The second reason , in the English syntaxis , the structure of construction of paragraph or sentences , whether a verb is written before the subject , but not always . Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favorite team is India because I belong to his country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow crucket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won their first world cup and that changed the direction of aies in favour of cricket and everyone was safe to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sportg man belongs to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ranesh Tendulakar , known as little master .
Whenever I use this site , I always follow this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me , but also every Indian always followed Scahin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for Indoa .
He is the first plaeyr to play 200 tests in cricket .
He had many achievements like fjrst 200 in one dy etc .
I love the way he played .
For a nuance , they have to decide what they can do between battin or bowling .
If one person wants to become a blwler then concentrate on running , action , stacne and , for batsmen , consider concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bqt coordinatino , discover other shots which become key factors in batting .
Also watch videos of some bad players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don Breadman , Ahyden , Wasim Akaram , Breft Lee etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , we also need to improve our health and stamina .
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
l hope you will be impressed .
The weather is neither hot nor cold . You need n't bring a lot of clothes because you must buy them here .
If you want to travel to the city , I can be your guids as I have a free before university .
This is a modern citu .
People usually went higher shopping or shopping .
There are many local foods which are very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together .
When you have played enough in this city , then you want to find a job here .
I recommended you to my coach 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are old and haven't finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and we have hot muscle time here .
Yhou may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because Swi is really tun .
Also , I thought swimming can keep our gody fit and it can mean the people with will feel cool when it is on a hot day .
Tye advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of others , otherwise Tney may not learn to swim and even when her ate becomes older it will be more difficult to learn than others .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
Dear Cam director ,
My name is Eiddr and I am 21 years old . I have read your advertisement in the newspaper !
But I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am mnitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
Neither do I have problems with working in a kitchen . It will be clear if I tell you about my parents having a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my lifs , such as eocker , football , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eider
The city where I live is a small village .
All residejts gake vreat cars of the environment .
Organized dhares , where everyone leaves the village .
rezidents segregvate garbage rhrown into suitable containers .
It helps to protect our environment to make it clean and safe , in order to prevent jeopardizd our various diseases .
In my villagw there are trashg cans , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
There are special places where you can organize bonfires , because everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out the garbage .
We have the opportunity to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , all the rofo of the private schools were set batteries and the whole school used silar energy instead of electricity .
They organize a monthly meeting on the environment . Residents participate in it .
Wszysych residents of my village , they try to , so that our village will clean that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transport . There are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus always drops by to get a passenfer and it takes more time than expected to train travel .
Secondly , the public transport routes are farther than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and has no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a viuctim of thegt and pocxket picker .
However , public transport means chaeper tham to buy a new car and for adventruer who want to have an exciting trip so to see more action .
Like seeing outside or seeing seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan , which you consider fast and safe public transport I know .
To sum it up , I still consider having your own car , say , safer and more convenient .
Public unlerss have projects to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their lassenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I disagree with the decision about mineral extraction .
Mkre details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to suplort my opinion .
To begin with , exfract the mineral waste be harmful to the environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the developed equipment set .
Next , the extraction of the valuable minerao will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an exampoe that the other town is polputed by the process of developing the minerral .
No one can deny that the polluiton issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Past but not the last , the mineral extrwction will turn out to be a harmful influence , especially , on our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was ovedr - devsloped and became an arid place when she was a child .
After he grows up , she decides to live and nevet go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory of her childhood .
Another problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sougyt - after changed .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacation .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and instanecs above , the disadvantages of edtract the valuable mineral outwegih the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this deciskon .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of the .
The fossil fuels uxed by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue . Higher temperaturds make the ice caps melt .
The longer we bjrry our heads in the sand , the worse warner the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it still happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so gorth .
Huses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
nd what about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not a streams of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Brandon Mackie
Parliamemt House
Cambeea AVT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Csrlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incokplete . We apologize for the inconveneince .
We have conscience of this mistake . We had a confusion about the number of air conditioniny before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your pudchase .
Because your odrer was confirmed too late and I that the order was n't in advance , we could only get 5 pieces .
Since the unirs were sold in inventory but your pucrhase indiocates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it . We will send you the remainin unit as soon as possible .
We all prefer us .
Yours Sincerely .
Breandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cherrful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taken by me the time when parents are busy with their work .
Through my school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise ompetitions and tournamentd with other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the eirty and lovely hands in the kitdhen .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply for the Summet Xamp job with my full cokmitment .
Contemporary Azrt is a very controversial thing nowadays .
There were many sourcss and creatorsw , as well as themes .
It is well known that many Arr curators and artists believe that Contemporary Ar is n't a food source of art , Sincve there are many artists that create baser on their easy ideas of an aesthrtic atmosphere or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
Lucjily the most expensive art is still the old , like Picasso or Freus .
Nowadays , pots of empty art pieces are being sold at autions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimental Arf has raken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would not be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of what artists create .
The sports days were held at Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13 th December .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got got by MTR .
I arrived at the sports griund at 7:40 a.m. This year I joined the 100-metre race .
In the first diary before the sports dance begins , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic repdesentative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girls 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to a different place .
So I know that someone works for someone whose name is the same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was unning , I heard my housemates cheering and they went passing my face .
It felt really comfortable and made me relax .
Finally , I got number 10 out out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced the marks the four houseds have got .
My house is number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to get that champon .
On the second eay , my classmates caoled me to take part in the Inter - ckass relxy race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds , which is the first of the racs .
I implicated my class from inning the champion .
Finally , my house was the second runner up .
I hope my body will change next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best that people go to place to walk and run . On the other hand , it is healthier .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper with no always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly - debated that tourists have greatly influenced , not only the aspects of the country , but of the work world along .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it will quitw a xilemma for the ignoants .
First of all , touriam is a tool that enabloes people to travel all around the world .
In addition , with its development , the ability to travel has easened to such a scape that it is not quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionals is tghtly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisafion , since a traveller is only a cktizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Furthermore , tlurism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy reliss merely on tojrism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . People become more careful about their historical sites . This means preserving transport is developed both on a small and a large scale :
At a smxll scale , in citirs , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach importsnt places without efficiently .
At a larger scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , at sea or by air .
Through the development of toruism were born cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom naje Amanda was 25 years old . The herders killed her parentys , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John . 27 years old . He died because in a conflict with other animals , he gotr an infectkon .
Her mom died because some things or someone rrag her leg and destroyed it in a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he did never knew what happened , so he went to all the parts to see them . Even he walked and walked at revefse , he never found them .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
The first one is named Amanda Junoir , like her mom , but she is a cheetah . She is 9 years old . She loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that yrend to master something enforcing .
His second daugbter named Elizabeth , is a leooard is the most intelligent of the family and the eldest of the daughters .
I am 12 years old .
other animals gave them resards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
His last daughter was Aja , who with the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
She started sleeping in her bed and doing nothing all day .
His parents were angry because she was the only one that needed work .
One of the animals went to see Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something else than stay sleep .
the end .
Hello friends ,
I know you are searching for a flat to stay in the whole next year .
Maybe I found something fir yiu : when I was on the bus returning home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for a year .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower bath bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you winterd dlothes because here it is really cold weather !
Write to me soon
Alrssia
Hsllo Riley , about the question you asked me in yohr lstter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love goth .
Last night I kade a decisuon .
I think that you should give up on your music vlasses .
You have had classes since you were nine years old and you know know how to play pjano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you can still play liano without going to classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is your , so when you decide it , please send me a letter elling me about it .
Lovs , Iens .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and I think it would compliment the summer camnp very well , because of my gkod manner and I am very open to the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then you can pick them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruizes and smaller inujries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
I had an exam .
Today I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revise them as at home , before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read the tracks I became agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish the pazs that est .
But when I finished before time , I was happy and relaxed .
I always szid that I passed the test and I was sure of that .
Ahd this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I am really pleased to hear from you .
Congratulations your sister for your prize .
I would like to go to an artist eolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd would spend the tickets .
My favorite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning , I went to the childgarden and they taught me ski .
It was a lot of fun , but I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the day , my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father tkok me between his kneis , because I could drive without valling and it was fun .
Wheh I was lonely . I could forget my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I know lexrn skating perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
It was my first time snowboarding and I loved it .
I took every minute to ride snowboarding .
That is the story about going snwoboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel great when you are driving down the piste .
You are like a girl .
It is the greatest feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's weird , I like winter more than summer .
Snowboardinb or skiing is the best splrt for everyone who wants to come to other thouggts .
Although you ard the timd in nature and you have luck , you can sew animals .
It had been a very long and tiring journey , but Tol felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents became worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly .
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the blafk soy .
A dark sky without stars .
He got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She fell asleep agaiun , didj't she ?
If they did , how did she manage to work until she was in her sleep ?
If she were n't awake , would she n't remember anything about that ?
This situation is really fustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get hom and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She onows her way in the dark ; she has gone to this spot a lot of times , especially in the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is sen everywhere .
In cwse of transportation technology , in the twenty first century we have various options like plans that can fly in the cloud , tfain that are big enough to catry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and one that is bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough that we have all these options .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all of three , I would way plabe .
There are three reasons to choode this .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It can tracel ghousands of miles in a couple of goals .
As a result , people can save time .
Second is safety . Compared to others , the chances of accidents are less .
These lakes are safer for travelling by plane than by train or boag .
The third one is comfort level .
Poan is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice of three means of transportation .
The reasons behind my choice are speed , safety and comfort level . That makes plan my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and to college or university , to get money or travel . It should be the worst aawrd for a student who entered high school .
These young people want to discover the world and travel to reach places which would be impossible otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I stayed in the beacn all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
Each is located in A Guarda and its name is O Miño .
There are a lot of people at the beach .
The eater was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football on the bridge of the beach .
I took the sub for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I had a great time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is this claim or not ?
Will we be on our road public transport in 5 or 10 years ? That is a really interesting question .
I think that it all depanes through development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
years , I mean , if you plan to travel for a long time and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in a car , because first you;ll spend less time , your travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop even where and ror a ling tume , as yoi need .
But if we are talking about travelling across a city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that there is great guestion for everyone , and there ca n't be one or all . However , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only for money , but and the environment , but small people do n't like to use p.t . , cause theu spend more time for travelling or they aimple do n't lie to travell withb another peopoe .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing our srteet with enough number of passaangers
Hello Lxra ,
Thank you for the email .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 year old maler from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GTM znd run on a daily basis to keep in shape and in good health .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My cillage is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid lice .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to take steps and actions to correct the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increasing the number of tries and parents can punish the person who cuts them .
establishing rhe favtories outside of the village .
proteft the water sources and the sea .
guode the people and giving them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favourite restaurant . OTS 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every work . It has different food from any other restaurant . I 'd like chicken crispy and garlic sauce . It 's an excellent recipe for me and my favorite appitizer is susage and in roder that dwsert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake woth chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and axll staff are respectable I ca n't imagine noe week without going theres that rrives me nuts I advise any onhe to go therw and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relativd advantage in hygiend really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyonr despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Vollyeball in two of the two difficult sports in the world , you should put your boxy in control to take the ball to the other side in the game .
I have been practicing volleyball and because of it I know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team working , I am in another world , in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am bad , there is a distration of my university .
You should really practice itz so gunny , but I advise you , is hot easy at first , but you are interested in many fimes like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to work , which begins at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually watch video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do ot play any .
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself .
Michael woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticioe .
The topic was about a competition .
The competition is about writing stories .
Mkichael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compeet .
After , he ofund an idea for the story and he decided to make a story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good , but Michnae did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ednded the story and he went to the posr office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't post his name and address .
Yes , I think TV can be entertainment and entertainment , because there are many customers .
Qlso there are a lot of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn something about the latest .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts talked about the question and there were such severe opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for this reason , dome people usually prwfer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restrected with the timetables and you only use the transport at the moment that the timetable changes .
For that reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to mlve themselves when they need it .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the popularity of people may going to make the most use of cars than public transport .
Susan is a little drwgon .
The skin is colored red and green , red dpts ontop of the green to be more precise .
She does ghat every day after school .
Of course , Shye has a little brother .
His skin is colored , just like father .
Dwar Paul !
I haven't written ylu for ages but I was very busy because of exams at University .
Do you know what 's new in Brazil?As you know , my ftiend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like a staff .
My work consisted of makibg prdss advertising , providing all the tickets , playing more musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P TICKWTS , so I met my girlfriend and we went there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloakroom to get signarures from the musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowdedx of people were waiting in front of the clpakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweet friend got them .
People were so enviuos ... I liked it was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will enjoy your money and you give cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
John
The advertisement is always there .
There are adds in TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this advantage of edia , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television . Is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see has a lot of mentions to prodicts or services .
There can be people tored of so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be anniunced and a lot of messages to report to people .
The TV is the most accesible means of communication and people can see the messages on their way .
In addition , behind one added thwre are a log of things : one industrial .
In addition , there is , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or dervice 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV because they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite aeason of the year is summer .
Why am I making these chlice that clearly can aak ? I like the sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sea because you wo be buen by the xun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good way to enjoy little things . it allows us to have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and sunbathe with my friends rather than make friends while playing volleyball or rum in the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and that means you forget about all the warmth of summer .
Furthermore , you can lose more than the other dance of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful flowers flowers with the sunshine are fabulous .
Dea USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw an advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language transaltion degrse at university at the moment . That 's how I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , besides I do n't do hard work and I learn quickly .
Although I 've just got my FC certificate this year , it would help me a lot if I practiced my English in my native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organised and patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially eorking overseas . plsu it would be a good experience because I would meet new people and a different cultuee .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresw Wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was very important for him because he had trained for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had made many assignments .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and had a party .
Tom wanted Mle , his girlfriend , to come to him .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with Jer at that party .
He waited waiting 2 hours cor ger .
He hated that she was very late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
Whrn Lel caem hse looked vorgeous .
And when he saw hr , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got close to her and told her everything .
Mel looked saldy at Gom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and went out of her house .
He followed and apoligized her .
He ssid he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hjgged her .
He said he loved her and lissed her forehead .
He wanted to stay with her because of ... the hobby .
He could n't kust leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with him the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and started to take care of Mel .
One day Mrl was feeling really bad , so Tkm took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel has lost her baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Mel was crying all over and Tom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Mel and it made me much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was their fault that they had lost their little hmuan .
Gliding in the wzves
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practise is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body our nose , able to do a lot of things that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for months , so I have improved .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the bug , part of the pleasure of enjoying the wager , bpth in the WEA or in oool .
Practice swimming is quite hard , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it could give a lot of satisfaction !
Your efgorts will be prized by succeering , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leiszure tije in Castelldefeos .
·ctivities to kill time
As our towh is well - known for our magnificul beached along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the bsah or canoening and aquatic surfing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expsnsive too .
However , I absolutely recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Oters ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper . For instance : fre zumga classes , ypga bneach , running ... as sports activities , and as zocial activities , there are library roup , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Reocmmendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and modern .
If you try the activities , you will have a great time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are yiu ?
I am glad to hear from Oyu .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
Yoi will come to the Reys airport , right ? .
Welp , the airport is situated just outside Reus . It 's smile but it has a lot of servicjes and transport .
You have to take a bh because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
The bus stops at the Sapou bus station .
Qhen yoh gets tired , you should ask someone about the Spring Strset .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
After I ended yoi a mnap in order to locaye the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce aevnue .
I 'm planning a tour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and oging to chat with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Gest Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio Farcía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am an Engineer of Exection in Minex , entiteld in the " Instituto Profesionsl Virginio Gómwz " .
I am particularly interested and I am clmpetent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground projeft Chiquicamata .
In that place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Complany .
On tje othee hahd , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new technologies this great project requires .
I am always able to lead the operatioms of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is putstanding because I had the privilege of belonginv to " Minera El Trniente " as shift management , chef of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your timje and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for these positive .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further , I remain yours .
Guilermo Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning foreign languages . Fir me , it is a good thing that many people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
First , there are more multinatiinal companies that allow people to speak other languages , so that means those people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , ard mode benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of other cultures .
Today , glonalization is gringing the world closer . Tbat means that there are possibilities to manage fontact with other cultures , for example in oiterature , poetry , rilms , TV programs , music or many other aspects of culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the potential of learning a new language , do it , because it will give you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Monfano avenue nº2
Pos Code 10273 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to copmlain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries , model 002545 because my mobile nseds this kind of battery , but I have only received one battrey model 001212 .
Last month xgo I ordered gwo batteries model 002545 on your onlije website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
The delivery was wdong , so now I am in a big hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I had any money , I would not be able to work .
To solve the problem , I wouldr like to receive the batteries by express podt .
Fhe delivery error has been made by you , so this time , it should be zent with free delivery .
If I do nlt bear meeting you within the next two days , I shall be forcec to contact my solicitor .
You can onoy contact me by emaio because my mobile srill does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries as qjickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The job of this report is to evaluate both BSD effects and gold effectfs from the users'opinions in the Active Leishre Club the last time .
First , people in this arex have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a broad range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough morern facilities to search the use in the peak holidays and the guiedrs are everywhere and are ready to help .
However , we kne things that we dislike
As they lurpose to attract more people to join the club , besides its good points , I highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid holding the activities to avoid problems .
Gkven is a diwgram introducing the procedures for building bank nptes .
Desgin the bznk nores are the first and insispensable ztep .
People should decide the background colour and work artistic while they have to consider the securikty issyes .
After that , skilled machinists would prepare the meral plates in order to go to the next step .
The third second is to print the prepaerd bwnk ntes .
In January there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
The colour will rpint on both seides and every note has its own ink also the imagea will be slightly raises .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , which is inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually idvided the quality of the parts : good quality , Partixlly damagedx , and bad sheegs .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets are still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispactihg and distyributing the bank nores .
If the partiually damagd sheets rae bax , they will be destroyed as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explikcit process of making bank noyes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every eteps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A ETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began fw years ago , when Alfred , The Major , wrote an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and the happiness of people .
He started to find how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to concern the oldest people from the village about the importance of the climate of our surroundings , middle - aged people plant many trees around the villagr and clean the floor of public places , making it a more attractive place to lkve than we used to have .
Easy recycling
Locap authorities helped this initiative by creating places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycping center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Th results
As a result of their attitude , Dince Alfred had this great irea . We enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an association has been createdd in order to promte the care of lur plabet . Breen Pkanet is called .
We want a happiness Earth .
Hello Luie Blanxo ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " Nww Clodu Genwration " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projexts , who are engineers and also have a high team workers .
We also value that they have specialty studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't fknd enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do three meetings this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remembed that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the sgaff of New Cloud Geberation should have . Anx please tell me if you have other different requirements than I have before in the e - maol .
Please , provide me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told yiu I was helped at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem abnd . I talked to Tehm and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autograph on the newest record . I did n't havw mwny duties nad none of them were unplwasant .
In general , I had many work duties with a check quest list . Above that , I had to help with cleaning arez after the ckncert .
But that concert was out of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capabl of talking to oyu about this experience .
olve ,
Dominika
Report :
My zim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give Yoh dome recommendations . I think it would be worth it to take it into account of the new course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand by the outstanding classmates who were in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collabiratively is , in factf , the most interesting way of learning a subject than English .
Second , the teachers have really good skills to teach .
They managed to encoueage all of us every diary .
It was easy . We made the most of ourselves and never gave up on improving our English level .
Third , phonetc classes scheduled on Friday came really in handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teacher .
This way we were able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report , I say that the whole course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan Oeozco
I am keen on cinema . I love to watch all types of movies .
Buf , what films are in my TKP 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a TKP 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the llot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settinvs are very realistic and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genr lovsrs wxtch Babel as its message will attract you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected with each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the fzculty of medicine at Port - Saif University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my brother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stolries and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
In the last few years , I have worked in many plaecs such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purufication company .
I believe that working is everything and experience can make miracles in our lives , so I chose this place as I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an enginere but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allau chose the battery for me and for my personality .
When I work anything , I feel that I have the work in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to ivnent an effective drug fpr one incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I sked myself many times . What is the aim of our life ?
And what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you sew your world and realize it well , it will be deserved by everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learned from research that you can do anything at anytime . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for convenience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my siciety as I hooe to comne back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing with rfeerence to the post of jo as a camp monitor that you have in summer .
I have seen your advertisement this mprning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a satisfied person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to two years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun that , in my opinion , these are two qualites highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my hreat wrakness .
I really love being a wife all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instexd I believe it is an advantage .
Your people are usuallu harfd - workers and actiuve people .
If you tequire any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curricilum vitae with my cellphone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately ownwd cars ?
To be honest , I am not surprised .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are incresaingly becoming a common asxet even in developing countries , it is not lkely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Moxt people realize how in other cities and on the planet there is an increasing problem of spacw and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most probably private xare are no " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some type of public transport .
The population growth forecast tewlls us thatf in the next 35 years the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion humaj beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own private small helicxopter .
But it is n't going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will no helickpters , and not even cars .
States and loczl authoritiex will have to gackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
However , if incependent transport will brow dramatically .
I reckon that this would change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the gimetable and to oearn more to be in time , the old typhoon could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to their teacher ; while teacher teacher asks for the answer , students do not answer because they totally can not remember what they had studied last semester .
Students could get a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 monthz a year studying , partly because after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because long vacations will allow students to have fun instead of studying , wnd partly becauwe of some difficylt courses should be contiually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could get a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 monyhs a year studying .
More research and details will shed light on the following paragfaphs .
To begin with , there is a generak consensus , students will fogret the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , in history class , the history teacher has to repeat teaching the history of North America before he starts to teach the history of America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wastibg gime and not efficient .
Next to go would be students get used to relaxing by having no stuff and homework during the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not leave away from the sun , beach , and travel .
In class , students will recall the joyful time they had when paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than aving lony a brak tume .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementionef , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months studying .
My favourite sport is soxcer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I thought thought I would inheritdd his love for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all my problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play bad , I feel nervous because my parters give me their unconditional support .
That is priceldss .
I know health is very important , so if you do this practice there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this spprt you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options for doing sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I appreciate that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to amazing Niagara Falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York fity .
In the end , I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours where I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a bug yug .
We went to long islawnd because there he lives .
He has a really nice gouse and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New Hork I experienced so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had the awespme of going to Niagara Falle .
We rode in a car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrive at Niagarx Falls , which looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do but there are are fqlls .
I was amazerd of how huge the falls were .
They were incredibly amazing and gorgeous .
I take too many photos because you do n't visit places like that .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and Oto . We are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she does not use me frecuently and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places such as Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and a lot of delicious food .
Most attending students ' universities are out of the city where they used to kive , so , they need accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities prkvide clean accommodations such as hsared rooms and dormitories to thwir students to lower the living costs , where most students have a low income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Sharing houses or rloms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and learning how to share everything with others . Savung Mlney and time will be lore Ogvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four tkmes than hiring an apartment , ad because it will be closer to the hniversity , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite of these benefits , I would like , if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important to me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country . These days where the worst during my life . He was dirty , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budget of eating . Living alone will grang me thge feredom to live by the way yhat I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will nog achieves when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me
Although Tye federal government , which is decvided as a role of UZA , has many benefits , according to the reading passage , the lecturer believed that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of federalism , which has historical liberty for the states to uave their own poliices according to their nerds , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals . Whereas some states admit their marriage , others do n't .
Also , the rsading passage declares that even if the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the jain decisions .
This case caused some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of the federal government to stop illegal imkigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the sgate and the federap blame each other for the increase in unemployment in soje states .
In conclusion , the federal government , which gives freedom and is powerful , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confuion in responsibility .
Yravelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that every trip is exciting but also has its frustdating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give this important advice ; first try to get alone with a travel companion and enjoy Mexivan food instead of crutic about spicy savof .
People say that on every voyage , people suffer different problems on the trip : arriving , being away to the frustration of an unknown customer , being alone with your trip companion , succeeding as a traveler and arriving home successfully .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexuco I suggest that the traveler find a way to meet with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit another city .
As an example , if you are able to get one with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange photos , eat with others , and visit places with common interests , such as muaeums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Lexico is to enjoy the Mexican field .
Mexicaj a lot of tasty dances in different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food and although most of the time , could get hungry from the excess of pepper that the Medican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I would suggest yku to aak tor sauces with lpwer peppwr .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious saovr that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offer two important advice for visitors that are coming to my country : Try to get alone with thekr compahion in order to hxve fuh and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the internet was ihvented and revealed for the first time on August 29th 1969 , the Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.00 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Tacebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in gensral are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will force on the benefits and disadvantages of Fafebook and Twitter , and qlso commenta potentkal failure of these implicatioins .
Communicating can be achieced , regardless of xistance , through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of bwing vrom bding connectwd globally to Fdacebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmittex almost instantly to viewers .
First , Facebook and Twitfer can be used if their users are in an unpleasant job , and here their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook pdovides the opportunity to remaij in touch with daily activities with friends , make observations of relationships , maintain one 's own feelings aithin tge netwodk ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quonn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook is interacting with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Recently , Facebook has been used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sbaring their same interests by the social newtork .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activity which is posted by them .
However , ude to this , people who are being vollowed , or usersa in veneral , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purosely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessoble , therefore everybody can easily respond to public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
Finally , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of al , people can pkst any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fa posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Bpack person ( Dauch qnd Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the access information through SMS , it has led to many problems involving cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a xase of continuous disturbing a woman by a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on chqrges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Tsitter , and EMS in general , might replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel lore freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to view each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends for a second , rather than having to call father .
The possible outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the lower communication skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Faceboom and Twigter would improve their futures to solve the less personal private problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sen by addinv more privacy options .
However , despite the benefits of these implications , people should payt attention to Facebook and Twitter could affect their social knowledge by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitted is that people can communicate and become connected to their friends quickly .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expresisng how they spend money .
In contrast , because Faceblok and Twitte have been connected world , which means rotecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possobly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introdeuction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by sodial networks like Tacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are incldued in all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special momdnts like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is cobsidered those actovities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teachers studying how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consier than learning to read .
Blth skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
he reasons
Recenbt studies show that in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photograps ard takem per person in the world , especially in the latwst genrrations liefs(teenagers and kids ) .
This ihcrease is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Alsl , phptography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! It is April and finally spring has come .
A bright syn is shining . The snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They sing funny anxious building their nests .
People look happier .
Ghey are feeling tifed after a long snowy winter .
We set our clock forward one month to March .
The Summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shortee and lighter .
We usually set our clock at an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( fpr ) one hour more .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides more more than just being healthy or fit .
What do you think of when you choose a sport ?
Do you think that your lifestyle will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those required ?
Then you know uockey is the aswner .
hokey is a sport I have played for many yearx and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's ot always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you have to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this spot and since 0210 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Who would I recommend this to ?
It would definitely help you to learn and improve as a person .
Hociey will change the way you see the world and you are gping to start seeing it with other eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transport is the best transport medium for environmental carr .
Despite how much money people make to build their own czr , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional omes ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) , so , people choose their awareness about them because pollution is several useful that we have to deal with with .
The environment is taking ztrength every day , from kids to ancient people .
The government and many companies are meawuring the CO2 emissions which are being pdoduced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for making yood the social consume .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could travel , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , snd that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow the tne fee for public transportation . That should make people use public transportation and care about the environment from CO2 emiszions and prevent global warming .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about their city 's environment .
The city council has developed several camjpaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or fouf konds of bins and they are not as long as a hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama sids .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners have a problem .
Since 2008 , there are many bike patjs across the city , so customers will be able to avoid the car and they will emir stress from pollution .
Te oganic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
Our planet is in a difficult situation that we have to help solve that problem .
A problem which is caused by us , human beings , with their journey of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to resolve it .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth it .
We have a coftage where we have several bins which are clasified according to the material we aant to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which care about the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rud of , such as botytles or papers .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that these kinds of things fans have a second life .
As soon as the last rivef ends , the southern border of Egypt is jere .
Fhe Nie river is the origih of the ancient Egyptjan civilization that cvounts over 6 thousand years .
All historians , researchees , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally suppoft their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization among the huge desert Szhara .
Alo ovet the timd the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the psosibility of expxnding the area of frrtile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it of the ted soil of ddsert .
Nowadays , Deep 's wife vqlley of the Nile became the most important transprt likne for Egypt .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the yead into three seasons , compared to dry or wet period .
Fhey know when it would be the ' Green Nlie ' or ' Red Nike ' to stock up with clean water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has negative effects as well as positive .
The great amount of damz built on the river caused the loss of a lot of llants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as as geypt becomes developing , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems at that high level .
Now , most people think about an important historical place in Italy . They think of the Diomo , in Milano .
But the Fuomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For centuriee this building has been the symbol of this city .
It is quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists who cole every year .
It was biult in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans who were killed without poty .
Moreoved nacy wwrs weee represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It is riined through the agew , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , , all people are aware of it .
It 's another strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in byilding it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In the first world , transport had became an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody has a mode of transport to earn their daily life .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling through xar is a convenient mode of transport , but half of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to dkscuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and adfordable for all classes of people in society .
A variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is time - easte and has no privacy to some of the disadvantages .
Sumilarly travelling by cxr has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford travel either , as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticated wnd can travel faster .
To sum up , it is n't appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have eqial advantages and disadvantages .
I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denying that the NRT in this city is such a convenient merropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there is always such a ruined person who has no public awareness at all .
Trhey occjpy tok msny seats , inclouding priorityg ssats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengsrs , they just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that that people have old them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing treatment to the elderly is also a problem .
Priority seats are preserved for those who need them , not only the elderly but also also adults who need them .
Anyway , not all of them can identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely because of their appearance , which leads to some misunderstandings between them .
Some people even blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats .
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young children or students to offer their manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in ckty has nothing to criticize .
Everyone should develop an awareness of public manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and girls
TV hqs mkuch benefits :
Firstly , it wnables young people to share culthral experiences with others .
TV can be used as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting booiks on the same subject or reading authors whose work was sdapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important valyes and life lessons .
Educational programming can dsvelop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Nws , current events and historical porogramming help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV caj helps introduce youth to classic Hollysood fjlms and foreign mogies things they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the area of music and art for young people .
Buy television has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great eal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization than other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consultinf and sale of financial proructs and ssrvices to an international bsnk , in the mass - market and skall - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advkse through the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships through salees in the xim of customer satisfaction .
I also work working in large and small teams in back - offices , managing mxny adminstrative activities related to mortage , prrsonal loans , contability and investment .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from TBE accounts to insurance products , investment proucts , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In my years of school I have honed my skills in managing noj - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementong practival and easy solutions .
noj - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations , always with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the goaks of the town in which I work , cooperate with colleagues to achieve the foals by providing my skoills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together find ways to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years . Now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Need to work My husband has been working in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Hollqnd to join our family .
I like sports such as surfing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying the patyent oadi dive mastsr
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can solve the problem .
Should we keep all our cars in our yards ? When we get in a traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live in our cars and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only a period of development of transplort .
We have a lot of innovatjons in these sports .
For instance , Google reporyed about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart people .
If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the road .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a drivre anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact on the world , and , cinally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speal local language . It means your trip is easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , sure it adds some vapue to your profile and you can get a higher score .
Though , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you also understand its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
Over the years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even voreign mediuum , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Mazny scientists think that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greecy .
Hujans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forgeg to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
High - technology countries have developed a great number of forests on lands to build high buildings .
Various factories dmit excessiove carbon dioxide into the air .
For the examples above , will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher the temperature enhances the better living quality .
If people around the world could n't put emphasis on good living lives , we would have a dark and hopeless future .
Thanks to the climage change , the weather is so hot that people could never have a water shortage .
Losing enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rkugh .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fighting , hatfed and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightnwss .
The terrible consequences are caused by humans ' unsatisfied health .
Friends , drom mow , let us be members to project and take care of our Erath !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underwear work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real dangerous is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceiged , whether they want broken , neads will roll .
You have to be prcise , fast , and a really gold acror .
The passion for the cause is the key to driving .
It is just something that I had to do , no ou , nt hrr , me .
I was n't close to him , this person had chosen me .
Cear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
After the first two years , I joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed a first aid course with the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do ont hesitate to contact me if you should research further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people are suffdred from stress from spring from living conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave their country on holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit of people .
In the holidays , people can get from daily problems and also take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about situations in their lives .
For example , walking in the sea or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forgdt hard lijfe conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of turning clearly their experiences in life .
People can read their decisions on holidays more accurate helpfjl .
First instance , in stressful conditions , people can make decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate environmental feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking about spiritual things .
It can be clear clear that in the holidays people are together and they share their dreams .
For example , people meet their relatives that they have never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renww their spirits and souls .
They can peay to God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects , they can become mire happy . Because they people to leave the matgerial world .
In the holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lewds to stressful oife .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in orrer to heal their problems under stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the skul because people have a chance to mobe away modern life that has fukl of material subjects .
Cyclong to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities , like as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a means of development .
On the one hand , there are men bwnefits cycling .
Firstly , it rewduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowees CO2 emissionsw .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues , such as the increase of danger in the rlads .
Statistically , cyxling is gnerally ocnsidered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle in a strong wind , treezing weather or having to keep drinking in hot weather .
In my point of view , Vycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to facd the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking cad do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might not be so short during holidays , due to a less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaos is not able to reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially for a long distance .
Although the car could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be negletced .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport pawsengers use , the less car exhaust emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shwon evidence that there is a strange relation between far exhaust and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in prptecting human beings from suffering diseases and saving lives .
Second , publicx transpprt saves coty spafes .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person has become more limited than before .
Provided that every cigizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose our strdets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time congesging .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Drivers have to continue to pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a rense spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating blog or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cxars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit next .
Kanguage for the future
Should we learn better languages ?
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome them .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the other hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in the years to rxpress yourself in English , French , German and Russian have become something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
I think that it ends up being hard and takes time away from doing any things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
rya francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 014
Deawr Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as a babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 - year old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter famp too and I have already prepared a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
But because of these reasons , I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for the job , Rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We had delicious food and played interesting games .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as almot znd Biv Big World .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Qinnie loves singing very much , so I can easily find food at my home .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and iuicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we hide - and - xeek altogether in Winnie 's gardrn .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winni looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnije fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately came to her and helped her up . '
My knee is bleeding .
Are you alright ? " she asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding and I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnie relpied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Wimnie 's sound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happy .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt himself .
Shy ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , our life in the future will be better .
The House of the future will be big and brihht .
Insice will be full of conveniences .
Big spazces will be divided into a few zojes .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitdhen 's area and so on .
In houses of the future , there will be automatic curtains deacting to tye light in every house .
Television will be crodless , as as at present .
The house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it could expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimmimg is my favourite sprt .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmet 's efforts , but you ca also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitbess . It is a sport that can be learned and children can start to pearn swimming as early as two years of age .
There are different types ; dollhin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a spoet is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduxe your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients because it strengthens the first muscles and dedreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be proud of your grpup .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
At the concert , many people can enjoy it , but nobody thinks about how they are preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , they know everything about ecah helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned with their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
In the condert morning we were expected and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert , just do our job which would be given .
While we were arranging a concert , we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checked songs ' volume and lights .
My job was chefking songs list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
They always wanted to change some songs which were on the list .
At the concert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody will be worried because they gave tkme and sffort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird which flyint freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my kegs because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite Ypu to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have time , please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many qays and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Retarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive , impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Frim buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive gas stgop signs .
Two recent developments in nobile technology allow advertisers to offer special publicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I look for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the adds on the buses I will see which , of course , will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorcas , or an add frpm tripadvisir wity Malporca in it .
It will suit me , it will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
It feels aggresivr to enter a square or plaza in my toqn and find it full of briyht svreens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement lights are cobsidered arf , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or whowed at the wrong time , so they lose their artistic xide .
But , technology is high for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change things in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bi - detached house in the sububs of Artem or Vlarivostok .
So that I could live by myself freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would place it in lodern stayl .
I would build three fitnese gtm , a wardrobe , a swimming oool .
If I had youse , I would like to have a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
However , we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Although I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
Wuen I feel stressed off , I always play rennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the pdoverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you need to get the right tools to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn very basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires logs of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and smoothly , you may get huft during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach will teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices in the sdcreen ?
Can you imagine seeing only gwo channels and not playing the whole diary ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of chajnels areived our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually reducing
In our country one decade ago , when digiyal TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourihsed .
Alo TV tried to bet several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficit budgets , today there are mainly two TV stations .
Pess channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It cxosts less money because you can choose exactly the moment , whether and with who is watching this or that television program .
You just vollow a suggeztion made bad someone .
You should click on it .
They have to rrduce their budget
Despite changing changes , we see the same news .
Big Broadcast groups are uwed by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameras all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
These only professional or international btoadcast groupls can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdowh on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express my interest
to join your smile group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to manu countries I have made until now , I would xay that I have some experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For two years I have been in a sports group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds of fish and to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look torward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was food to hear from you .
Baically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places in our country as well .
As I told you believe I ca n't afford to pay this frip alone , so my fathed will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help them with the bills .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a ceap placs to rent .
It would be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cajbridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
ebst wishez
João Matos
Hi ojhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , oyu should get out of the atmosphere quickly .
There you will see bus stationx in the streety .
When you get there , take the bus which is number 111 .
That ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can get to the underwear station and travel to the centre of Pragie .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tel you where we will meet exactly .
But if I were you , I would work an axi because the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Znyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for Ypu there .
Finally , the Western forecast for next month is pleasant as it is usually at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to wear warm clothes .
I am ddlighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion , we should go to a restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a light fast foo while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains couree : bakdd potatoes , steamed vegetables anr for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very impprtant fkr dinner snd I think thst we must voet this , because we will hqve a goof night or not depending thew type of atmisphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies . While in this type of environment , we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new somethinhg about other mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates also .
You will it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are always amazing .
I can not say what they are because you have to taste them .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a hueg smile on your face .
You will be eager to come another time .
However , if you do n't like buegers you can eazt what you want of American tood and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another mal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern daily lives .
More than a billion people take buses , taxis , trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Although travelling by car is very convenient , it is expensive .
That is why , because the cost of petrol , riesel and gas is quite high in most countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have special routes across the country , towns , cities and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the xity etcf .
I disagree with the sfatement stxted believe because in the future we are likely to have only two flasses in society , the French and the poor .
The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarcew by say .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they are in the stone aeg .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cads .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions .
I disagree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a bopk .
Firstly , reading helps to become an educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why , while you are reading , you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , bookos develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different views , where the actoin txkes placw .
AdFinally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and sit reading all you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Aldo many people choose movies because they like slundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these fadtors are not important to me .
I suppose those books are better than the film versions .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home today .
She waas with her mum ..
Xhe wax jusg a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the gurl noticed a cute doll in a whop .
He had blond hair and he was wearing a blue dresse , white vloves and black shoes .
I like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Cohld you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny her , so she bought it .
Oh!The she had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable . They wede like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a whole brewth and placed her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night there heard some creepy noises from there ...
She was there and she was a doll with a knife in her hand . Why are you n't playing with me anymore?Are you bored of me?Just just because I have only one eye?But you removed the other one .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?Bvut they did it ? screamed .
And thdn ...
The next day , going to her home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , sh went upstgairs ...
The girl had a knife in her back and on the wall there was a question " Did you leave me that way ? ''
Temnis is an individuao sport .
Jusy you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a trnnis racket with other balls and a person to play with .
Although you have to be good at playing backhand or forehand , you will lose .
This story is a juat about physica power .
You need to use your rbain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
As with other sports , tennks is becoming more modern , faster and controversial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is ufn , it develpos their skills , hell to physical health and so on .
Your fun starts when you are grown up .
It is never toi latfe .
Eithef you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enojy !
Dexr Nrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Coxci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us , food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for waiters and cooking , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pxsta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m zlso good at dealing with people . In fact , since I was younger , I have been the animator at the summer vamp in Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for male theater companies and I am so good and kibd when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work in hoirs . I worked with my aunt in Nis xafe . I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it all well .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's diary I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of view about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to juege how well or bad you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it propeely .
However , you will have to spens a considerable amount of money in it and you will nbot be sure of achieving your goal at all , so it would be abpe to experience a real nightmqre if you are not focused on growing pearning snacks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages over the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always a swolution which is using the Internet to lexrn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by uzing some hat rooms such as Skipe and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is only one of those . It is a sport that I had never imagined : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , zome years ago , they started to intergrage me with playing , and nowadays , I love playing football witg them .
Now , some women and I have started to orhanize women 's matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should have in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to reacive some punchss .
I recommend you to Gteat restaurant , which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantsstic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is ig , so all whole classes could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and there there are some great traditional British objects .
Tje food is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and ffesh .
We got a lot of different dishws , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
Tje desserts are very good too .
They 've got origibal onws , little sweet pijzza , and traditional .
There is a variety of icd creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we ca get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could bring some tables as often as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
Ruring whole lofe , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , medis and company technology .
In my view , public people desetve to have their own lide , without photography .
In one hanx , becoming a public person associated with jornalist , masw - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , with ordinary people , they still make mistakes .
People are thought of be jealous .
Botice ahy kinx of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxkc because they have defective influence on society which assesses celebrities through the prusm of journalisric documentary .
In the otner hanx many stars sell their privacy to earn more money .
The value of their talent and abilities are conuted in the akonut of taboids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , living famous people do n't bring the limelight to their lives .
It has been very ujseful for a long time ago , neertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if public transport was suppressed , qnd society would save a lot of money .
However , people should thin out the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
His cars need to be repaired ; Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contzminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the icty .
Besides , in other cities , cars can not be psrked in areas , such as the old city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I have gotten used to walking around my city and my ex is just used to travelling around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of paszt in a few years .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with the latest configurations , becomes outdated within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's libes will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to focus on would be whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology have taken great leaps . The internet and mobiles have made us more connrcted .
Today , we have all the information at our finger - tips .
Fortunately , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in new places . Google maps is always there to help .
We ned ont to pronounce English words nowadays , as we ca easily find members of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to face anybody , everything can be managed through a virtual platform .
Today our lives have become much more xomfortable the past , thanks to the progress humans have made in technology .
On the othrr hanjd a number of terforism , global warming and greed become top challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terorrist activities cause havoc in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these problems are not addessed in coming years , imagining better situations for people in 50 years is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . On the right hand , it would be a boon for us . On the wrong hand , it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought , " That 's me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Peryaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's quickly said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as a special trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports about outdoor activities .
I have very great memorids of theater experiences and I would really like to live there again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you asked , I attached it in this mail .
Vest regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and how they are .
The same about my parents ; they are lonely and sometimes they call me to talk about their brother .
Concerning video - games , I agree with the sicentits that they think it helps children children to develop , but is not controlled because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant advantages for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a rrvolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet at my work for research or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak with course and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological development makes us improve the future .
Frieds should be like a sharow apways beside you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Notjing is impossible in lofe but no doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and sodialise with people to make friends .
The more people you will meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find you spend hours with these , sare views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say , but they should share your opinions about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business and money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
resaders are able to express their opinions freely .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As such , it is suitable for students who are learning English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantageds .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There there also a huge number of commercial advertisements which male readdrs blred .
Overall , Tye Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in a modern porogressive world where people are smart and the economy is very highly developed .
Most people think that we need tablet computers instead of hooks
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am watching newspapers , I notice that gdagets become very useful for our lives . It seems to me good opportunities to make our life easier .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday language is rather good .
People do need to carry a lot of books in a bag . People could not say that he let a bkok because he has all his books on his tablet computers .
Some people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They imsist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , I like books . When I am at home I use bioks because I like to smile and to touch the paper of books .
I do not disagree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use it but we must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I suggest that we should keep abresst of new technologies and try to make our lies easier .
The ibg Mistake
This day was full of happiness and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment she told him that she was pregnant , he froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would be easier to work away and avoid this conversation with her .
He trier to understand what was going on with him .
It was wonder how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
Lne part of him was really happy , because being a father was his next biggest dream , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stood next to him , is his girlfriend , his futjre wife .
He should be happy and see her and celegrate their good news .
But somehow I did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was anxious .
He could n't handle the feeling , but she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just worrying at the moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was too wrong at that moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he wanted to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids jer and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was using Tnan Jappy and he could n't handle his neas .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he was a brexk and he had to be alarm .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning , I am going to talk about what my sport is and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fcat , I do not like to do some sports during time , but if I really need to do some exercises then I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
First , I think , swimming pool is cearing .
Such as after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to bexch . This is because I do nog like big sun and sahd .
Third , swimming in the ocean is the most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming diring in summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite spoet in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before axny kid of sports that we should do some exercises because we have to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it , we will get dangerous while we are doing any sporte .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our lives and almost all people need to do it , as we ca not stay at home or work all the time .
Evsn you really do not like to do exercise that you acn go to shop .
The purpose of this report is to outline the many important areas which have been taien in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our city .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the facvt that Caceres is located in a pasture area where public farmers have been breeding hseep , cows and pifs in centiries in spite of the hard weather conditions , such as high temperatures and horrible weather in summer .
As a result , our work resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain sports campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of professional use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where ciitzens can stay their first time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it is bad work on the recovery of som arsas , which are parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the managementy and treatment of the waste system with the actikve cooperation of most of its citizenship which is really concerned about the recycling of waste waste .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhbitants qre eaid to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yelloe , green and blue cintainers in the street .
Snd that is the negative point , these dumpstees are too visible in towb and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscales , and the ones that do it will receive a bonus point anyways that is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the house , just me .
I got a bi - ecared so I see them outside in the street .
I did n't know that a bomb hit the city and killsd almost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part area I have is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinbuish what the explosion was .
Finally , in some days I found some neighbors with some flod . I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
We made some incentivves about lawsa , but it was a total argument , because the group boticed that some food was missijg somehow .
I think that someone drags some of the food in the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce these oaws .
The next morning , I saw a piece of strak and the groip was talking about some creatures that were walking around ill and eating us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy was gassing a yump .
I stomped hard and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came ear ; it was adorabke just when he turned into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late . it was the group or us .
We saw that because we her friends and the food .
In some ways , they are robbed of food the night and I woke up . It was good for my surviavl .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
FOING EXCETCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any exercise ? This is a big problem for their society and is the problem numbef of why Mexico is the country with most obesse in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise , you deal well with your yourself and your body .
There are a lot of benefits that go in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Now , nowadays there 's a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice ay sports , like eoccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or do crossfit or something like that .
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends . You can stay fit , but you also need skills because it 's easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field .
I recommend you to do any sport you like and enjoy every second you exercise .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any support for public transport , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about the public translort whom are to be disaplearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travelling .
This vomposition will explain the two different opinions .
Finally , the car is very convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlpike public transportation such as busew and underground , you have much more comfort and spoiled .
There is a peeception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottisb Government ( publicatjon " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old boy explained « " I prefer voing in the cae , it 's fast ...
There 's not as many people around Yku ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
Next , cars incdeases pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then look look a car and look over your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edibburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» saus a 17 - 22 year old brother .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to the Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taci while they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Caqnada , Mapan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have been decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree with " always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth is the most important point in a relationship . which is my opinion .
Even though being trythful is crucial in a relationship , telling the truth would be considered hurting others ' feelings and is unhealthy .
Another reason for not telling the truth at the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or the employees .
It is better to tell a little white lie at the moment .
To further illustrate the first point , Bove could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if women women you are acquained wearing inappopriate clothes not fit for the occasion .
People usually TSND npt telling her the truth since it could make them think .
Instead of doing so , people might praise her with other things about her .
In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling hrr mod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since many of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people or even people who one has just gotten acquainted with .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If I had a day out to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people to ask details about it by saying that I just had some errands to do .
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were in school playing happily with each other in class .
When we were in class , suddenly Lichael walked through the door .
Michael closed the dopr and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Due to tjis , we're were called to meet the hsadmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to mset the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
The door eas n't break inot pidces or gell down .
My curiosity had put me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like what I hoped .
I ended up getting expellee from the school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Muchael and I had stolen our classmate - Sallh 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and riends also taking us first without giving any cuance for us to speak OJT .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unluckyg and ninocent onds as we got into the tyrap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
However , one day later , the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindest .
Dear USA summer camps ,
My name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the gym .
I think I am the right person for this job because , first , I speak fluent and clear English , which is very important for communication .
Slso , I have a good relationship with little kids . I used to look after my niecew and nephwws over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awkward and readry to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent and and entertain games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumpung which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking because I never have time to dedicate tile to that .
I think that if I watch and learn now to do it , I would learn very fast and dominate it .
Thyat is a good quality of mine . I learn things very fast and I also can meet ourselves to meet things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope hope really soon .
Bianca
November 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the store . We built wrjte in a wall near to the shelpter " safe zone " and if a chef something he needed supplies , he would find some spplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and went in the forest . There were a lot of lests on our way there with various guys that were sicxk . We could n't do anything except for go . I was seeing my little group to diminish some of us were allergic to spme plant , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other sturf oeople jad problpems with .
I thought that maybe my genes were actually immune to the infcetion I could actually be the # revooutionary gu that helps everyone that was in my # skepyick and I was totally positive about it , but notwithstanding , I should n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about is it help thed sntire world or ust save a grlup the deciusion sas in my hads it was # conventional to help the entore world but I do n't wany to die . while I was thinking about thgat we foynd a body it was a familiar bvody from someone that was in thw group one of those guys we wqnted to find and laive not dead his fac was all rotten and eaten away by ghe walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still already or at last , tell us what had happened to everyone . Tbe # batte against hunher started . Everyone was hungry and we had eaten anything in dwys and that could lead us to two things or eat aqay by a waoker so we needed to ifnd something that was a # nutritional baded food where we coul eat with no problem and be ok .
We ordered a pharmacy and a restroom so we could get a reet and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got to the parmacy there were no walkers inside , so we ran into the pnarmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night . I needed some rest and sent to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private trafifc in this town is yst mkre presdnt , as the result that Turi is the town of FIAT , a well known factort .
Near your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily handle all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shols .
If you shop shopping in the perimeter of the country , there are some gig supermarkets , which sell many items from the maib green fadtories of Europe and above .
Like all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost every area and each building .
Finally , the taxis are pesent and they coger all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English ne .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politiciajs or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deservd not to be under constant observatoin .
To my mid there should be a board between paparazzi working and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , bkg stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who are waiting to take pictures which show them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a party of a celeb 's ' work ' , so they have to take this into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviokability spheres of oife without journalists following them all the time .
There rarely fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like a normal person , not famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is shofking news for people who read tablokds .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are normal people as everyone of us only have lore money in their bank accounts .
So , as you can see , I disagree with the statement that people who are recognizable deserve to have a private life and the ability to baving regular friendship should be given to them .
The Maz Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world - known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to have it a tty .
The poster of TNE IFLM already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film stars by putting yourself in the face of the makn character , who is a 16-eyar - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a caye and being translorted to what seems to be a camo .
He had no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that he is not a regular cdamp , which is located next to a giant and mysteriohs mwze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and protect themselves from the menaces of the maae .
He walked the rolle of a runner , the person with responsibility for exploring the mountains and looking for an exit from this place .
Stipl , they only have the raylight time to explore the mawze , as when the sun goes dark it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters diswcover something something hixden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of qdrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one nidifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that tall or small . Anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you bpink you probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of their bal in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a gwme go until 32 - 30 , ans se te energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still makes me want more .
I am always trying to jump higher , work harder , pas and set better , and erve in different terms .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
The people there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One tile pr down on Wednesday , Robbjsh is taken .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
It is a very good idea , because that robbish undergoes recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way , xollected garbage .
Everyone cares about cleaning the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially Splring is a lot of cloours and pleasant odlrs .
New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Green rime in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bdar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagnj , a little town near Cxtania located under the Etna vllcano slopee , and I thought that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were twl rools , smpking rpom or non - smoking room .
The surroundigns were rustix , yet it still felt xiry and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was English with my father Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina before . It was very tasty .
Aol the ingredients are clearly fresh and of the highest wuality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal is a little expensive and I will no doubt be bored by other diners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our society since ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of excludion .
Margination has a liknk with the illedgality of this activity .
Also , this illegality is the cause for the attractio of drugs because the majority of people stsrt having drugs because they are young and its prohibitoon is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an entertainment that cxan destroys our lives .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal crug to have fun , enjoy friends or juxt to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and make very clear that it is something exceptional and not only for daily life , because it is very dangerous as many people are not able to set deadlines for themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or bad .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Eaudi Arabia . I 'm glad to be able to see you after a long time .
But unluckily , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can wake me first from school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight down onto Aljameah stdeet and turn right beside the farce of LAU University . After getting down from the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited about seeing you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dezr Les ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it was always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful secnery , you must go to Barceloma where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wondrs of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit museums , like the Reina Spfía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari , or Doñna Nztional Park , where in that period you can see sxome migration birds .
If I were you and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spaun , I would spend one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldset son of the Simpson family .
Bart is twenty years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has gotspiky hair .
Bart alwaus wears a red T - shitt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal pften punisg him .
Baet is an energetic and clever student , but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has a heart of gold because he helpz his sister when she needs him .
In the Simpskn family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnier than Yomer , although the magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was a dreary Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mooid to go to anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't be out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knmock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have never bothered to pat me a visit during the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were nswered quickly , for the nan on my threshold yelped : " I have a lteter for Mr. Samson !
" I was surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the TSXT .
At first , I had observed the letter unconsciously , but then I noticed my jncle 's name in it .
Although I had n't seen him in a short time , this letter was in a past will and I learned that I had inheritdd a good deal of money .
Fifty tjousand pounrs , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Wel , the task I have chosen is about the rown where I have been staying for the last few years .
Wctually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothered about rubbish things that we do every day .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
They are very casual about the environment about the importance of cleanliness .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
All the households nearby throw away dirty things easily and they do n't worry about the current of the mumicipality .
I see allk these during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at least know how clean their own front places and sides surround them .
I am worried about it and whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback because they are also the same in nature .
People are not self - crntred and very narrow - minded .
Although they are becoming so crowded educated , in real sense , they are still savgae .
Dear Sir Wshby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Peppsr Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your area .
I am very interested in his work and believe that my employment bcakground is appropriate for it .
I am a tourism student and I nded to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
I am working next year in London as a worker at Hard ock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter in Barcomi 's Caf in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I know how to lrepare different kinds of ood : sandwiches , fish snd fries , hamburgers , Jtalian pasta , etc .
I am also very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint !
I have total availability on weekend and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
lease , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in his position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your tume and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
Madía Luisa Castaneds del Acun
Nowadays , public transport has become a major issue .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supportee in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownersihp has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of teavelling on their own cads is much more convenient than getting by a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another siode to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they are afraid to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the lkcal government .
There ardes countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than pay for a full tank .
Furthermore , people in countries with less income turn to thesr services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclusion , the future of public transport will depend on the use of people who manage it .
There will be countries in which there is no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fsat and cheap solutuons .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's just to your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weight , or suffer because of the rain or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , weird , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , you can find it easier to take public transport .
It is also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the cad faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic caj affrct cars and buses at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses . Sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster than cwrs .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
But , if we considwr all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe they would be so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect therew were points and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the countries ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car is more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Ingormal letter fir CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the usmmer .
Because of my experience working at the international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such an activity was on the 2nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Luckily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I have to translate a good number of tyexts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take other cwlls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made a lot of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to tell me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nervous .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For no single thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The oen he dates is Angelina , not Malima . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he wants to put a stop to this without hjrting anybody .
So yes , the decision is made .
He 'll back up with her .
Probably , even tomprrow .
It all started in such an idiotic essay .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroo with a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow an ilghter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Miek ca n't really say why they ended up naving Zex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself fpr of having balls to tet the girl he lved because of all these religious issurs , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment , he did n't realise that .
Only after Angeina left , Michael checked the floor and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently aevertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of school and I am waiting for the beginning of my fnial year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing his job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is very handg .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout xamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a voulnteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworling , rsliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertainment people , which might come in very useful in my goal as a summer camp counceolor .
I am also an accomplisged sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lkfeguard .
I attach a refverence from Tomasz Jaworska , who is my boss at the scout camo .
I would appreciate an opportunity to describe my suitability for this job in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonic student in Italy , in the north .
I want to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started learning English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , half the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
The bad problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I thought even at home .
The thing that more annogs me is that they copy all the time by me and the other poor students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they are .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediat certificate in English and then I am going to try to enter this school even if I know that it 's very difficult . The Imperial College of London is one of thw lost importang uinversities in the whoel world .
uperquitour : A great experience for your nouth .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexkco City one month ago and I met an old friend through high school , Vicrnte .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' Tfhe Pueruqitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and plafes to visit began .
The first day begins on an important date … Taco Xay !
Tfacontento was the place we xhoose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by folded beer .
Because Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diaja , one of my friends from Vancoyver .
Agwin we stayed in tacod , hut their time .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chuke and tacos qre gourmey there .
It means that they have different types of tortollas -vanilla , strawbrry , chipotle , nopa , abd wslnut , among others- ane salssa -tamarinx , guva , mango , ugacamole , etc .
That We finished with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
Rhird day was one of my favourites . The place is sooooio nice and the decoraqtion and even the attire of the waitresses makes you ferel into the 50s .
La Pqpa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with namw of famous women and lovely rinks .
Totally recommended !
Mar zaul Resturajt , in the notth of Mexicxo City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Seafolod is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded shrmp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut qater .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El asadedo Hidalgeunse .
You have to be starving to eat a nolcajete by yourself . It is juwt too much for one person , so if you did not eat breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to sell for a cup of beer .
Almost a week in Puerquitour .
The second day was to celebrate Mlagda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presenged it to get a Master 's Degree ; and the farewell of Vicentw , who is already at USAx , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we lime the food , we celebrated eating in Mlemelas Pub .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas . Tjat is kike huarache but bigger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a folt in the USA , we spent XLL ray together .
The seventh day started with a really nixe breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrfobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to meet at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Speciql accopmanied by black bwer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about mothing much about everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I like .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extracted from Great Espectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pjp and his own husband .
Sadly , Ppi has no fortune in any possible world .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pjp should be a sh and intelligent worker .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Zlso , his life should be perfect to complete a dark comedy based on the undesirable ljfe of a ki who onky feels uncomfortable when he visits the tombstones of his padents .
Obfiously , nobody would like to live their lives , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finzlly , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy who lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
However , the narrator is the turly protagonist and the way he tells the characters is the reason why the story is connected with the reader .
Actually , the harrator is the protagojist , but telling the story as an aqdult .
But the author does n't try to describe the protagonist with words , but with aqctions .
The narrator does not use any drscription of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator jainly uses direct speech , but he only used indirect speech on just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be rrad at the entrance of the first chapter , when the narrator nswer the thief writing that he said that he would get his file , and that he could get up with broken bits of food he had , anx he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from that , he just writes exactly what the characters say .
His voice is in the first poerson and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not nave any omniecient poser .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stiut , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creativity thoughts are spread all over the title , accopmanied by even more gwisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapter , when he describes the man who stole him as a man afraid of the developed bofies in his graveyard just because he saw im hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of the Nocel seem to be nuhappy , living a sad and boring life that puzhes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Moe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuss on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she is worried more about what her neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in their own house .
The narrator described her as a woman who had eadned a good reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a nild , gooe - natured , sweet - tempered , asy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about temperature .
Xlso , the way the characters say is supposed to the essay the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not lonegr than more rhan wo sentences , with the only exception of the thief who talks about his partner in twelve long sehtences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with shirts and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second cyapter :
" My sister , Mfs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than me , and she established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that gime to vind us for mother what the expression means , and kmnowing hr to bave a hard and heavy hand , and to be mucy in the habit of lying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were boty brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
" No lookee heer , " he said , " the question is whether they should be allowed to kive . Yoj kbow
What a fgile is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Yeah , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , with a lot of menfal verbs and bastract conepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The mrsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the cialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more real .
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is by the protagonist .
The events arfe nartated in a mysterious way , telling us what happens in a realistic story - line without flashbavk .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second dhapter makrs reference to the first and reveals things about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or his other characteristics , but he writes without the essential things we should know through the text .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do mot know how the story will end .
So many mysteries and just a few gacts will be reac in these chapters .
All I know is that this story will n't have a happy ending .
Probably , a true thief will probably probably probably take Pip to an unwanted afventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip emds as he strarts , at the hraveyard .
Like another vrick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without a tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is sriting .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or what lore thing the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a yappy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Snna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She had been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day she was going to meet her biological mother .
She had known she was adooted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very badly and she felt loved by her .
Afgter her 18th birthday , Anna delt a sudden necessify of knpwing what happened to her bilogical mother and wyy did she gxve Abna awzy .
Afted findign the adoptino papers , she contacted the adotpuon sgency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of her biological other of " her little sister who had a disease who needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a matcb fir a kifney transplabt " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her her name and the contact number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
He hesitatrd several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few secpnds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , nor could she get any wound .
But then she said " nello , my name is Anna ajd I think yoj aee my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna hrard hsr mother is crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the nezt dah in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
In the first diary entry I was really xngry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my bext friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Saneman , a Swediah singer , was on Holidxy in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I thought it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
unexpected , on the third day , when I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the dietance and sole cameras , but at that moment I thought they were making a video .
Rhen , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a small boy , he was Frlix !
So I went toward the crowr and when he saw me he smjled .
It was really exciting !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , wsking home some questions and singing his songs .
When he left , I was sad but also really happy .
This was definitely the most exciting dream of my life .
L'Alebro , the Bestf Oizza Wext in Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Puzzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizaza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs of the worlds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many dwlicious choices on the nenu . It is often difficult to decide what to draw .
So far , I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad . It 's a fres , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main thing , you ca n't go wrong ordering any of their pizza . All are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian lizza oven .
Besdes the great atmosphere and the delicious eating , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 euros per present for different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great coffee for English etter value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to visit in Duglin for young people from different countries .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent residetn in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Templw Bar .
It pffers a wide variety of activities , like museums , a cinema , a very karge greeh garden with many pubs to choose from .
The Johnjie Vox Puh was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , see dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one placr .
Oxeon cinema offers a mulfiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dulbin Wax Musehm was suggested by many students .
Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in , and many places to visit depending on students ' differences and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Splrts start being admired by youth and they imprint a model of nehavior on the young minds .
In this essay both sidss of the points stated above will be analyzed before my own oerspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athletes have good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of USCH athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
These men will want to play sport , which is essential to their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve a goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something is also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for young people to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athleets are not good role odels .
Firstly , port has become business .
Many sports stars are only conceened about money and fake .
This seems to lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sorts regardless of learning how to play well and having the fun of the gym or competition .
Secondly , there are those athleets who behave disgustingly .
Fort exampls , people take drugs or cheay in order to win at Asny vost .
It goes without saying , that the kibd of bwhavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent dole models for the youth , as long as they reprwsent the poxitive benefits of playing sports .
Dickens had the Bronte sisters in the zame style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens the city of London while Bronte sisgers the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brote often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes athos with comedy , like characters that rend to be caricatufes of the vices and virtues he wants to portray , while the Gronte sisters use ealistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagoinsts that are psychologically ckmplex .
The graph illustraztes the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
Of given , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per qeek to around 230 grams per person per wesk .
From the 4 sources ate , 3 of them remained in a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had riswn over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumption showed little dhange during the period , beginning and endibg at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
Both lalb consumption and the category labelled beev had a devline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overal , with lpamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and bee consumltion falling fropm aruond 230 grams pr person pet week down to just oiver 120 grxms psr perzon pet weel .
Chicken consumptioj was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated sable climbing from 150 grams ler perspn per week to the highest conumption 250 per person per week .
However , it is evidwnt from the traph that other sectors declined , others rosr and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Deasr Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavroc .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Canfer Research Center .
Our lwb works along with Qlexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently , he had visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation I mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysus while working in the field of cell biology , Alexks tild me to touch contact you .
Your conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all support the suggestiom that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master technical and research skills .
Not to mention the particjpation in pioneering dtudy .
My work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cvell contacts and in actin cytowkeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelil cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with a description of dissimilarities in organization and regulagion of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithepial cells .
Thereafter , I studied acfumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actinb isoforms within adherence jmunction in normal anr transfprmed cells .
On the caorse of this ibvestigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to present at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publictaion .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitry Lagrov
P.S. These are my CV and a ckpy of my paler in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite place . I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the whole city , through its beautiful squares and pxrks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugi worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was considered a protected UNESCO World Heritage Sote in 2000 , because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lhgo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopue .
In Luto , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Amkng the most important thing I can mentoin San Froilán anf Arde Lucus .
Fgrom 4th to 12th October Lugo holds San Froilán Fiestas .
an Froilán is a festival of International Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galiciwn customs and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd city town once again , so you can sense Roman circua , Celtiv weddings , artisan supermarkets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get info about period cosyumes , such as gladiators and Romsn Emperors .
I recommend you visit Luyo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman cusfoms and Romsn life in Wrde Lucus .
Lugo is ans incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , Festival with shops and performs precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Veltic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the cigy , the bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agylomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
Cjty X " hss no specific waste disposal plan , vut a federal law establishes a due rerm until 1st July .
Despite that , there are few plans to inxrease the gren areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thinking about implemenging new measufes to achieve the Council 's goals .
Your analysis will be evaluating the Council 's eco - friemdly proposals .
In addition to the aforementikned , the amount of garbage produced during the between 2007 and 2010 more rhan doubled , 86% of it discardd inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problel . "
City X " incineratese hospital residie , in accordance with legal requirements , and esnd 7% of the garbage pfoduction to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joijt venture with the municpiality to skrt waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program repfesents 2% of the employment in the city , so it needs to expand .
There are many projectz such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to prlmote lroper didposal in public areas .
Another important one is the " Lt 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the greeb arews within the city by 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in refkrestation of rural and communal areas .
A later crucial activity is the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amiunt of consumrd vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A mujicipal saste policy that integrates the private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The company neesd a joint venture to support a functionao and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits into 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by the lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in sureounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you fans have a lot of nrw experience .
For example , you can travel to places .
Another idea is that you can aork . You can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people get tired when they finish school because of the exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You van fund work as a waite or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you want , so that is a hood idea also , especially if you have a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technological development makes people believe that in the future everybody will be watching xcience - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have an opportunity to choose which place we want to live in .
Abd what ablut houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I found everything different .
With avant - garde and futuristic projects , houxes would be the most desirable .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a slhere or iglo .
Some of them might be turned down .
Sometimes there will be some kind of modern xrt and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with attificial intelligence .
Tney will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like a strange human .
In reality , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see the home of futyure .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the latest round of interviews next month !
I really hope to work with you day !
To make sure you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
In the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great imkportance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , dress as properly as possible .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with formal occasions .
Auitable dressing comes across as effective and relpiable .
Eecond , ebing punctual .
Interviewers have to cope with tight schedules every so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a xandidate who 's late somehow .
Thied , bieng prepared .
As the pld said means , well prepared is halt done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you know up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviweing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Llus , he 's willing to communicate with others and rake on nea challenges , so he transferred to Tge Dales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitaged the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the trxck recod and the capabilities shown in his previous working experiences , so he might ask you many questions like what you achieved and how he felt about your first job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you Sokn .
Lots of Love ,
Oris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer cwmps all over the USA .
Because my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generaslly deemed cheerful , energetic and ahrd working , I believe I am a suitable cabdidate for the aforementioned position .
In addition , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunting and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of the abkve points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area to improvement given Andres 's outstandung overall performance .
Yet , oftentimed , being overly respecfful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggest he should build up his knowledge - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everybody 's back nad taking ownership fir otjer people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about marriage , that is to say , social trends , pooulation statistics such as ags , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to irentify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target market and device zome strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , my strategiex could be to increase online social nedia presence by postng regular updates about my language school on Twittdr and Facebook or to use siscounts for things .
Furthermore , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensuve courses could be successful .
However , if the targey markets wee both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groupa could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Finally , but not last , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language curses for people ?
I challenge you to think about it and trh it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gss drilling tigs , natural gas pipelines and underground ga storage contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communities .
People work kive in the areas of natural gax infrastructure earlier , from a few to several people , than those who live in lower regions where infrasrructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing the nuclear gas industry equals new jobs which is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of the whale gws will create lots of new jobs in verh different branchss connected with gas ihdustry for instacne in exploratiom , mining , lroduction and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fact that vompanies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will jire engineers and specialists from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of people in gastronomy and hospitality areas as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Osciuszko Instjtute conducted research which shows that Poland could benefit from extracting and developing the infrastruxture of shald gaa .
Greece is an amazing country that a number of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Vreece can be boring as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorin .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and friendly locals are not the only things that make it compared to other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greexe is Athebs .
Bgelieve it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful vities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acdopolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athen .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the many spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches on the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water psorts parks there , which are extremely dirty !
Shmming up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's good to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before qny exam you compare in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one thing after , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up an online site to study all the books . We had to go through the exam and review them twice .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours daily for almost 3 months .
of the hard work and perfect disxipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quitge normal to have this basic feeling of being confused and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at aol is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and have already included in your exam .
For example , I had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my stress , thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had a lot of time .
I had insomnia on the night of my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , so my nerves were torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
Eve sinve I do everything during time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim for a high score , I think that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the doncepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot if you do n't have the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite old before my Ajatomy exam ; I could only go through the main totles of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concep ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced and abroad lemorized that concept before many times , I am able to remember it .
It was just floodijg without so much effort .
So , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to start preparing . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the best score you could score at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't needed for the environment .
Carbon dioxide emissions are very low .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are always very popular and the tgpe of energy is the vlosest to replace fossi fuels .
Energy which we get from eun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdlg , only the construction of a nuclear power poant is expensive .
Shen we have a plant , makong energy from that is very chdap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear planf is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we needed something that could work all the tiles .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of strength , entire cities will plunge the chwos , and that is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlookinf the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de ls Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultfural gradition , then it causes a complex mix of racial and ethinc rgoups like mestizos , European Peruvians , which are the second largest geoup and the minority in Lim includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Leruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Yispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declxred World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through amazing architecture like bapconies , vhurches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Fekipe , which is the las inctedible Spanish fortress ; through their ocstumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use watdr , paint or takc to wet your famly znd neighbor ; their typical dance dalled " La Marinera " ; also ghey krep their history through religion where you discofer the religious enthusiasm ehich is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Mulagros ; tgeir gastronomy is anmother extraordinary and wonderful example wbout theid symbos , lik Mazamorra Morada , el Oisco Aour ( wine ) , el Cevixhe , los Picarones , etx .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beachws , valleys , natural reserves and the exquidite fuisine of Peu 's capital an authentiv personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectaculat and charming city to spend your perfect holidags .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savins adcount you .
Below tou fan find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might give you a good offer .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gitf .
And you do not need to pay any annual charves for hacing a credit card .
Unfortunately , this bank does n't have hranches in Britain .
And all hanking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Roywl Sawvings Bank , has many branchse in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make lots of BSNK operations on the spot .
But there is a sefvice charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per yeaf ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of sauceoans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first esrving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of Internet is higher and you do n't need to pay many amnual charges .
And doing operations by pnone is actually very easy and it always gives you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is your .
Taoe care qnd sre yu vefy soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahgoo.col
Sunject : An important thing to do !
My dear Pal ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen prrson to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gzga 's concert .
It was my friend , Marius Boni , who suggested me to this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possbile to see how good I was on sound recording .
What could I sa ?
It 's been my dreak childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I really thought about me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music inrustry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my servicd .
I can hardly wait for you to yoj nd to see my happinees and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Youyrs ,
Ionut
I have been skating for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use today .
Every day as soon as I wake up , I look forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us to take a couple of hors to go skiing on our own .
The temperature is often several degrees below zedo , and you would freezing if you did n't keep mkving up and down the alope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt slightly uncomfortable and scared .
Luttle by lunch , I improved my singing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiuing is a great sport , but I would recommend xtarting as a chjld , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and seeing the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and special experiences , I have no doubt that the differences I 've described above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level , such as financial accountinbg , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspectivw the knowledge of underatanding business concrpts and have given me a solid academic foundatioj .
I 've also participated in various group work and clothes projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to asociate with extremely talented students , teachers and even a professor in order to receive a whole rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bschelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I am the president of the Business Students Associatiuon ( BSX ) , Heax Boy ( junior primary boy ) and Captsin of the soccer school Tean .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as sevelop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acqiired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Sfholarship , I decided to do some research on zcech Republic before taking any step in applynig .
I found that Czech Repjblic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing tapid social changes and transformaton , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czsch universities rpovides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern education with outstanding facilities , an affordable education and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is lack of fonance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and teachers go on strike frequently , and studying in part of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenges of a university life academicdally , in society and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business circumstances , coupled with my passion for extra - currichlar activities and community service , would make me a competent additgion to the any of my proposed university and the Xzech Republic Schoparship team .
I believe that I could make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in private events and activities which will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I cxan axsure you that I will be a capable and dedifated student who has the committment and dedication to work in order to be a graduate , which , at the same time , contributong greatly to my proposed university in more ways .
A dog is man 's great friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to communicate with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into society .
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualites , a do .
A dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , Bubblu is in a good mood . They are great to spend time with .
They feel when their masetr is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to rbing back a zmile on people 's facw .
Ahd that is what they are for , to make people happy .
These haity four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch their human family .
So if they sebse tbat trheir osner might be in danger , they immediately react by braking at a person or something else that might have caught it .
The stronger the bond between the dogs and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is bdlieved that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . batging and groomimg do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their workers who are slending all over at work or in school and doing some physical activity .
So having a xog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you harm , but their amazing personality because they love their show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone deally loves their pet , they would find something to pay little attention to them , because they truly bet rfiend .
Hi Jonh !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you details about my experience at " Zoe Kqk adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we went through a tiring axsault course , which consisted of climbing up pretfy sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I am fit enough to fiish the exercise without having sny problems . However , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Roco climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be more difficult than I had expected , I managed to reach the sumnit .
You ca n't imagine how reaarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effory!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel frightened at first , but your confidence will build up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the lasxt activities fofered by the cejtre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss a great opportunity too , trut your trainers , since they are highly qwualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you al the teachers mneet with the safety rulew , so you will get a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this cejtre 's really a viait .
Write son and tell me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had wrotten me after minutes !
Since she left for Paris last year , I have been staying in the school residence , which was n't cheefful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I heard her letter at that , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holiday I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sjr / Madam ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Edtior
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26tu January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years of experience in the publicatiom industry .
Finally , I am working in a press as an edktor .
I am an aggressive , creagive and careful person who csn work independently .
On the other hand , I am always a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached llease find my resune and portfolio for your referenfe .
Please please contact me by phone on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you Sxoon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tspu
Education is a milestone in our life and receiving a good education is the main door to the labor marlet .
Aware parents disappointed with education systems and institutionalozed education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved orad " , it
is a suirable or everybody 's concerns anxious that compels us to seek other routws .
Homeschooling should not be considered a wpld - wkde phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , especially the UDA , can bosst .
There are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so fad and otgers where it is just an isollated happening .
The situation in Spain must be assessec as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to relax
education Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedol support this alernative way of learning .
Homeschooling may also cree up time to complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
Homeschooled students ' succsss have been hacked up by the results of standardized tests and the recognmition of predtigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consjder the same number of roadblockx :
The lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for young children , end up being frustrated parents without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for education
systems .
However , homeschoolling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies opoen up as " the
solution " and blended learning is the failure .
geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a hole with new technology and very energy - efficient systems .
In areas exposef to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistznt materials .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect on their particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings will definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclzble or recycled matdrials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be pit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights snd solar panels on the rofos , which is moee and mote popular eveb tjese daus .
Moreover , similar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to masimise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by expkoiting some modern areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect sopution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would keeo mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a gym , cosh bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the main important point if you want to play basketball .
You must be able to tyrow the bazll blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Other opponents will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a feal team player ?
Handbvall is one of the most xynamic sports in the world .
Over eighty poinrs can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not in mode .
This shows how fast the gqme can change .
One kost ball van maie your tdam the lost of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but with the ages it became pqssion .
What I love about about this sport is the spewd and the unconditional teal sporit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A family spoet throughout the job
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscioud of the importance of prcatising a slort .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we finf doing a sport as an effective way of takkng the stress of our bodise .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even later .
Despite these two being the most popular spoets ajongst aylets , mxny Kore are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mxture between three different spirts , climbing , climbing and joggimg and as a reshlt it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to participate in it anywhere , which means I can do it next home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and , therefore , I really enjoy the fun doing it .
Trkathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding job requires tiume and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself to become fat .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have decided what they want to do .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the argumengs in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial opportunities to apply for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
But that is the old reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this journey is to travel to other countries and waste all your time on parties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , Japanese teens who take a year off end up doing it in their work essays .
For example , things might have gone out as they had expected or for multiple reasons , such as not having a day day or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all olaned and knoa front shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidis . I am 27 years old and I am going to take a minute of your time to explain how seeing me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my first and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage cjty of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a famous star hotrel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have xkills in listening closely to customers and an avid understanding of front desk iperations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good person , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently qnd I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Gilss of Ham " is a fantasy stor written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middlr Ages , the story is about the adventurws of Giles , a fafmer of the village of Ham who becomes a chef against his wishes by defeating a gkant .
When the dragon Chrysophglax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice , not only managing to defeag him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaiming a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles beckmes an independent king .
I liked a lot story , first because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another jniverse , making me forget everyday daily life .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incvompetent znd clashes are son with sords instead of wsapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurpus and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Cajp title I saw published in my local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Insfitutions , or in Scial Care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in my Teaching and Supervusing Coursea .
In addition , we have to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising wnvironment in preparation for your finished assignment , so I am able to be a member of your well - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have hwlped my parents while upvringing my four jungter siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of organizations as supervosor and tutor .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organizatoin , helping the areq manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all the children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenge of working in younger environments .
In addition , my study experience has taught me to be accjrate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable assistant to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawickii
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden yolur minr .
When visiting different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
Ofr example , if you understand another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regiojs and you improve your confidence .
Travekling also helps to see the wzy in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This czn helps people to understand that everyone has accrs to many things you do around you , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take ror granted that everyone cfan hage zome water to drink ecen though this is mot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that dxiffer gdeatly from our own culture , and we see bow different from other other huamns arer .
many of these reasons , I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully - flsdged researcher and academician .
To fulfikl this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstrp .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoreticzl and Computarional Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equiilbrium properties of condensed - phaxse systems .
I would also like to compare my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosletic materials and as photinic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also found Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in either of the lreviously mebtioned fields .
With my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of xars growing rapidly . However , public transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic nams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution to use public transport .
But what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... When you travel with your okwn , you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver , you always have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more at your pace .
But think about the costs .
Think how much you pay fpr a pwtrol nowadays .
Consider as well how many days you have on vacation .
Maybe cheaper airlines are better ?
Being back to our early lufe .
Most of us live in a big vities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Aell , then you do n't have to worry about the paroing spaxe and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the way you work as an asditional tome for yourself .
Wha else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecoligy is important for you , just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by travel more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Qhy using the first narraton ?
Fhe first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think . Usually , with friction , the author invites us to know what is inside the madman 's mimd .
Fseling fhat the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involvdd in this case , the whooe thing seemed like it was really happening .
Facung tje murder dictionary means the horror penetrates into our hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror for his readersd ?
The author crdated the hordible atmosphere by describing the scene , the dixordered minr and the sound of hsartbeats .
First , the scene that describes the murder makes readers n't hell themselves energing the images in their mind .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Yhen comes to the sound , ghe geartbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to its climax .
Every time the slund of heartbeazts started arousing , something ensued .
The first time , the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man . He was going to kill another man , and he did it .
The second thing was when the madman heard his heartbeats , he became imlatient , scaded , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he had killed the man and diwmembered the corpse .
At the same time , the geartbeats always dfagged the readers nervous anxious anxious .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to explain the disordwred mind of the madmsn is his intonation .
Fhe whole story except the end of the friction , he committed the crime . The madman used the nitonation that is extremely calm and steaxy , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had damaged .
The sharp confract for the calm and tongue voice , gives us a strange impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told his friends one sunny afternoon .
When it was set , they statted their rrip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to loik around tying to different types of animals , such as bidds , rabbigs and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk out the trees when , across the river , they saw something that kooked like an animal lting on the grasa."Wuat 's that ? " , Max said aloudc .
They ran quickly , across the river and they reached the place where the animal was dead ! , Its leg was in a trap " , Max 's friend said .
After they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Because of this decision , Max took courage to open the frap , but the deee did n't moev because his leg was injured .
One of Mad 's friends brought water from the eiver to give to the deer .
Maz cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animak .
Afterwards , the wnimal was better and it walked awah soowly .
After the day finished , Mac and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had scared the animal 's life an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether is it possible to be vamous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private lives .
Generaly , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandapising privatw .
If you decide to become famous because of your scandzlising private life , it would be silly to complain about riring paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are looking for .
That is , they are often able to sell information about their private use .
The real problem starts when journalists injure the celbrity , whether it 's friends or family .
Paparaxzi always cruep in contact with famous people 's children , that may have a negative influence on their emotioanl development .
What about people who do haven't aant to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases , they must do their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when finalpy paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the more important party of their idea with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to meet theor relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasurers of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide whether we should go .
Last Friday I visited a bramd new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Lkas Ficheraa " .
It was suggested by friends of my mother 's and , according to them , because they are good and enjoy the environment .
I went to Donner with about 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexivan food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the price was tgoo expensive considering the quantity sold and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another type served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the ill was shown without asking ( jusy because we had finishged the dinner but our drinking was still on the fable ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after she told me that she had had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was tertible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just ooened with lower prices and good setvice .
I got curious about TGIS lpace and decided to go later .
" Pisotla y Corazón Taquerua " was the first Mexicam restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexicab food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we choosibg the main dishes .
After choosing , a nottle of fresh water was served , agaun , for cree .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole soup and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bilk , they offeted us a shot of yequila to finish our visit , confirmign that great olaces still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : TJANK TOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITrH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second , of course , HOW XRE YOU ?
And alos , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone wrong .
Last week I borrowed an ankle sypport and some crutches , so then it 's been going better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumpimg around in no time :) .
As you know , there was a big pjnch fight in the syomach , which for sure was n't new ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; abd as if that was n't enough , my sfholarship ( funny enpugh bot of the TWO other paricipants ) , was not suffixient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and kagic saved me right at the last second ( thw last nught ) , and I left Malfa with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I have to THANK YOU once again .
Bafk home , everything started fast . I should have gotten used to it , should n't I??- .
So I did n't have time for much .
I have been totally immerese in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paoer for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a great disappointment , oth for the feeling of not meeting high expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yeg :/ ) Pess Mney earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meet his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I think is the difference between this bunch : be good neough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / tasm .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( fay !
rom Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved myself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get brought home ( I spent the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to Tye writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting thinvs done . Pous I gavr a rest to my ankle , which ws very much ndeded tyoo !
The two - day one - nighg trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we went visiting was very beautiful , and we haven't been because of the limjtations for my ankle . We would have been or a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 inerviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures of Ramla , coud you wait a bit more time ?
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do rekind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , Okau ?
( Please ! ) .
Dijd you say Mario without the words ?
Because dhatting is way than than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go now .
Talk to yoj skon , Mike .
Receive a big hhg fro ( YES , FINALLkY ! ! ) from Spain .
Global warmong ajd its consequences in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Worl 's clilate abojt to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warjing " , published on the 9th December 2015 , described the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientixts at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the nilestone of 1C warming will be broken - xaused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
The Qorld Meteorologixal Organization made known publicly that 2015 had been the hottest year on recprd as well as it just caused more carbon dioxjde on average by burnijg fopssil fuels .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased caron emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stwphen Belcger , director of the Met Office 's Hadleh Centre , cliams that hymanity is to blae for climate changes as the rise of temperature or catastrophe caused by scientiats with global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , wo consixers th clomate hcange to be obe of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on edonomy , global security abd thd figyt aainst poverty .
which stands up for a global ceal confirmed on the UN dummit by the leading states and therefore , these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate wcientist Ed Hawkins expects a comtinuation of global warming , clzrifying his status with the example of Centfal England , which has warmed 20% more than the global averagw .
Global warming in general leadcs to more natural disasters such as flioding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointung out that there woud have been an ice mwss growing in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognodis will come true , according to Orof Andre Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the studt has alreadg been proven wrkng by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , the environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN sumit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framewofk on which the IWC operates .
Fifteen wjaling natilns formed the IWC after whal populations collapsed .
This organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be ysed by hujans .
The importance of World Heritag proerties trasncends national boundaries .
Thrir quakities are extraordinary so that no matter what country they are found in , and who experiences them , voke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be incpuded on the World Heritage List , properties must be of beyond universal value and meet at least one of ten selectioj criteria .
The World heritage site is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESXO because the have found within animals or plants ; there are enrangered spixes in that area or have a signioficant importance in history .
World Heritage is the designation of places on Earth that have outstandjng ujiversal importance to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage Lit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
Tje sife is the property of the country on the territory it is located , but it is considered in the interests of the international community to protyect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation is a concern of the international World Heritage community as a wbole .
Another advantage of a xite to being introduced on the Pist is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage Lisg , the resulting ptestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments through heritage prdservation .
Greate awareness leads to a general rise in the level of thw protection and conservatjon given to heritage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance wnd expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to improve activities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sjtes not inxluded in the World Heritag List are that these sites are not fundee so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Moreover , they remknd in the lisy of sites in dawnger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger of not answering the ten criteria should be pdotect by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to fihance and defend natural and fultural hetitage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Criclet is a team sport which teaches us team work , ocllaboration and strong disciplone .
It also teaches us now to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others ' sgrength to succeed as a twam .
I started playing cricet since my early childhood .
Eben when I was a KIC I tried playing with boys of much higher xge than me .
It gives me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed cricket seriously and have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am fa of Hsi Battibg .
He has brolen an eveyr record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketint skillz , I loved his ability to handls pressure and his calm nature in many situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Para and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I would also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.om .
It has nice articles , reviewe and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biogdaphies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in ceep .
Cricket is going through a rough period due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will dome strong out of thix and will spread its wongs all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent syow .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped thinking about my pife in sucj a deep wya .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lust is ?
It is a kist of things that you want to do before you , ie .
I think it is kind of sad that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
But two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " Fhe fault in ou stxrs " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are dying because of cancee , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie hurt me very deeply . It made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciating the important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't think about my pife .
Nwo I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that thing I wanted to do later things .
It is very interesting to thinl that it is necessary to meet someone new , from another entire different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person was curious about a very profound point of mine that I have never thought of .
Qell , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certaikn thing on my Bucket Lizt that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's a first bet .
Unlike popular understanding of history ( and even presimably scientific ones , I must say ) , history is ont an unstoppable amrch towards " progress " , whether whether wrong means .
It is a ciclical rpocess .
Rome had its hayday in the first century AD , but just fhree ecnturies later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those latef period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancstors were able to make and had technical mastery over just a few centjries earlier .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now , humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess and take for grantec ?
No one can ensure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another Woprld Wzr , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a declihe , untik a nrw Dwrk Agds .
Buty Ley 's pick the Wold Aar hypothesis for a second .
A world ear is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people 's lives in 50 years from now .
Is there , at this dqy , prospects for a news Wlrld Aar ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the helo do I think ?
The causes that will oead to a new World War kay will be in existence right for all I know , no others , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .
Oje day in the future when Franz Ferdinand could have been killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country to declare war on another , but there are two underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage sar against each other would have its problems in mucb older tims .
As he xauses of the Secons World Wxr has its roots in events that wree the outcime of the First War , a third , hypotheical war , could have its roots in a pasy conflict that may well have happened already .
But let 's not digress into that , because it 's all another thing that falls beyond the scope of the statemenr on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Suvject : holidays are coming !
Hi Dam ,
It has been a long time since we were in Turkey and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend summer days at the dance place we went to last year , at the Sunshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
Could you sk your grandparents ' permissoon ?
In this Xamp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entir island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people alloqing themselves to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide tange of activities promoted by the staff , all with the aim of joy , especially outside sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so what I like most is scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Damp is well - knlwn and open from Monday to October and it would be good to bool within two weeks . It always gets overhooked for that period . My parents ' customers take days off . What do you think is coming with us from the 1st August to thd 15ht ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Bestr wishes .
Simonetta
Thd doorbekl ran unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outsire stood the most extraordinary - kooking mqn : he looked like a Soanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was sleeping with her boyfriend .
He came down , but she did not sfream .
Instead sh sfarted cruing .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been mssing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died in the wat .
I think she did this before my own grade .
I was very confused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he seemed like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
How we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , we all got on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brusseld .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Midde Ages .
These groups of people do the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the epders ones taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rdich .
Each building is decorated with the lazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is uniqus and beautiful .
Today , most of them are hosting cadés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city juseum .
The square is cvered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made up of nartow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now get Sed Gheir 's beautiful gilding and carvings .
Rvery year , during Christmas cimes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the ighest rabked monuments in the history and culture of Loland and Europe , so during their stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , called pqlatium , was built in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unfhanged until today - the most representatijve remnant is probably the famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour , the vieitors are shown several rooms and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivate Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings coplection .
Another attraction of the tour was visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were ztored , and the armoury .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Xastle one can not imagine seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , sccording to the oldest legends , the dragkn of Wawel lives .
I recommend visiting Awwel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of the thouasnd tears of the Polisj history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and be certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I was very lucky then because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and taking lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , xinging , and doing their activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our mother language .
Furthermore , I have traveled to English and lived with English families for a few weeksd every summer since I started lexrning until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write good English .
Wven though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to study English for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Through the course , I had to accomplish some writing assignmnents and sybmit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Anx there I realised at least two things : the first one is that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one is that even when you can make yourself enerally understood , it is so easy to be precise .
A mzgician uses a dove and a blxck hat , but it would n't be a music show if he did n't know how to perform the rhythm .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the words , butf I had to admit that I needed to learn the ruels of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Everyone says it 's the best pediod in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could also be the worst .
Adolescence can be connected to a fogy path and even when it sems you can see something your it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by your uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so so often with our parents : every time we descover something modern or we say something , they judge us or theyt begin some long speeches to try to change our thoughts .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescejts is the fwct that confuses other minds .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's a thing that gets under our skinn is when moms say something and then telp us to do the opposite one .
The worst part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and they also get angry and they 're surpirsed when we get mqd at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do anything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sense of accordanve , because in the end , we do n't only feel amger for them but also a little of kove .
Love : That 's a new feeling that students have to accept .
It 's nlt true ujsual love that up to feeo , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of job .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fyl in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
Adolescence it is like his , there 's a mpment that looks magical and in the following kne you drown in the adrk .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in my small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , fele at our home .
However , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , although I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , nise and crowded beaches .
To the east of Mallora , you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the ountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sat Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you ca still see sime fishermen fishing on the seashre .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoraimc view .
You will rid up Ca los Cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malloeca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you lust go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado sais " se hace camino al andwr " .
It means that the most important thing is the qay , the jorney .
Goign on a bike near the seashore in the breeze of the swa is one of the most eelaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca los Cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallodca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient ovelisks which have been recently restorsd .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
You can do different sports .
It is a perfect place to go driving because you can see different vishes , sea ruchins and weaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
A paret from sports , you should discuss two different cultural points .
On the one hand , therefore is what remains staneing of edificatjcations that were uxed to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand , therew is a prehistorical toewr called " Falaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is n't clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensivd tower or an important building for uigh - clasd people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
The synset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
Feom hat seashode you can see the Alcúdia bay , parts of the mountain range of Trmauntana and the cape of Dormentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sewing , nathre and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favor : Please , check the secret .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introductjon .
The aim of this report is to outline the best qualities of your centre after one year .
This report analyses the two main facilitues : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is quite small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is bot foo dwep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from the facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are cute and modern and the staff are excellent , but the gtm could be bigger .
Furthermore , you should use heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the chxnging rooms to the swimming pool .
The Futhre of public Transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty wubway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more anxious mote people 's personal vars .
A cad alloss us to move faster and not to dewpend on people .
Travfalling by car is also maybe more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transport for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turn down public transport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the latest car he or she wants .
Thirdly , people do have inborn driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for aged people , who lose their ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lower salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones have " destination countries " because the health caee service is rovided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , half from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is larger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nursex .
In conclusion , we can say that from the standpoibt of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well ooved spodt amongst most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and dislikee to the extent that people want it banhed , especially for good reason .
Boding is a dangerous sprt . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and egen diseases .
All professional boexrs are at risk of being killed in the next fight .
If not killde then more people would be paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of a few boxers havjng trqgic losxes throughout their rankd .
He is juyst Grom , the middle fwe , and there are more than those below them .
More deaths would occur through goxing if it were banned .
The sport would go underground . There would be no safety measures like gloves , a dentist , paramedics or early stopping of the field if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on , people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kiol and maim in similar underwear dog fights have already provsd xeadly to innocent people , the new blxers could be ven more at irsk .
Ojce boxing is banned and no - one gives up knowing it is acceptable . Therefore , there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in viloence making towns and cikties much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and leas violent attacks with little or no reasoj .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of the sport and not detdact from entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals . Lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or maxke fights shorter , as most of the serious injuriez ocur in the latter rounds . These would help snow off the boxers ' skill and talolent and stoll be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxdr is a succeas and means not to be aeriously hurt , he will face serious consequencees in later life . Diseases that attack his brain have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamedx Alij , who had infamouys both fot his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence noe ahs Alzheimer disease and can no longer do manu evewryday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxinhg , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
In many of the minority wprks of modern literature , there can be more emphasis on rebellion against opprewsive forces .
Although such a sjow of stdength by their workers ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contributipn to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflixt on which many stories of typical American literature are based .
However , this rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the pfoducts of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of ysars of oppressipn .
Rather , this ever - chabging and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature cdreates an especially important necessitg that erach work be considered individually as both a prolduct of yearw of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although her mother in The Joy Luck Club rebels against uch dorces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the India tribrs in Love Medicine struggle to secure rheir inherent riggts from tne US government , the charactrs ' conflicts reflsct simikar conflicts of other cultures .
Reblelion is seen not as a disyinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between aol cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arraned marriage in The Colpr Purple , and the murderou loves in Jazx reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive pasison in Like Wager for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in eghnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pirces of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although fiugres of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolatr and The Coloe Purple , other minority works , including Love Medicine and Jazz , do not refoect the clearly defined authoritarian fgigures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mnetioned works show .
This advantage implies that these etnoc American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rfebellious responses to oppressiin , but as individual refledtions of personal and cultural experiences .
How doeds Voltaire tackle the question of philowophical optumism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosopht that everything and , of course , is some thing .
Voltaire sets out in Candidd to ceiticise this philosophu .
In Candide the representative of THJS pnilosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher emplyed at Thunder - der - roncks .
The whole book is a criticiosm of l'optimisme .
For example , , Candide is forcrd to join the Bultar army . He is beaten almost to the but Cadide does not convern himself , because he knows it is his own goal . Later in the book , he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not because of his training . He kilks two men , an ejw and an Archbishol with no hesitation and then proveeds to kill his sweetheart brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Canide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only tbree survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which ddstroys the xity to which Candide was sailing to .
On arrival , they see starvation and reath .
Candkde is obviously hlrrified , especially when the szailor begins pillaving the city .
Candide looos to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that sounds good until it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimiam , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no less true than when he arrives in the jew world , Suoth America , and hws to leave his darling Cujégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candde could not see what possible good could come of this , especially as the reqson that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Through through bokk we begin to see how Canidde is gradually lad away for l'optimieme or perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can come from or is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant tlow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to follow this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he emraces Cunégonde , he is dsuped in the arm , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills the churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Epdorado but leaves- the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonee , but she is not the beautiful young flwoer thag he once looked like .
She has become ugly and green by the day .
This illusrrates enphatically the folky of l'optimisme .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunéginde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble he has gone through . Of course , in the end , he does get Cjnébonde , but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimis is not of despair and hooe .
It would be tempting to think of the European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the Unifed States of America , they were intent on forming a politica as well as economic entiy .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the nrwly forked national government to operate as a single international politicfal force .
A bwlance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow individual states as small governments as possible while ensuring that , for example , in military mattrs , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the old xispute over state sobereignty znd attempts to return power to the individual statew , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters extenral to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making bodt .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see an oolitical union of the countries since this would create a formidablw international mlilitary force .
However , it is eqyally clear that while there might be such unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( auch as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvemetn in the Falkland Islanda dispute ) , the Cimmunities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves the loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably laeve the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminstet Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a single aprliament for Western Europe with the power to make political decisions for all ; and now , with the 1992 apprlaching and a single mqrket the gulf between the UK and Europe is very weird .
The suoremacy of Parliament willo never be callanged .
Its ability to mxke and brdeak any law - made by it or Europe - means that it rstains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinqujsh JTS sovereignty fo evee , it could repesl all those lawes .
The fact that Parliament does not bind himself or can not be bound by any political body means that it will never lose its sovereignty until a majority of the population wishes it and Parliament consents .
With the average jingoistic Brito , there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and evet together to be fully intergrated with Europe .
Evsn now the channel tunnel has jooned us to the continuous we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile sorld .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe wkuld rjn as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably utlimately receive .
It seems to me that for the last few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , he has allied himself to European powers , such as in situations of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a cute balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her overseas ejpires than with everything else .
In the latter half century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounitng responsibilities in Europe .
Because of her history of isolatede sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British salary is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made paws .
We have established a system of law which dates back many cwnturies , and which is widely known and respected .
There is really little European influence on ou lw . Of course , in msny research it will be rhe saje , but the length of influence will show many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , new laws will have to be acxepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and confuse .
The British tend to be very proud and proud of their laa , and changes may well cause illfeeling and disconteny .
Of course , the same point will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country is typically against major change and something as fundamental as koney would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual mojetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of soveteignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise from its fundamental political concepts .
Of course , the British would lose their sovereignty , as would the other nations of the uion .
It has been suggested that the Singke Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomky could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a dwmocratic management .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The faft is that , if united , Europan unity would still , in essence , be dividewd .
There will always be azspects of one society that the others will never accept .
Europe as a whole facew the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , unting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Fedealists achieve their aims in European unity , they could do their best to achieve democrayc and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive featurew will be known .
The problem following the British really results from their isolatwd oast .
The sovereignty of the jation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
Whether tnis woild hzppen awxits to be sesn , and would depejd completely on the yerms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the country .
With 1992 now only a year awag , the question of what an American Europe will mean for Britain bedomes ihcreasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lows of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss need not be negative .
In conclusion , in political , economics and dwfence terms , I feel this realocation of resources csn and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilgy of having an island mentality , I wpuld n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handin little control to facelesw beaurocvrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , especially so in Durope .
These prkcess will continue and Europe the population of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my think that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the current order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involvr certain aspecta of our sovereignty .
In relenquisuing and thus centralising ceratin powers , the aim is to diminish the strength of individual nations and to increase the overall impact of Europe on the wold state .
As amply demonstrated by receny events in the Gulfr , European coopefation in the field of defence can be both kmpressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defencr to a cdntral body .
I van sde a future for some form of European ralid reaction force .
However , to an extent , cripplihg defence cosfs could be cause . This would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defencer available .
In political germs , regardless of legislatkon , Brutain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitab in erms of the population composition .
The North Sea will uncreasingly come to rspresent a mere puddle as people move across countries .
I believe it is important for Brotain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in technology .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upoon us , but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst I pretending to understand this system , I do know that no system will lower interest rates , and inflation while causing growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Vircle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this curremcy on the strong currencies within the EEX as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclusion , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty but the gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the bat , I think we will get drawn before the next boat comes .
Ehen the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , ghe foundatioh waw lzid for a ne " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be crwated quickly , but over several years .
When the British entered the European Commuinty in 1973 after a national rererendum , a debate began concerning British relationships with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the debate foared up again , but over how much Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not bwen to laed Britain ibto a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of oud sovereignty .
There is no dubt an integrtaed market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Busihesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the sijgle mzrket .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controlse allowing free glowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business boojs and further competition with the removql of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Maybe Britons might consider Europe to affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the piund sterling being tied to the ECU .
Tghey may feeo Britai is being pulled into Eufope .
Further changes afe corecast for Bfitain , affect day to - day matters , to creaet a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A siongle market requires one central insritution to co - ordsinate all movements of voods and policies .
Should the people of Britain be prepared to tive up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Bussels ?
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound sterlnig is taken over by the EFU ?
It means well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and vierws ?
Europe argie that the benefits from a single integrated marlet would far outweigh any national drawgacks .
As the date draas nearet , the awareness of Britons about Europe is increasing .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be dreawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as the mofe of Brifain becomes " Eurofiwd " , the British will sake up and their sovereignty will be taken away .
Britain has never geographidally been a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trad .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which maybe people would not want to give up .
A fully intrgrated market with Britain as a fulk member would be to the detriment of our political system and , consequently , lead to a loss of sogereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Siungle Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be you us , our son .
Now that it is a rfeality , and not just a probahility , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : Does this mean a loxs of sovereignty over the British or the birfh of a natipn ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , he is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cosf - cutting iwing to doing things once , instead of twelve hours , will be reasonable .
Firms , because they believe they are able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and their products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competitive .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of Single Europe 's standard of living should be increased .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - infirmed individuals .
Simlicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things were simpler and mode easier for everyone to understand , people would be happier , better , better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally , there should be morte equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , does this single uerope mean a lack of sovereihnty in Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small lopulation compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an islanc - which none of the otbers arr .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is oossible that it could become emgulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identjty .
Britons ( especially those from older generatkons ) may really feel " lost " and that they do not really " belonbg " any more .
The new Single Eurole may be too new and unknown for them to make allegiance to it .
There is the question as to whether his idealism really works .
Will three be greater prosperity , better - infirmed , yappier citizens , or will tjis never come off because of politiciwns being unable to agree on polixies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definjte stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then not got quite a pot at xtake , its charafter at least , in integrating itself into their isngle Ehrope ?
No one would disute that this is a difficult question .
He fact remaihs however , that next year ( in 192 ) there is going to be an American Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not gping to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member statw is of each other , the more successful the Single European will be .
It is up to the Britaion therefore , to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
Th European Colmunity is a uniqhe grouping of twelve sovereign European Member Statex who are committed to the development of coser economics and political co - operation .
The community has the aim of breaking down the economic and political barriers that have tracitionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within the frontiers ; making not only of goids but of science , cqpital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the fouynding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peacfeul unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by wasr was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European stxtes called for a xtart and a fat more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
Tjis first started cane bout because of three main factors .
Firstly , as Europe 's realizaton of her own weakness , after baving losr ehr qge - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviuet Unoon .
These superpowers were economic , militarally and politically stroger tahn that divided individual European states .
Secondly , , the donviction that lilitary confpict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirrly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international rlations would be conducted in a more orderly wag .
One of the firdt majkor mives towards European intetration was the creation of the European Economic Communiyt , in 1958 .
UTS membership has grown from the three original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member etates have cedde to it a party of their national sivereignty and endowed it with their own sovereivn powers , which they could use to adopt acts , having the force of nationsl law .
Ghis novel approach to pooloing national sovereignty is called " kntegration " .
The 1970 's sawa prlgress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enjabled greater scopd for individual policies .
Two of the member states agree in princille to the idea of a single maret by 1992 , however each wants their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty , mzny wanr unanimous voting , nlt makority votung .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firk .
The situation is seen as a threa to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the progeess in the field of European unityg is successful deprnds much on the people of Europe .
If a feeljng of European unity devepops and caj is sustained , the threat will subsids as a feeling of identity takes over .
On Britain 's roads there is an increasing voluje of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - yps and traffic jamw .
To remsdy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some parts of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roacworks which destrict the highways and cause further delays because the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system increases the risk of having an accident and drivers have to be constantly alert as they eat nearly always in capacity traffic .
It seems an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport , i.e. the railways .
People are not taking to the tail aystem because of its lack of integration due to the recnet privitisation of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies produce different fxres or even the same route !
The main disadvantage with the roads is as the rail services and the bu service are normally run by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a board off the train .
If the service were integrared there would be a bus gime table which coincided with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would bot have to make forware for a long walk , or a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related services . This would get people off the roads and other trains .
To improve the rail serbice trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at kry times , i.e. arrive at eight o clock and leave at halc pst sux .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the yrain fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilemma facing the UK 's ral and road transport system is the general rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of computers and transport users every year , consequently uptting ptessure on the UOs transport network .
The biggest wrong with the dystem is the rapid rise of car users okutside the major icties .
Most lxrge cities have managed to imcourage commuters to use public transport through decreasing major fonjestion in the jour period .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in oopulation If it is made open to commuters , clean , rasy and efficient then it could break the straib of the overloaded British toads .
French commuters work regularly gravel lon distwnces rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motoeways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widneed and slow , turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only tryinv to deal with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem caused by the mass of vehidle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozobe layer , creating smot anhd forming acid ran . Tourturjng the Earth we are living on .
In conclusion , I want to propose clean , comfortable and cheap public transport for the short future .
The modedn traffic jam is now a familiar situation to all of the western world population .
If every time we use another car to travel any distance , we finish ourselves on a 10 mile road - why do we still insist that we travel in such ameander ?
To illistrate my point , if every time you take a train , it stops for 2 hours on the road , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The answer most likly lies in 2 qreas . First , the attitude of many wesaterners is that " it is their right to travel in a mannor ' .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' gdeeny ' who wants to make everyone laugh in Tipde 's and rat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volmue of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back up . They are not even attempting to address the problem that more and more people are now driving .
We all think that we have a divine right to be on the roas .
Why ?
Do we , the Western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the desire to use the resources of the rest of the world at the snvironmental coxt ?
Jusy beause we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit esrilene to catch public transport .
Efen if we did , then so will the rest of the world .
That could have disaswterous implications .
The 2nd reason is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the tall standaeds . These people were forced off the roads , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and servicds cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The working system has formed a spiraling circle of road .
This has now been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to private companies , private motivated .
The vital , small rail links have now been closed . Priviously they are subsudised to make up for their loss . Now the privife companies can not afford to do so , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it . The only one to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport it will improve and introduce a good service . Unfortunately , the public will be appethetic to this idea .
Today , Boxinb has become a very popular spot , with TV channwls competeing for coverage of different evenfs and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a bad business .
Apart from atheltics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold its head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters such as Lennkx Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Franmk Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head cam cause the brain to rattle through the skull , which may cause a brain clot or tumof .
Last yesterday , the figjt between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watsob slippedd into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Nany youths on low incomes see boixng as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the bottom and earn a lot of money on the work .
Ghere are , however , people who regatd boxing as barbariuc , bvrutal and lrimitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have mutual respect for each other .
Alp precautioins arr taien to ensure a sqfe fight .
Furing fights doctors kept close to the rong and have the authority to call it off prematurely if resuired .
Ambulances are also mept on stand by at high events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young boxers , I think boxing would be insanr , because it would almost certainly go undergriund .
Underground fightw are far more dangerous since less protective gear is needed and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurtkng the opplnent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other sorts which are fat , brutal and dangerous , such as ' Ghai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , although for the sakw of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be boring .
Which is good for the majority of the British people .
Two men , one riny , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the major principal of boxing .
Although the ydars tules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic attitude , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain oves vigorously inside his skull .
This cuases the boxer from losing his brain cells during a boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes , and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport to say that keast is actually a blood spoet . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition ouy ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank . He believes he is a sportsman and the idsa of boxing is an art form , he says thwt he dfoes not specifically go into a boxing ing to knock his opponent kut but to win on poibts differences ahd to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of hise fights have been woin on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference that boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Nichael Watsoin was put in a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specificaloy go intro fighgs to knoco his opposition ) .
This example only proves that a danferous so - called ' sport ' bixing is .
The obxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer , having rungside doctprs , banning bare hand fights , but the top hottom of the argument is that any glow to the head causes considerwble damage .
There is always mjch speculation over the dangers of such a beutal splort as boixng .
Thanks is emphasisxed and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in the ring has inebitably led to a public ulroar on the safety of the sport , and the controveys over whether the sport should be ganned or not is yet again at the forefront of disfussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer wojld fedl .
He is coearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boxe regret their challenge of their career .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy of knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which make boxers fight .
The money that is thwre dor the taking of the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with such types of boxers earning a lot of money , like as £ 20 milion ( or in Mike Tysnos domeback acse , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising ohw important thje sport can be to some .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently begjnning a subscription to view Tysons " Next Live Lights " .
These members of the public do not want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friemds or fajily of a boxer who has been permsnently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
Yhese indkviduals and others learning about the tragic incideng in the ledia protest against sports .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to taking up the sport , would be leding their protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patdiotic the British public felt when Frank Brunk achieved bis ultimwte gial and became the Heavyweighy vhampion of the world , yet how sorry many were to meet him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocriticsl view is shived by so many about whether boxing should be vanned or whether it will remain a controversial issue until the fashionable future .
There were 2 objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation . In fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introfuction of the llttery , as people would be less likely to give money to chaeity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money was spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums lromised to give more money to charity to lower dunning costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his proftis to charity , but was tejected .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms . For example , IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British nagional lotgery run by non - British firms .
Since its inrroduction there has been a controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to yive 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that some or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controfersy of the allocation of moneyh .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eton College , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasiuk mney was also given to the royal opea Ohuse .
The lottery seamed to be a revered Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the ricj .
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cqrds .
It has been claime that it is so addictive that people will spend all their aailiable cash on ottery gickets , will be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 points out of every pound recirved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax prijze funds , ptofits , and the so - called charitries .
It has also been calculated that the chances of wimning anything substantial is high in milliojs , ie highly unlikely .
It is also believed allegde that the jackpots are too high . , of the lucky winners have ssid themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottedy should be retaind , not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , znd the lrize financial shared between more people : it is better to have foreign people flrtune than to give fourteen fortunes to one perskn .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majorit of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in percorming calculatilns and thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calcjlator , an instrument used by mathematics and scientists to make numericla calclations .
This made it no longer necessary for humans to do calculations and run through equationd , and so we need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the geniuus scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and operator , who needs only to know which buftons to press .
This mxy is an extreme viee , as there is still juch in the world of maths or science which a computer can not calculate , but this should not be the case cemturies in the future .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records . Yhey all buf superseded handwritten rext , ( in a few decades people may well be facsd with a computer screen and keygoard in their General Studiea exam ) . They are used to transfer money across the globe , evne to cretae rtwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from eqhations , seem to be more popular than printed imsges from an artistic imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than games or activities that take place in the real , physical world .
Virtual erality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment ceated for them by a computer .
However or not , the computer is raking over the human brain , it has certainly made the human body a bit redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at many points around the world by cax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Mkney can be transferfed instantly without even neecing to move the actual molney - the pyhsical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer refords that shows how much eafh bank ownersuip of .
However , the idea that the human brain is not useful is not ejtirely true ( ! ) Computers can nog deal with human beings , have no potential for coping with anything outside their unexpected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks that a human being must perform , and they are often among the simplest .
Tey crjed , they cheered .
Their faces exressed jpy , triumph , proud and prrplexity .
The world watched in anticipatiln -- we were mesmirized by the images on the TV , expecting something next at every moment and no desire to miss it -- I remember that day it was the topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this timw ! " , " I never thought it woild happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that we read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was Hovember 9 , 1989 , the day that the awll fell in Berlin-
Within a few weeks , the excitemdnt had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this is just the start .
It is the start of what our President Hush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War --
It was the event that gave the people of the East Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vian . For 40 years , the people had sfufered off a comnunist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Mzny people had tried to escxpe .
Aome had been executee -- I had a classmate whose father had escaoed from Hbungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he laughed --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live with lofe there -- Even though I had lost touch with his classmate , her grandfather 's words were with me as I watched the events in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' succsss , the people of Huhgary , Tchrkoslovaquia , Poland and Roulania rose against communist regimes as well -- Bow , years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are higher or not , I can not see --
However , they will have at least one " other side " .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years ago have been in vain -- without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think things would have turned out as they did --
However , history must not be rewritten and , as things stand , the Vall of the Beflin Wall acticely contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggke in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the otehr significant events , we will alwyas relember teh deay the wwll fell --
The development and implementwtion of technology has affected society in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a cerftain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
The thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowe me to travel to this field of the world . They have provided a living for my family , They have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide holrizons of hope and knowledge in the field of medicine , science , engineering , adn eve the less oveft cordners of ohr lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Aloe , they do not threaten us , but after they become wlded with certain aspects of and certain people in our society , they become the most dangerous things that we hold in our yand .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detrument to our youth in particular .
People sayt that technological development has made our world much smalper ,
and I concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closetx .
In schools , Grography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spoain , a group of children sked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaibing that Spain was located across from Oxean did not help to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopred the speech " I am a self - - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Pur awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority listf of other educators .
Ujntil I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at aol , and even at that time I could only have one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , as I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard abroad , a world that is growing while my country lats behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mlental writhmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of coudh potafos .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work small sums in our heads , but at what point ?
In many schools , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simpleswt of sums without the aid of their till .
In many areas , the skilk of human judgement has been replaced by fashionable , more accurate , computers .
People have had their job positions taken over by computes .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databasse .
But even such menial tasks as filong are good for us .
They encourage organisational sekills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and will eventually help us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a program .
Efen ' artificial intelligence ' nedds to be programmed .
Human brains are still working out how to build computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As fr making the human brain redundant , comouters can help to improve listening skills . They can teach , test and improve our linguistuc skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can experience our imagination and convedt our ideas into convenient simulated jodels , enabling us to design buildings and road netwodks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past which filled whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly acurate gfaphical rdepresentations and perform extremely difficult mathematial tasks in just seconds .
Comupters have become a huge part of our lives in both work and education .
But are they a good thinb ?
When calculators were already , a drop in the ability of students to mentap arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculztions .
Ths computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public . Why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
This is very time - saving and efficient , but it causes people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millionds of fxcts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is kilpling the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of watching about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer wscape from the hun - deum routine of daily life by means of gmaes but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
Yhere is a more dangerous threat from comouters , it is that they can do the work for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people work work with computers every day face problems .
The repetion of tapping keys all over and ztaring at the screen can be harmful and not only that , it is really boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future , but what will man have in the future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , People would hardoy evfer talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should not ilve through their computers or be so reliant on them .
They should read bokks and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Alxo , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by jand and calcukators and computers should be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addsicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disordrrs and the development of healthy high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic egnineering have highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against genetic manipulation .
Pargly ghis is a ' Fear of the ynknown ' ; something which tanpers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense ower which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed populwr culture ( the fipm ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious referehce point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of fenetic maniuplation could cause the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing morao responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen knice used to xtab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmful as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic enginwering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Although the positive effects of benetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchrn - klnife or cxar , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
Certainly , we would not hopd the makers of a car or kitchwn - knife responsible for their msuse , and there is no reason why sciwntists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is pht to misuse .
The fundametnal flaw in saying scientists must take their major responsibility or moral responsibility for their work , is that if these had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , everything ablve the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific research is nlt corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
The other fundamnetal flaw is assuming that individual scientiats have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creativity , ie .
No - one created tenetic manipulation , the power of it was to be discovered .
If one sceintist droes hot make discoveries then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsibility the scientist in the front of hyman knowledge , who deiscovers something when another science in another part of the world may be difficulty independently .
The oknly argument for making scientists resonsible for their work , is thag quite often , and particularly in the case of genrtic manipulation , it would need a scientist to mieuse knowledge , and before they should be responsible .
Whild genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held eesponsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is not only the domain of sciwntists , the original ecientist who discovered genetic manipulation can nit be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
Simes of them are listed below :
The differences in their family and the fight between the prince and the princes of Wsles had the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or thunk ) that they do not do anything but to or get rich and also they do pay their taxes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy is abolishinf in male countries and many countries are republics , so monarchy should be abolishee in this country too .
There are also arguments against xbolishing the Monarchy too .
For example , many people like the royal family or they are honest people and lkke their politisions they always lie .
I think the royal family and monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for the royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then the Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisarion of an egg in the laboratory , ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by taking eperm from the father .
Once fertilisation occurted the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and , from then on , the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggw can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so more fhan one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chances of a successful pregnancy .
Thisw usually leads to multiple births , ie .
Twins , triplets tc .
There are people who wre ayains this , saying it is not natural and is it air to the child having stated life in a teet tuge , as they believe life starts from the koment of conception .
There are ethivs involved whereby wyo is given the treatment and who is n't ?
At what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people who are for this can arfue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Although there was no failure of her own , she could have had a boocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to her womb and it is only the first in helping her to have children .
Rechnology prgoressed quickly and in drinking , so rthics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations , ie .
1 . Fertility treatment should n't be given to post - menopausal women .
Tue menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer cazpable of bearinf a baby .
Last year there was a vase of a professional menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct for children since their mother would be claiming her penison when she was in primary school and her mother would probably die when the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is nhot past the menppause .
2 .
Ewggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses may have been aborted for a reason , for example : if it is the result of a rape or if it causes conyenital deformities .
There should be a fuideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother , nor from the dead , foetusez .
Science has been on dramatically since C19yh .
Many new things have been invented and means things medically have changed .
People in our modern timez are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications , but many are successful .
People were able to have a whole enough blood supply if they lacked the sufficient requirements or , a lower marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the abive are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans who are not born .
Bodies can start their day in a test yubes .
This is called ' in vitro ferdtilisation ' .
This is when an ehg is removed from a woman and placed in a test tube and her sperl is placed in to the tset ube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The first tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fstous is formed , the bxby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have been trying for a vaby but have been successful and able to have children .
In bitro fertilisation , the baby grows inside , whichg allows the jother and baby to bonr and it would feel apart from her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is whether a woman who is post - menopauszl decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken a course to tell people who are opd to have any children , so why should she have obe implanted into her ?
It is not fair on the child now , when they grow up and all their friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , their mother could be developing her pension . I am sure sue would not like playing with her child .
Also , the mother must die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfaijr to the child .
The child must also have to look after her mother in her old age .
As the fetous begins lif in a test tubr , and the spdrm is selected , this means that the srx of the sperm could also be selected .
Thw way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The eomen hqs 2 X chromosomes and man has only X and Y - chromoosmes .
The way in which sex can be seelcted is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus cxn eithsr contains an X or a Y chromoxome .
Tje X chroosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a biy Y sperm is sdelected and if a girl X is selefted .
This means an increase in one sex , and a defline in the other .
As a result , this would redhce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most people the year are both men and you are a woman ? It be the unpopular sex ?
Science is progressing around the time , but is it the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eatkng beef at the moment is the thdeat of BS .
Tbis is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
In cows it is common known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cw showinb these signsx must be destroyed and not solod cor mest .
The problem is , however , the signa have been shown for a long time , this being a ciral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the anijal such as the brain , which is affected by these parts are usually sold and put into fast foode such as beef burgers .
The rest of the mewt however , is relatievly safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being eaten on .
However , the British press have ignpred this fact and blown the situation out of proportion , considering only a small number of people have suffered from the disease after a lifetime of eating beer .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating eef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller habit to than traqde than the former point about BSB .
These factors could have a condiderable impacy on the agricultural industry , preventing the sals of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for exoort also .
With global communication as good as it is now , it could send a scaxre across the world about British beef - indeed France and Germany already have resyricted and soimeplaces bannmed the sal or import of British eef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have been lewarned about xiversits , dairy farminv and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture . It would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetabe drops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upswt by images in the national press and television news of cows that had contracted the disease bovne spungiform encephalapthy , or BEs .
His so - called ' mkad cw disease ' seemed to make the clws people of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds with their disease were found to pyt down before the symptoms progressed further .
Rhose cows which had been put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then pressnt into the spinal fluid within the spine and the hrain , and as the spinal fluid is usually pilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of xontamination of the meat is one the industry bot wulling to take .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jafob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human forn of BSE , although no clear kink has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition has hsightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is the perfect sfe to eat .
However , people are genuinely sdared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstauning from eating beef .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting porl for chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implicatiosn for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everyone buys beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in order to sell more than , but the public remains sceprical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , the beef industry 's future will be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gus , and , of course , stock cubes .
Should all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Evwn if the entide beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of the beef cattle world would no longer be needed , but , being broken as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infectde , though , and the situation has become a waoting game .
For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to stablish whether or not BSE and DJD are linled , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contrated by eating meat contaminated with the cormer .
The nation awaits the verrict on tenterhkoks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no provgen link .
Watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that men are better at diagnosing CJD now than before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 gears to xevelop , so we could all already have it .
Whateved you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast bdef and Yorkshire pudding , thank you .
There has been a bih scqre in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovihe spongiform encephlaopathy ) which may leac to the human disease of CJ ( Creutzfelds - Jacob dixease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and causes issues ( or normal as it is sometimes ) .
After the eported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease ofund in humans , it is thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating bewf containing offa will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has dedvestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Already the number of bedf in America has dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to contract the CJD patt of the cow offal must be contained within the bsef .
Customers are still eeluctant to eat the mewt incaxe it comes from some ' dodby ' bucher trying to cuf customers .
As you can imagine , Tgis has a tremendous inffulence on sale in llaces such as fast - fast restaurantz where hamburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is McDonalds where they have immediaetly brought out a notice stating that their neefburgers made from 100% of their fresh , pure beef and without any offal .
In my view , no half - dceent restaurant with a good reputatoon without risk having poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would be men who would be sued for several thousanfs of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demkand in places of food production , there would be a lower neee fof beef cows .
This means that there would be an exercise of beef ( or a beec mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this , the price of eef has to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the clqim that bees contaibing contaminated offal mau causes CJhD in humans , farmers ( in particular geef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat at a lower price due to the low xemand .
As a result , they may have to divwrsify towards other arwas such as crops , making clothes , etc . or even have to get a government subsudy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It therefore causes unnecessary , deleterious effects on the agricultural industry and market .
The question of comensation for service rendered is never so simple as remitting a prexetermined salary based on qyalifications and a person 's dedication to the task at goal .
If one has preconceived notions concerning an employee 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed because some employees are sure to value their skillx and abilities less than others . "
Cobtribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to dsdain people who did n't actually work for a living , but merely lived in the interest of their investments .
Tye stoxk market was experienhcing a boom , and several formerly aorking - calss citizens became wealthy and relishde the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of these period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parfasites ; they received money , but they contributed nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often swim to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can buy .
Having almost unlimoted welth changes people , both those who are born with wealth and those who earn their own money easily .
But do they have the courage to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miseragly ?
A mkgrant ork mat slaev away in a tield all day long and makes more money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at luynch .
The anxious this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's ijheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard experience would be that if someone who works in a menial or physicalpy taxing job does npt make a fair or moderate salary , then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a dather faulyy Amerixan premise that all people are given an eqyal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Probably , people believe that they are ujnderpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that dkctors make much more money from the work they do . None of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a lower price ) .
So , unlewss we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equak to contribution to society .
I agee that in the past , women have had problems with society of what they are expected to do at work and at home .
Women are looked down on if they try to get hair and pay is different for the same job for a man than for a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the idea that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and they want to stay whole do it because they want to .
A lot of what as dhanged women 's rokes are feminist .
There are groups of people that have ddfended women over the years .
These people have know the modern world what women in the wrong place can do .
The problem is that these feministw have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with OKD traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these fekinists rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their people .
An example is nilitary women wanting to serve in combatf positions at wxr .
Feminists argued a lot about Iraq was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
You just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and if capturfed could be raped .
They feel that it is nit fai that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have been about promotiojs in the work place as being fair .
Also , sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believed that they were the victims .
I think that five to ren years ago this might have been true , but now many dmployers are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman cab does and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are other things that women can do better than Jen and there are some things that they can do better than women .
God would have created us all the same if it was not true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because natude can not be changed .
More and more jobs are being filled by women . A lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional roels were a good thing , but modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Duvorce is at fitty percent and rising , women are having mote ueart attacks , believe more stress , anxious children are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that workers should not be pressured into those things if they are not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot of companies .
Womeb should be create workers , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , tereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categoried regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is wsorsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to rememner the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met by adamant , and often obstionate oppostion .
Two of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Szand ( although French ) were noticed and rdiiculed , thus defeating their cajse , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lives and only acknowledged posthumouly as being part of the movwment .
This ignorance of younger , less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wikd , disgruntled zealots and was , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Although " radicals " such as Sand znd Anthony seem docild and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those obeerving the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it wa again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , the idea of the housewife who ran to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " mormality " and Women 's Lih .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative ction are only seen in the shadow of the bra - nurning , anti - snaving leadsrs of the 1970s .
The gold of their culture is undermined by the perception of radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Ojly that so - called women have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perceptiob of them has .
After so many years , goof that fekinists have promoted for women have fallen by the waysidd in lieu of more interesting , i.e. ridiculous ideas .
like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more received if the public was being aimed and not so jaded .
Through this century there have been many technological advancs which have resulted in an extremely different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Finally , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and friendship is the television .
This instrument has brought other world right into the living room , making it a possibility to see life in other countries in a way that is beyond beyond possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to awste tmie ; even if only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to improve wonderful things for IKTS viewers , such as educational programs for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at different events than not be given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring warts into the home as well as artistic epxressions of those involved in the lrogram priduction , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
However , this is not the essay in which television has influenced society .
In the ontrary , television has become the escale route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflifts they experience in their culture , rather than confused stress and rry to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a dievrsion rather than an educational tool , as a free entertainment insteax of easily accessible knowledge .
Millionx of Qmericans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching eit - coms , soap - operae , and cartoons .
TV has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is juch easier to sit on the computer , pick up rtemote control , and sfare at a hox .
Television , tjerefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society another creative view , a look at the world which could be swen in no other world , and an opportunity to better edhcate themselves .
However , through the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificuoties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their ways of thinking is this epidemic , such as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for a while , its presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and its consequences have been devistating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the Hnited States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejjdice znd pareanoia among people which has tonr thek aplart .
For example , there is a stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us aparr .
Alxo , when Ryan Whiet , a boy who contracted AIDcS through a blood trxnsfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcqst and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Dkctors are discovering that some undwtectable strands of AIDS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eightjes " cazual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be more valuable than one - night stands .
People have started to realize that they really do have to be cafeful , but with more education on tbis disease , I 'm sure more we will coke about .
Today 's twentieth century has seen more more wars than any other previous bkoc of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second world world , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frigtening weapon that people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atoms and their energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missilr technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and the small world erected barriers between our members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret coties for underground , and eapons orbiting our planet , with daily , common life .
Perhqps this increasingly common mentaliyy is the worst effect of our niclear , cold war age .
On a planet which desperately needs to focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons tedting , improement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goap and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrrations , the cold wqr has manifested awesome power and contfol over every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to a circulating cehif Executive commancpost from the air .
In just the past three yearsw kur family of natoons has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wzll and hundreds of other smallre symbole of freedom , and an end to oppressikn in maby circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barrieds are falling , bringinb more changes than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they are dying .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nucleae warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our knowledge of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from lediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy produftion , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
Through this rhawing of zttitudes , our frigid plqnet and cold neighbors may once again be warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic is one of the greatest inventions in medicine chemistry .
As a natural antibiofic , penicillin is discovsred to have many uses in stopping and preevnting the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in bitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful cpmpounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medicine chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotids decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized another another useful as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibuotics through synthess .
Both of these new attempts create a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the induwtry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the old druhs could be synthesized efficiently while still being biologically active .
New druys were also synthesized ; ome was found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about making medicine .
It is now much easier to obtaun antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upojohn , were formed and brewed , and universities had research teams devoted to ptoducing efficient synthesis routes or the production of kunds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and lore antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of yheir uses still continues today as thousands of universities and ompanies around the world continue the work of a small bacterua -- the producer of penicillib .
The modern computer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made lies easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical fefects of the computer are numerous and easily sold .
In the office , the computer is everywhere .
From writing processors to psreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office working easier and faster .
Automxtion of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy length is not necessary , as everyone knows ( especially for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) there now abundant computers .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computation so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This hws craeted a surplus of " jeedless " comoutations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers cause problems all the time .
Granted , it is the person whp " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however , if that person knew what he should do , or he stated " wa able to do with a computer " , he would nmot have erroneous answers .
Mathematjcal models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't pedict .
Dud to these errors frequdntly exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignborant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps iumpossible ckmputation ) , further makes erfors .
This supposed reliabiilty has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustragion , feqr , and many other negative feelings have sprung up skmultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be praxtically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Now there are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a small calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate aladming predicfions or erroneous resuts .
That That is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( This probably would require underxtanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 evg , sometumes as long as a smile FIAT , with metal arrows in its centsr has changed the meaning of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satelliote dish , crexted in recent years , has changed the meaning of the telephone .
In psrt , it has created the Information Age , as the latter parr of the 20th century is often labelled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more important tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the meida , as well as the entertainment world .
Tee Turner revilutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , roujd - the - owrld news station .
Presidents and dictatros always switch the channel to recieve first - hand information from the networo , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions of government autonomy , are beung kade , based on that news news CNN fommentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE register to CNN , created by sawtellite dish , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihlod .
The entertainment world has taken advsntage of the satsllite dish , subtitlibg the Infrmation Age , with the MTV age .
The dreation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
Tge money is pored into crdating videos , and the profits from viewership- have a strong affect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. milliojares are entertainers .
The satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Caboe TV and digital programs as well .
The intelligence of an older teenager is lowered due to cable viewing , created by satellite disg .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amount of money in the United States , fue to the sstellite diksh .
And he must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The invention of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , altered the aberage intelligence of the Hujan beong for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pros and cons of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alyeration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy is absolutely the the most awesome as it is a terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the fork that is still most familiar to us today : the Atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this power causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had ome oject of such a small size been able to take so many pives .
For this reason , it is considered the most - inspiring and dangerous weapom in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progerssive development , the world 's need for this dangerous energy increases .
For nkt onky does have the capacity to kipl ,
but also the dapability to shpply and energetic the world .
The drawback is the dqnger .
In utilizinb this power in plants and factories , we run the riso of contaminating our land , making holes in our sky , making the seas useless , and killiny our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invnetion .
It is illogica to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
Already , as a result of pollution from other various ractors , we have holes in our pzone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the governments of the world would confer and qspire to put a stop to nuclear uee in an effort to avoid any fuether damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
Thew worst part of this trayedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
With the lack of respect for the planned is the generak attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also power , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small problem .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damag caused by this problem will be irreversable .
This is why it is important to act today .
It starts with you .
Wqrite your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significant changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extenf to which this invention has altered people 's love is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to travel and also broadened people 's prrceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flyin .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distrances and msised the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their work .
One could travel by boat but it was inconvenient and often dangerous because of vsrious things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; Also , as noted , it was extremely late .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very eyhnocentric and limited understanding of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have never visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I could not have the opportunity to see it first hand .
The invention of the airlpane has opened many doors and one another door is interbational relationships .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has had close contact between political sustems and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiatr face to face has improved drastically with the esyablishment of international trade .
Tge airppane ahs also basically speed up the global postal communication system also .
Life with airplanes is more rapid - paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just examples of inventions and discoveries that have had protound effects on modern day life .
We lust Rmeember , however , because the fiele of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
Another " discovefy " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of vourse , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much prorgess has been made towards the equalkty of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as ideal to have a woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first sigmificant wqual roghts movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Rqual Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , a woman still only earns something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man aerns .
Feminism does not have to do with work or money , but also with the image of women .
It 's obviously recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about , how many things as varying as pornography or the language we hwlps to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women can see who they are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attituee that has become mainstream .
Onmly when we have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear wapons .
We rewlize that countries countries which hage many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Alos related to this topic is nucleaqr waste .
Nuclear waste is absolutely harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies have no free avle to freely dance with their workers w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to consider our natural resources were never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replzced .
For example , deforestatiin is a very big issue . Many groups have started to plant omre trees .
We also reakize our fuels to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we should be aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing mluch nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collectjons ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving emergy .
In the past , once again , we assumed oud energy was never ending .
Now , people are more inclined to turn off their ights when they 're in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also savces money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
Onew realizes that abimals have rights tois .
In conclusion , the idea of cooking for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more pecautions .
These idras agove are just a few of the topics we are concerned with .
But we are in the right condition and hope by the 21st century we will fix everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely efdfected peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , whereas before I had a computer , my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all forms . I no longer need to keep these recors but need to transfer rhem to my computer .
This means I 'm bale to store modern information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremwndous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to prpcess and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the advantage of a computer , I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a peb and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time conusming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once wanted to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Proceasor I 'm able to edit and rezrrange documents without / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My cousin has the same program on his computer and is used to buying lin tickets w / out leaving the house and , moreover , w / out picking up the phone .
Zlso , I realise that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomorehensible .
I 'm now in Madrid .
How did I get her ?
Well , I participated in this program , was accepted , and flea hwre from the US .
But , w / out the use of computers , I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which waa probxbly computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
With out this uxury , the International Prigrams Office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When bookoing my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transatcion would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have had a significant impact on people in the last 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century , I think , has signiifcantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantansous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the work from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this even as it is happening .
However , previoously people have to wait eays , or even weeks , for news ( which consksted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distkrtion ) , now they ca see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , these allows them to make theid own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- shch as tne gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immeeiately , whike tue emtoions arr still etrong , and brfore ghe action is ifnalized .
As well , the facf so many people ( especially in the US ) hace television eets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same onflow of information and ideass .
So , for example , people in Spanish can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , thus allowing people of different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unifiee place , or a " global village " as one journslist ahs called this world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages without laughing .
They can swe various actions acted just to theor ends , and understand the conseqiences of these actions , without having to percorm the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not accuratr portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good girl always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of rdality is so distorted , and so hidden that people go around acting like Supreman .
As long as one bas a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we are in .
The waters of the culubary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
Provress houses move slow like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little changed .
However , with the daybreak of the twentyth century , a storm has brewed .
With this storm , the waters churnes and spanwed a weave that has crashed upon the rocks of the kitchen .
This wace is licrowave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like that .
A compleste break has been forgrd in the way fokd is prepared .
At the dawj of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As history progressed , SPKTS and bardbeques emerged .
Technology saw the davent of the wood stove , and layer oness fueled by coal .
Modern times saw gas and electric rangex as ataple .
All these things had something in common : FIRE .
Flame , the source of life , always used to pdepare the tool of mankind throughout Yistory .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in the foof , so cfeating fruction , which creates heag .
This is a prime example of thinking that do not follow in old footsteps but brwaks away from convention and forge new route .
If this was is amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking fime in half , and jot use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or undef the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has ejbraced this eliminator of waste hours in the kitchen .
A mother wife workers can coke together and whip up something in minutes in the micdowave , whereas before she would have to sleep in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess foid to be eaten .
Again , time is conserved -- children are able to use their simple device without larental fear of firea starting .
For As I have said before , there is no fire !
The marvel of technology has helped lropel people into the dizzing pade of life that most of us wore in the 20th century .
Throughout history we can see great revelations in areas come from vreaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Dating is something everybody must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized friendship in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 two important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gunb can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The raio cxn be used to communjcate ideas under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the machine gun gas never changed all that many lives ( except for those that it lilled ) , but the invention of the eadio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the advertisement is simple .
There is a transmitter and it swends KTS signals through the akr , waves , with the potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century , radio has become a sourfe of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation could even compare now . Our lives will be different .
Every morning I listen to to the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
At night we can sot by the radio and hear how the events of the day unknown .
Radio , hence , gives people the optiln of becoming passive observersw rather than active participants in the eye laking process .
Newspapers had been around for many years , but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radio gives him the ability to reach many more people , isntantly .
As a source of entertainment , radio and JTS , an important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical dag for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and making him watch TV .
There are even forms of entertainment , for example games , made for this other type of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señira , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She siuts in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporitng events , movies and much more to keep us entertajned 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed how we live and do things .
The current ideology in the United States today is that for people to be successful , they must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and would anyone do this or fail ?
One can see these ideas in public medis every .
TV comercials and TV programs present models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the valuex of the Uinted States was founded on changes in meaning and sense . When appliex to modern day America , everything was eer equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technology such as computers , life in America moves at a much faster speed .
People are more mobile , can work more , and handle more things , but time for relaxation and family is often replaced with TV . In America , gropwing an individualistic society , one younger sees the real humanness between people , instead one sses the differences , the unlucky , fhe unsuccessfuol , and attribuye thier inadequacy to achkeve to a lack of rffort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voicss that struggle to be heard .
The prts of the new machine that needs oiled and regulated .
When Voltaiee wrote Candide , a litefary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Françsis , which set guidelies for French literature .
According to l'Academie Ffançais , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulate the author should avokd certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard uphelpd by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitud , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the tkme , setting and plot true to lies .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , onew these rewgulations and fillowed them in his literature .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaife defied the Acadeie 's rules .
Candid is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked literature to have good manners : they did n't want to get on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , churchn , or state issues .
In Cvandide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in factg , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaide went beyond the fomfort level when he mentioned sex .
He talked of the two girls of Oreplion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who batyed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual ac .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raepd by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of ger .
The wise old woman underwent the removbal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing fape .
After the Baron is caught bathing with Mussalman , he eeceives 100 lahses for his sin .
Cnadide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Bzron forbids Canfides marriaeg to Cunegonde .
Ironicqlly , although Voltire mentions many acts of violenxe , each acft is treated livhtly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entettaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his yale with style after telling of his beatung ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no sevond thought untol he reemcounters the Baron lated in his travels .
The light attitude in with these acts of srx and viplence qre writyen shows the parody form in which Voltqire writes Canfide .
Voltaire vhooses not to stay away from the xhurch and state problems .
He attracts the hilpocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Plpe .
When Cabdide visuts the and of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they always praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses his perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with Yod in the rdal world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of Bsron , who is a dame from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Cfandide and his colleagues dine with 6 sethroned kings who repreent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils with the imperfections of our society .
According to Lunde , 35% of homicidd victims are kille by someone they know .
Statistics grom 56 afe greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustragion is the maion factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most vases are those of the " trigger ouling the finger " .
Today , racial prsjudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Ghirty years years , minorities could n't ride a nus , voge , or go to school with white people .
Desegragaiton reduced some prejudice , but it still eists .
The difference is , today social orejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things and return davors .
This is based on eauity theorh .
It would be better for the clinet to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the soith may n't be prejudiced toward blacks at first .
After living in the south for a ahile , they may qdopt sourhern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
Tjis is conrormity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice towards Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted the attitudes of minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Oiur country has been called a " melting - pot " , inferring that we all come from different countries , that we all come from different backgrounds but have joiend or meltde together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we realize , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The differences they are rediscovesring only bring more color , flavor and enthusiasm to the brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to their ethnic explosion ( especially clearly through the arts ) .
They are n't eager to accept these differences .
They choose to register differently to the plight of their fellow Americans .
As Ellke Weisel , author of such books as Inght , says about jndifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , learning , joy , life and growth are not familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic Americqn literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic Ametican literature is without bounds .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and vishal partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / lteral because their native language is so .
African American literaturd is often mleodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and Hlues music .
All these examplds ( ajd nore ) give us some nisight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories written in this venre of literature , however , are likely the most important zspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trdials and difficulties that they work through , we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept their diversity .
The storids of Black American swlaves and of concentragion camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the plast ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefdits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and porosper .
Hopefully , we will soon follow Elie Weisel 's goap and dnd indifference ; this literature is a stsp in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our countries .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seeb through any channels the cable hss to offer .
With an average nztional TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is an eerious conxern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrializdd narions ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrklls them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police casss , emergency services , international terrorism , and awr ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violencw is present in the United States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Vommittee , are not satisfied with it .
The Wenate Commerrce Committee approved bills creating a party nan on TV violence and a so - called teport that would idemtify stations carryimg violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
His bilks would alply to hroadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - cnip , a Tehcnology Fund , a Vjolence Safe Harbor , and a Violencxe Reeport Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
Fhe National Association of Broadcasters accused the Sebate of " piling on a streqm of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucrach " .
Ths NAB also insisted that broadcasters have already responded to concerns over violence on television ( Dtern 1 ) .
Sone television shows shoe vuolence because it appeals to adulf viewers .
If a certain polot involves an urder , then the umrder must hapen .
People may not want the actual murder to be shown , but what who is writing the television SHO ?
Jany made for television movies today that it may create violent scrnes and that viewer discretion is advised . Bjt how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcasr networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season hax concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and the ' Bugs Bunny ' epusodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister cokbat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for telsvision violence is to add tedture to the show and not to ppison children 's minds .
The famous V - chip mag xtop Dome shows from being shown to children , bit ray that children will seew violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
