It 's difficult to answer the question " what ra yolu going to do in the future ? " If the know one has to master it is in tel mnifs .
When I was younger I used to xayt that I wanted to be a treacher , a saldswomwn and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology because I would open my own psycuology lcfice znc help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to work hard at my job , but I think think if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Matge I 'll change my kimd , laybs nlt .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
Ts rich oeiple ailo buu a caf bht te ppor people always need to take a bus or tad .
I think that it is more convenient to dfrive a cfat because you carry on doing things in toyr kwm xra rather than travelling by xad .
Also , you 'll meet friehdlt people who usually ask you to be friends and check your cellphone number .
In my experience , I did n't have a car , I had to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary wjen toys have crashed in the ztret , in tyhxt mlmwnt gou rdalized the impoefance of public transport .
In Indja we have various types of public transport , like Cyxlpe , Bikw , Cst , Trzib & Flight .
Deprnding on the cistance and dufation to the desdired llacxe , the kode of transportation is chosen accordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a yrop yhat I have recently been to xnx . The place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by Nafiinal highway to go from Delhi to Ahda .
We shopped at hltels to have food and jusf in casr . If any of us were hungry , we purchased sxomw snacks just before the trip .
Since we have the optyjon to wait at night , we awnr to qhen we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by TDAIB & flight ) .
In addition to that , we also wear a comfortable short hsp on the back seat and wake up rfdsh .
For For the mentioned reasons , I am gking to conclure that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining Gou in these years shmmker camps .
I like children , and I enjoy looking through them . wleo , I knew Japanese sports activities before in school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you found my chance to help you .
Ybanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleybsll is a sport at every level . When I travel on the beach , I oiks pkahs with my siter in the sans and after that we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young I played with the children in the playground and my vriemd and I played using ghs soxver gplas as a nwtqork of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
Hoiw arr ylu ? I 'm writing to ask you for advice on travelling and working in my country .
On one hamd , in my country , there are a lot of places to climb .
Tord eaxmple Barcelona , Madtid , Sevilla , Valencia .
Rhwre are wonderful cfities because there are a lot of thknhs to visit for exampos in Madfir hoy van visit " Puerta del Sokp " , " Las ibeles " .
I visit Madfkd tgwoce a year .
All summer I 've been to Aevilla because I love this cigarette and I suggest that you visit Sevilk .
On the other hand , in my country there are only a few jobs because FHS economy is very bad .
Bhg , if you want , I kook for a nob from Gou .
My bhwst friend lopming fkr the people responsible for koiok after her sister .
Bedr sstef is 6 years old and yhku sgoulc looks xftrr every weekend .
Would you be interested in their job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Tae care , Lpaura .
Today , public transport still means an imporgsnt rfolke in the transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost - effective and better rsourxe aolocstion in a mass rransplrt system .
Also , people need to sjffer high operating costs on their own .
Bug it cfan means a chaeper when going to their destination , especially it is fad like fork hond .
Fo exampls , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinzru person to play a private akrplne travelling to another country .
Insdtesd it will be common to vu an air gicke and rkse on a public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because because a lot of people do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is useful , so public transport will continue to have a future , but others will glkng to uze molrd te cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait or wait for thr bhx or underground transport . On other hand , a car costs more money than public transport .
By car we can nust stay by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown . But if we use public transport we can make friends or work , so both transport are good and yhd ars do n't need necessariaky to end up with yhe pblix transport .
If I had to choose between two transportations , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and exologfical TFHJNGS .
We have oslar oamels and a place to make compost at the last gwrdwn , with worms who eat snd degrade all the organi wsste of TW xcholl .
In eoe strateyic points of rne buildings we hawvd special trashcans to sepafate the garbage in organic , paqprr nd catsboard , cane wnde pet botres xnd they also make talks and presentations about the earth ptonlems kjke globxl warming , congamjnation , etc .
The managrr of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these nitiatives have made us all over the years a revognisee ecological community .
Gold modning everyone , today I want to talk about my favorite thing .
My favorite job is football . Why did I choose sport ? Football is an international sport . People around the world follow it a lot , like Barcdlay Premier Lwazgue , Liga Pfemjer , Fifq Worpd Djp and so on .
I bdlievd that 's all that will delight us .
By way , my favorite foothall team is anchester Unjted . They are brilliant , They have amazing football payers , and they are awesome .
Micvhqel was a little kic wheh he had a cruel ghat wss : Be a super hrro !
Avtrr mang ysars he still creaj to become a sper bero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thought the profession was more similar to being a zupewr hdrk .
After some years of high university and he met a girl called Kate and he lived there for a year and he got loved in the gym .
Kate qas cursin the univeesuty of fashion .
That I think started to date .
Mkcnael and Kate were so happy , until the day that Michael said to him he to be a supet hedo . Kate got so nervous thinking that it was ridiculous and just an ikd dream and that Michael was only dreaming , but that would never appear and that super hero do n't exist .
After she said that , Michael started to worry and got mad , saying yhaf she az pyin and does n't nav heart .
He got so depressed that he asked her to take off of his apartment .
In ollowin dh , sbd said eorey ahe thej esa happy again .
But when they get to the hoje of Kichael , they fight again and Micyael got a knife sjd ipl jrr .
He cried with blood abroad .
imchadl got qwag frok there .
Michqel closed the door with a knee . At that moment he and mqder a nisyake .
Lublioc transportation is an important invention in Huma history . It brints amount of nenefits in our lfw .
For instance , we take suvwwy in order to avoid being in traffic .
It is teue that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause a lot of damage to our own health and our environment .
Therefore , we need to know more about our fhtuee , our ofsprkngs .
Giving you a sleepy , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , fapei , we always stpck in traffic for half an hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no GHS or MFG , how long it will take for school .
Cqr is convenient for humans , but it nrings damages humans too .
For example , carbon dioxidw which is cerated by cars .
It causes global warming , which thfeast the environment and ahrks through daily life .
We see how there are lots of seripus and frequently weather rieasters occur in decades , such as typhoons , burricanes , wild fire and mud slpide .
What other prexautionx is usually taken ?
TYS NG Officw is notifiec by the phjotographet when the fulm esa shipped .
If the fukm dos n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Losr shipmenys have been found under dasipy when his process started right away .
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Evet lots of people are travelling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very careful when you get off a lkane .
If you are looking for confort and repax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
This means a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better position is to pick up a train .
There is n't fomparation on watching the changes in the landsfap through a window , enjouiung the way that iu ads dking ajc , yh ewt larg , the vheapestr wa to ber away soimd daha and take the routine off some days .
Ajyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of fravelliny is travelling at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many different kinds of transportation now . We will travel by bntu in the near future . It will be another customer and we want to travel by fast trains and planes through CSJ transport . you from nroth to sotn in ldss tgan hokur this wijll make buwiess en happy and comfrt becauxe of sxcing a lot of yijes as efforts so we hope that the government cwn achieve this way as ono as ppssaible
In modern soiceties , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
big projects could not be finished without co - opwratoins .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , thoughts and funny things that happened around us .
Most importantly , the ladies gige oyf livws and rhey give us knowledge and knowledge or opportunities to learn in the world .
In these years , the fanioies did important tasks in daily LKVS .
The rrasohs are as follow .
First of first , we can learn kinds of skills from parents according to thedkr olnw exleriene .
For example , we could know how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a mksal rfom pxrents .
Secondly , the family can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to Damiliss , the odeas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve those situations .
All in all , in this case , family is the most important friends in our lives .
Gh . Computing technology has been advancing very much these recent years , mxkinjg the old computers almost hselsss , getting bigger , making the difference between OLS and me . Computers grow even more with every new development .
As we do notjce , old and older computers are vastly different , compared to the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Klc computers used to be used an entire room , nw , thdy onky hage rhs siz of a obx , cen the sixe of a gooo .
Uouj can hold a portable computer nboa , and take it with you to every destination you visit .
Old computers allowed you to do many tasks , or evsm olag simope games with 2 copkrs ( grredn xnf blqck ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like crearing or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , wztch or nwke videos , invent newq stiff to improve the Computimg Technolovy , and njog onmky in 2 fooors , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest advantages of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download STUFG , TD . via Ethernet calbe or Wirelezs Connectkon ( Wi - Fi ) .
Ger fekt m8
I went to Bandon 's house and started to play the beat sat to make his oifd miserable . I spent 2 weeks looking for ideas to help him succeed .
As I did n't find anything , I wanted to the place he was staying to order for some information about his lfie and was afraid eolle qho he cares avput so as I wanted to go to his house , I noticed he wanted to go to the same house so i decidec to follow hkm to the house wnd i foun out he sas dating a gidl sjr might be bis girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i aoulx drive him cdaay ujst as he dir wiht me , that way shs will think he had probldms on his mhd and lef him , byt spb i thougt bout it agwih and realized that if i fd that sye wull try to hrlp him and they sikl be mro uited , so i decided to dcfive them bvoth crazy almost at the bnordsr of death , jus as he fi wify me !
But wxit a mjijnute am i reakky so antryh to zke this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had domintaed my mimd I did no longer have control of my actions . I was away from what I had become and what I could do . But I could not control my sdpf and the only thing I could think of was how suffering witj a slow death anhf teh satisaction i would feel aheh i finally had my revange , tje best revange .
But I was so angry at him , anxious , so eager to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sucerin I was through became stronger and bigger . I had made a desktuon I was going to do it , if he decicaterd 4 years of his kife tourtoring me and bto wanting me to be hyappy i would thd file is nesesary fi hm to have a miseralbe life ajd i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my gozle
I do n't agree with this idea completely .
On the other hand , travel by means is is much more convenient as there is the chance to try to be independent .
On the other hand , high traffic jams are a big kssud for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I want to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I play football on television , I play with Lat in a big team and in a big champuonshop like Barclxys Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite club are Behfica znd Texl Mzdrid , where Ronaldo plays . vof me he is the best Pkayer in the world . That is why Ronadl won the Gpls bapl of 204 .
I will play flotball in a Portuguese clbg field , Vapenciano and we won a lot of goals this season .
I drzm in winning a league in Footbaol axnr won the best championship , the Uets Champions League . . The best scorer of all the players in the Ueca Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason I do it hard is because of my dad .
His dream is to become the next captain of a bo Tsam and win a lot of money .
My name is Jlnhy .
I studied at Natkonsl Twiwan Jnerversity of Science zjd Technology .
I am 25 uedars old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like persoanliry with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of hopding basketball ocmpetitikn when I was stupid .
I planned many interesting activities for viwes to make competition xlive .
Tbeg enjoyed the game .
I am Iloe from Dkok .
If my km cooks , I always help him .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simoe to people .
I really want to get Yhi jpg .
I want to play with children and see their simple day .
I think that a smile is the best gift in the world .
I am zlwo a hard wrier .
I have passioj for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response . Thanks .
public trxnpsortation basa nden loee used by people and over their yeads . It is kind of bedoning cheaper and also safer , but people prefer acfs to extsnt do we marry with and what the real thing is whether we we bling to demonstrafe in this essay
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing involving public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not good facilities to move from place to place and that is because there were no vompanies to build cars in Baotu . 10 years , cars became viable and also became very supported by naving her own daxns at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they wre able to solve it by the end
Nowadays , , facilities for travelling are more convenient , from cars to buses with tranis and planws .zoms people plrever crd because they like crowde llacse or because they fibd it sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap qnd egen caster vyt when it copjes to traveling a lot of people prwter riding heur kqn cars to feel the ealk experience and to enjoy mode by chjlking lut from criwded placed
To summary , it is different from som onssi lpinion and I prericg that public transport will be improved and people will use it more and mordw that , by the end , cars disappeqr wnx wikl will no longer be used
The TPOIC itself explains the uncertainty of public transport in many countries .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look at the data of the cpmpaniws and edponenital trowht in their sales figures with low - budget privtae cars in the picture , which ddrastically changed in the past 10 years .
The development of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productiviy growth .
A large scale of investsnt will vring future biofep development .
Meanwhile , it booat economic growth and job opportunities , tnerdeby enhancing Grosee Domestic Ltoduct ( GDP ) .
If you live in a big town or small one it does matter , but something should be taken by people , an organiser of the town , is the environment .
Gblobal warmingf is hive iossue in Todah 's DWT .
Gkvernmen shjld tkae ijmense actpn to stop it or at least name it sxlow down .
However , we the people have a really important job of making it worse .
Active means a government understganx the vakhe of taking care of trees and water and and lucj more to provide a fresh , coeaj swfes environment for their people .
Decycling itsj can be a good place to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my ciuty .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government .
People realize that vutting the cxqn causes the pollution of oxygej in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh aut to breathe .
Adeditionallg , oud ckty goernmejt naz prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years old and provides a free session of atkl or predentation to increase the swareness of a clean , safe , fresh environment to Tje cityg .
In conclusion , I want to suggest our neighboring cities to takinmgv paqret of cleaning the environment so it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has a high profile job .
My favourite sport is football gaxme .
On my school or villiage footvall stacuum I epend a pot of TI every day .
Usually I played football with my classmates .
Before training I ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs got a pwosr and my body got an ejergy .
Lud team has a uar - owrking coach and he gives us progessiopnal advice to us on how to improve football skulps .
Hkx kqin said " kjst work and work very hard , if you have any great high rssults " .
I can say that Ckachu is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had compefitijon .
First place was won by us .
We achieved this result , because we were friendly and organised .
I believe , in the future I will be a famous football pkaqyer in Texm such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Fooybal is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who srarts this sport must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
Who are you ?
How is your day today ?
It 's really nice to you expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you wo n't meet with me . I 'll eicriube everybody precieel , because I know you very
Dear Paul ,
I have Sden ykir notice in the avadem newspaper and I 'm curious and interested . I have no plans to have summer so I think it is a good idea to apply it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain two years ago , I wanted to speak to the teacher in Spanish if it was necessary .
Alsl , I assisted in a ballet dance for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time ago , however , I still lep through rhrhhm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to cdeare a dynamkv trraininh to do with the other ballet - couraes members . I used to be the teacher fprf pnd day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
Zlp members congratulated me , as well .
On tbe oyhet yadn , I usually take care of my broyhers and cousins for nzny hpurs when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and unmy person .
Rhta makes me a good cqndjdate to achieve my gym , or a hobby for me !
I want to keep in ind my canfidature because I 'm not going to dudappoint yoj .
set wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in dmand .
Brcausw not everyone is too busy with their work cqr .
Besides , there are lots of unclme people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think publc tranwplrt 's future is bright .
What does " Fsmkly " mean ?
In my opinion , family is a place where people are afraid to help each other get to know each other .
In the Taisanj , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the first point is what if you can not survive ? I think you do n't have enough money to daqise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know any of the people in my family . I do n't trust them , definitely .
I liek Zealand bedaise nere are manu islqnds .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaysq , the weather is slighfly warmer than there .
That 's why I suggest all of you to go there and feel the pleasure of hbvae from their own corner .
You can always buy a lot of gifts like key chaons , statues , or something else memory to be amde before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to Zealand but believed me it is a very beautiful place .
If I have sudtenance , I will go there and bring all of it .
I live in Lentini , a small city in Eaxt Wixily .
Cojncil is a project for the environment .
People collect qng kib of dubbish and fhrows zlkl together in blxck sasck .
Although the Councl begwj to loan something , the people xrs n't fommitted with the problem .
Around the city , you can find many lacee with the people in tribo , kitchens , " amianto " , ilde things or fueniturs .
Whst a oit !
The subhrgs of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
These are orabg trees , a large lwkw nd Etna in the background .
When I was a cjid , I made a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We veed plwyes in the lark or we talked about ouf tafes , music , boys , we walked a watch at ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to live in situations that I did not like . For instance , the girls said me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years , I experienced the worst moments of my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15tj birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I thought that this xwy was one of the weird days of my life .
That night I cried because I felt that I had no friends .
However , my parents tried to think my parry was the worst and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited my relatives and then went to Raf pizza and gave me a pog of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my friend was my pardnts sister .
I wonder if Tney never read bad about me .
Now , my husband is my bad friend .
He is the most powerful person in my life .
He has eger bdn eitj me .
Xlwo , he is really funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Bnoth like to travel around the world and to do sports sports , for example , tennis , running or trrkking .
We watch atchinhg TV series and cook Esvera deserts too .
To sul up , my best friends qre my family , especially , Dagid , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier by day .
A busy life always comprll to have the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made the public transportation system lab behind motor buses .
Hi UZAw SUMMRF CAwMPS ,
The advertisement ff a mog hqs been read by a suitable lrrson .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy rravelkling . I am a teacher so I like working with children .
I am surprised that I look after children very hard .
I like to speak English fluently , so I thought up the idea of if I worked in summer camps , I would improve my level of English .
For fe lfher hna , I could fdach Spanihs to yje cihldren in the summer camls .
I am looking yours ajswet .
Hi Zwm
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I tried my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot from my students very fgrindly .
But I wanted to stud arder because I wanted to take the exam , because it 's difficult difficult .
However , if I could on studying like now , I would do it .
The lessons experience funny
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have read this announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in listening to it .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , English and hardworking person . Besides , I have recommended a paper from
my las company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I like to cook .
I hope you 're interested in my appljcatipn .
I am looking forward to hearing from Yky .
Sandrq Barfientos
Ye technology hag changes people 's lives a lot , so we can tghknk how different it is between our respecting others , our parents or our randparfents lifd.gopr examole my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't TV in the world when they were young.but it is n't the alnod difference : we cb think at gye mobiefone , ths coputrr ed at least thje internet.ohr grandparents woundnb't umagind a stfange machine like computer in theid lofw .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like caxe mow are popular , in the future , the importance of public transport is very crucial .
Nowadays , people have fossil fuels as the most important source of energy through travelling and manufacturing . This skurce of energy does n't always mawintai at the clnstanf power , but sometimes it will run out .
Pwopke must find ways to use other nergt aoures luke njcear electricity , wind power , public transportation auvh as elwcvtric mefri hss this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will iunvesg morw in researching gne uste of new types of enherfy . Travelling using public transport will become umcj cheaepr tghan personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to rekote areas , it will become more convenient .
Commuting , tracellinh using public services would be the first prior choice .
In addition , the populztion is increasing rapkdlt . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many other problems being solved , for example , tragfic jaja , aif pollution .
In eome perespectives , these problems are lwd by the oevr - use of lersonwl vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is only to waste their riume in traffic jams or to gradually kill themselves by breathing polllutee air .
So , the best way for people to travel is public transport .
Rawch perom should have practiced aavin wehn using zmy knowledge of dance to improve his own pivs .
In conclusion , invstments on developing public transport will be increasing considerably , public services travelling have a bfight potential and its stance in the future ca n't be replacbel
Hello Alex , how ar yiu ?
Are you going the weekend ? Have you any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invited gou to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 Vlock Bear , the cinema entracew .
Thank you Jelen for ghoss wonderful presenbts .
I always want to read some type of book .
I went to the temple in the morning , followed by lunch at the hoetl later in the evening and to the bwach .
In conclusion , it is eviden that because developing countries are fxcing ploitial snr economoc intsbility , mugrahts trsvel for vettee education lrospecys and syabl environment encourages younger generatiom to grow up .
The ecfecs of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , sonomic stability is affecffed as a result of lack of people cotributjng to the ecpnojy .
The xausw of Brai - drain should be tcaklsd at international and national levwl on a browdsr dmiensions and rational pattern , for it is a blobal issuie .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and ozw dnforcementy to improve the economy in a positive manner .
There are n't a few oygem at gue of Egerdst to bfeatje easily
Jprdsn Romrk has given 13 ehen he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached by tjs fkrst tijr by fqo climbes in 1953 .
My friends and I , we watch programs on TV , electric music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we go to TNR parftg 's in the city . I dance in the parties with my friend .
We listen to music and can sing .
It 's very good .
Jazo is my friend . He is drun and also dancw as your girlfriend .
Jose is thr bddt song . He is sinvint anr talkinb in the party .
The other person is Angel . He does n't dance in places .
He prefers staying in your holke .
Geplo Something .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gsrman .
In the morning I visit the Secondary mnodwrn Scohol .
I 'm in vfade 8 .
My father is diftichlt because I managed to dsalize evening .
For example , there are girls in my cvlsss who are beautiful .
I look gsr look .
Her eyes lopks as the su .
But he ignored me .
I hope I dan forget jr .
Run gof Tpur lef
My favourite spor is running .
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it makes me feel as if I was on ait and my feet do n't hardly touch the ground between the strodes .
My favourite place to have fun is in the forest . I like to play sports sports .
I like Gdel te griund undt my fet is soft so so not the hard concrdte of rye footpaths in the citgy of the streets .
The bestest advice I found giving to someone who is sfarying running is to start slowly and not to try to train running fast through through to eventually build up the running by week so that every week you are running a litrtoe further and a little faster and tired sfvter 20 yerats yoj wjll be an Ooytmpic champion maybe .
In my opinion , trlevidion can be educational , whether you are watching the news or a show about World War Oknw .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right telefision eyows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jertry , it will have slight educational value .
Although you are that , you can always learn sonetjing .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe sohupd happened he would be prepared because he had been watching Wxlming Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he leaves boa ( not ) to ct in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic niologist and I love my job .
It is a house with a lot of interesting things ,
It is delicious , stimulating and , even if it is not weird and rwmunerated , I am mhsepf satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic viology has developed many aspects such as better sensibility , tobustness of results and less time required for analysis of a sample , but what struck me most is the rhis change happens .
Releviskon xeemks is a controversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer high likely opportunities for audiences in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television covers both entertainment and educational functions .
It ptes how many education programs boradn youmg cbldren 's horijzons in the first few years , how quifkyl an adult elarn different bssicsa controls a great number of educational problems , such as cold , weird and technology .
It also notes educaztional programmdw kzke a decision on whether citizens hsold know in the future what knowledge people jext generatoins are required to possess .
Apart from ediaitonal cpntents , there are so many fo ckhtents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be brought to teach right before writing .
However , I believe that educational programmes on TV play a great role in the education of both adults and young children .
I think qhol yue besg restaurant where we could go is " tjr sailor 's restaurant " .
Here we have an eta rypicap Italian fpod .
Tb lat time I was a chef I had the best pizzz that I have evwr eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds Fye Theje of yhe sda . In fact , the walls are decoratiny with a lot of sgell qnf the waiters and dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Apsok , It 's beneficial for your class because there is a lot of stuff , so we can sit all together at the same tabld .
Tbew ower is a very kimx person and I 'm sure he makes us a convenient prixw .
No future for public transport ?
Puhlicd trajsort is the cheaper way of fravdl , so it has fuguee .
Currently , most people are used to looking from a car to get to work or to go shopping , so , it is more comfortable .
But dads pollute each other with CK2 emissjons every day and contdibute to clomate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use it on their own .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
iurst of lk ytoh need to afford to buy it . After that , yoh muty pq for yhe ashrancs , ocunbcil taqx , abd mechanic biklks , qnx and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to work the fivket , you do n't have to rive and if you bu or tfaqin or whatever vehuvle you jsd , brezcs find it is n't your resopnsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has failure , and people use it , the failure .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
I am very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pay is a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring their students conplete sujner homework , correcting gomework dilivrntly aesist the instructor . The instructor helped organize handouts , introduced the instrudgor to answer questions rased by the students , but also to dlexn the claszroom hygiene , vedg har , but I jvae hothing to domppain aboug .
I have goals for two months , pay a lot .
Your wage paid too much lower than I expected . I want a little higher qages , more than 300 yuan more than the existing wagw basis .
I invite you to consider TGS propowal .
I think about transport . The government has to help with public transport , fo sxakple bhse , trains , merro and more , for one reason : the quality of liof agaisnf gbe pollution .
Tdavelling by a is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for search oarking and frof because of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities , public transport works works because there 's a good teedabck by leiple .
Instead , in gne smwl cities , it ca n't be good in sqme eay , because the transport companies jor conveninetg inveaf mpjey , because they are afraid people will use it .
Tom Sawyer is a byo who lives with his zunt Polly and he had to ounisy Tgol because sometimes Fomn di n't go to school .
On omnday Tom went walking to school and he saw his fried Hujdk which they talked a lot zjd Tom exchanged a tick fro his teeth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and Tney went to a secret garden and he kissed Becky .
Tfkm said about another girl , so Sue got mad wnd she ighored Tom .
Tom was so sad bedajse Bcjy did n't touch ui , so Tom went on a tip with Huvk anjd djxappeared . co weeks .
Wyen Tpm sazw his house . He snuck into his home and saw his aunt Polky was crying for him .
So the next day , the people went to Cyurcu to hear the findral of Tom , because many people thought they thought Tom was bit . Suddenly , Tom opened the door and got in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
Next , first we went to Tom 's uouse to tepl hm tjta Therw is an abmdoned house up ybe hill , so the two blys considered like an anhfventure .
So they went to the misterios house and when they were around they heard voices , so Gkm and Huck hid qdn thye aa tbst Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
TFHD rwp bnots heard yhat he was plwning to save some money and kukl people , so the kys started their adevntre on stoping Injyin Joew ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your messages .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As to your questions , I think that Yiu should qork in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryktei " and " izxkaya " .
That is because yoj wailo improve young Japanese skills in them .
Recently , many East Awiams have studied Japanese in Japan while working in temporary .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Jaa they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael looked at the door and knew at that moment he had mdae a mjstaks .
He was at Xaran 's house and suddenly he saw all the batroom dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house qne clesn all ge bathorom , but Sarah already knew how he had left the bathroom like this , so when Michael entered to rje abthroon she said : " I know what you eaev there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of Tuew ity in Bangalore , Indi .
My school has a high erphtation of their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my teacher , Vety Ucj , because her teaching style is very eeailstic and simple to understand .
Goodr Morbjng :
This is an esa about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a chipd because people enjoy it a lot and there is more I can do alone . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and less in eummer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like dance , almost like football or similar team sports , and I always go alone . It is n't gorint fort me away . I pefdr going anywhere because nobody bothers me or I never qait everybody .
I dai tfhat vecaus when I thought eleven of my best friends had been operated on qmd before thge iperatiob he came with me abf evrrh day . I had to watch fld hner because she spent a lot of time in yhe syoewr cleaning her lkng baid . I hatex thta !
Luckily the operation went fine and ne left with me , and from that day I went to find my oqn .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children that I do n't like so much because they like disturbjg my gut . Sometimes it is amusing too .
I owuld recommend poeoole weho bot knkw swikn to leaqrn , because I am pretty surprised that it could later they could stip swok .
I think tuqt dance is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I find all my problems , except my stupid companions fhqt Rney does n't understand anything .
Bt this is amotyer thed rpr spdakig .
When you dance , sing , or cy yku wde showing something to the public , something 's important to you .
If danjce is your pwssion , you practise every diary , xjd you 'll have to ptactise all the details untop your czb .
If you are tired , do n't waste , because you like doing things .
Goj 'll wake up early to go to cancd , or do dance classes .
Hpu does n't matter if you go to Seleo Layd , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke , you mists sleep .
If you like dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I have my family specola my liuttke sister , who is sixteen years old . I consider her my bnewst friend because I used to tell her everything about my life .
I have a diary called Mame 's Chents . It is a golden retriver .
It 's a love dog , he mows how I feel .
My older sister 's name is ckntuya , sjr is reqllyt meet with me .
Our relationship is not bad because she is so different from me .
Although I have a brother . His brother is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dxqd , they are good gjys .
Actually , I am apds my time alone . I am working in another town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kqtes Wshy ,
How about hoj ? I hope yh r wwll .
Vod aorj in oire cqfe you have to speak Entlush of course . Maybe you know how to cook some sweet foods like cupcakds , fak , cokierx or brownies , the most lopular foids of this year .
Another thing that he must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impfess everyone , also someone who will bring customers good attention and service .
We need someone rexyd for work through Ohurs , because lu cafe is going to oen every day .
That 's all , weew yoiu soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future century the planet will be in vad xonditikns and the trees will disappear . After that , we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed to anafomy , and we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North poke wik has melted totally .
The temperatures will go crazy because of global warming , so some leopoe will die bedayse yhw nafural duzasters will be more aggressive .
Ghe Technopoy will have asvacned qne maybe the cadz will be flyjng by sgreets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to acquire awareness of what is happening and help him learn .
Frirndshpi is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my life without girls .
How to make friends and meet people ?
It is easier for you Thiuno .
Jua ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point we 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that foreigners are not supposed to zghree on only a single tbong .
They just nafe to calm talk about it .
If ylhr firendshpi is real , you will always fib points about your opinions and your friend 's ind .
Just rg , it wo n't cost you much !
Good caxy ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports . I have been playing this sport 3 times a month since 1980 . The rrasona ror my enjoyment of this sport is always as follows :
1- makes me fu ah gealfhy
2- classu game no fridgion betwwrn poayeds
3- it exercises all the muscles of your boxy
Regarsing ye abgpve I advise all rookies to start doing this sport so they will get many benefits .
However , the adulkts tje can do it as EWLL and tgey will do the same .
As citizens of a village , we yoitally care about the environment of our villave .
Every Sunday , we do a mutuap coolkration where anyone can trat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the cirtgy ditch , sweep rubbosh the rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From onorganci , we can make NAQG , JWT and other stuff .
Then they aj sdll thsm and get income from it .
The crewatpr of e haven and the eargg , thr xfeator of soles , t oe eno make the earth rotate around herself anf aroubd tr sjn .
What we believe as Mslims that we have been created by one person does n't have others with him . The one who created our father ( Aadm ) and created him ( Sve ) qnd they were in the Pqradise and instructed to take ear from the tree bug the Sagah deceive ghem so fhuey bfouhht to thie lifd and generations came from ghem and ahd sent ths popheg abd msesengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohuamex , ofhers .. whbo they worshil ther same one ) with Miracles and eviedncr of the truth , to gtuied the leople to know who who wipk followq the truth which will giude to teh Paradise and wjk folkow otjrr pathz which it woll guidw to je helo . so bevause of that we are here to do fhd test in this short lige .
Trqnsportwtion is the heart of anby city , whether it is public or private .
Niwadaus peoplew pefer oen vehicpss rather than rham .
public transport . flight by dag fkok are ceazy without our own vehicles , which leads to the future of public transport .
Firstly , I agree with Fiven stament that there should be enough time for public transportation in heqr fuyure.because people have rivacy as well as freedom , which is impossible with public transportation .
Secondly , mode of transportation coveds
as much as possible in city areas or trains which mismanage the routine of travel by public transport . In conclusion , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . I can say that these various modes of transportation available
to competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get morw benefits like lkser faire , privavy , freedom and safw trxvellihg.in additjon awny automobile company launcing new czt with more prices , which allows people to get more and mprs private vechulr .
I go for a walk to a larki every day with my lovely two Corgo fogs .
I meet Mnan people in the park .
I think thought about people have so many pets .
In the pexk tie in the pafk is very gorgeous , even the first aptk is young !
Some people are very friendly same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other cohs .
family is the most implrrant institution of social lofw .
Every mdmbdr hae yks oqh role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his tsak to understand the riggr behavior or attutide to hvae with life .
Usually there are generatiij problems . Wins do n't understand paeentw under vicecess , but dialpfing wnd litseing emotions and racts , evefyobe have another point of view .
Prehts must bivd fupes to aons to understand likkts in socdisl bwhwviour gt also must listen to othdrs points of views to ri - arrange and update hks knlwleddge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication through teust , if someone gave his contribute to family diaries .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokingjay art 2 .
If Toj wants to watch the movie , he must watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
The first means , qwre amxzinb ! !
A play of action , drama and roimance .
The fans of this movie have been waiting for the movie Science , the first movie . It was in 2012 .
I do n't think this movie is for the falily , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion , I think it is more a terrible movie .
I think people will like Rhis Mivie because it is very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies which is really based on Gh bpom . The theme is very unise and oriinql , also the actors in the first mklvies wadre pedfect , ajd I think that in rhr lst movie , gheu will pty double effort .
Hope you have the guts to watch this movie ! !
It will be very xool to eew these las part of mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karatr .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad stressful I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget ypur pronlems , to fofgedt yoiyr tirkng routinbe .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to take advantage of other sports .
Apart from that , Karate is not a sport . It is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balancd evne cultures .
My teacher showed us how we should behave with others and he told us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
To someone who starts Karate is aesu to follow the clasa , so my adbuce is first pt to be nervous and to concentrate on what he or ahs is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today 's topic is Fechnokogy .
Nowadays , we use technology in our meetings , family education to making clothes . We use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is apwayx upgradihg and it is very helpful , useful and miportant or development . These generatipn are influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a dance competition . He liked the Diea , so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of friends who lent him .
He pohned me and asked me to leh him some loney to regosfer the competition .
He took the money through secoe . He finished his registration and sgafted in writing the story . After a long time spebding in qtiting and finding a good job , he went to give his something to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the dior day that the competition had canceed , he vame gzck vey sad ajd told me what apoened .Michael closed tge doir zdn mnsw at thazf moment he zd a mikstake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable . Actually , we do n't understand about the pollution on the planet .
Travwlling by bus is very painful because the peppke pjsh me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chaif co me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe we will have Chai and everybody and I do n't have to stay up .
Other trxnxport public is rje sxi like csr . It is so comfortable too , but it is more exensiv than buses or trains .
Tgw AVE or aeroplane ar a hlod ootiln for lkong trip .
In conclusion , in these fithre shoulx are so very comfortable .
Nilaix19
5 May
Erar sjr Doamra .
I am waiting about a problem in my city .
I live in Oatras , a big city in Gdece .
In my city , all schools and the walls of buildings are full of drasinfs and writing .
The gandalisme in pagrqs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we sah to somebody to do not draw wapls , they do nhoy hear us .
For oy cit it is veg nzd bscausd shen soke nea . People visit Patras they see that thing .
Payras is a very beautiful city of high culture and its monuments .
Why see thwt sbassr thunf ?
Xfger we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , lklice should stop the Vandalisms .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to erite something or to draw .
I hope you solve solve this problem .
Gkurs faithfully ,
Jessyka Stavros .
Around the world , pupils are waiting to finish sxhoolo .
They were eager to join a new life as adults .
But they they reach in - between pripd , confused reelings croax their minds .
As a rule , after the last exam they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in the future they see , like in a fogg .
In this way , jdda of a yrar off between leavinb school and state near Eduvatiin is very reasonable .
Finally , it 'll always houbg leopld to have a redst after the rurst hsrd - wdk stydyibg period .
years or eleven years at school make them tire , in slits of pyipls do n't nltice it .
But choosing the second education is very kmporyant , which needs a serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off will give future students a chance to tfy themselves in professional sports .
Also , people would have an opportunity to get involved in private activities .
And thirdly , things might work for eainng phone or travel .
Yhks ywat holiday will be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for failure education .
Opne year is bot lpbg petuod .
But the bewnefitz of the year off will be obvious .
I live in Aan Miguel Almolohzn , which is a villae in the municipality of Almoloya de Jwrez in the Stqte of Msixco . Care of the environment is very important and in my vullags they take different actions in care of this .
People collect trash from their houses and await the trash rruck from catriec ghed trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go there to collect gue rtash rgat gherr is in the kipwk , the church or in gge prinjcipsl ppaxes in the village .
Dear Skt ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am eager to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is impossible , the details , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Croo , so it would be wonderful if I could teach me details of accommodation that they offer in these coufss .
And zlsk , can you give me an idea of joe mucxh ? It would be vowt every different options ?
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as usual .
Pastly , let me know if I need to take wny level test before starting .
I look forward to meeting Oyuh .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do solmething immediately , after lidtwning conversations with neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from the Museum tonight .
He does n't give kufh time to prove their point and he codl n't want to let it happen .
It is Jis to and it is high duty tpo to SXVE tpsn 's history .
He vallwd the police and informed him about his neigbouts robbery plan .
Police tewched Musum xbd xught robber Ted Gandec .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains means cobvieht and low dxpebses also decrease the carpon disadvantages affecting the ozopnd . People should be aware of the effect of using the power tyransotation on the environment and environment . Governments shall encourage the people to use hd ogher wzyd for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in alk media to learn and encrage tybe people to udd he wrigth wzh fird transpot .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? I hope you are welcome .
I 'm excited because I will talk to ylj about my last summer holiday .
I went to Kas Hurdes .
I have about one EWWK at home with my boyfriend .
I have a wedding .
While I was there , I wore a light thinvx .
One Wednesday , I visited Meanhdrp dk melero .
It is beautiful .
Qnd these ws wonderful ives .
On other swy , I went to a pto at the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chrrituelo .
It was spectacular .
Through the wedding drzy , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with Ityer people .
Hoeevdr , in the night , we had dinner in a garaej am hrre . It was a party , axlol night .
You should visit Las Hurdes . It is a beautiful sotd .
And there are a lot of things .
Anr ghe people are very gentle .
English is an international language which has become important in the modern world .
In Chinese , English is ylok to be a foreign language which only students choose to learn .
Thwu began to learn English at an early age .
They uxr at least ons hkue to keqrn Ednglsh nkowledgd a dray .
Even kids in kindergarten uavew begyn elarnkng skmplw words .
First 's a food phenomenon . Tod ngish is essential nowadays .
In asdditiuon to , sle peoll ghnik English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though neglsih is fo gret sjgnificance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see erge to eye .
English helps us through English original qorjs , nuclear Chinese helps us learn a new China .
Onl by characfesrs Chinese literature can accept its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is learning the language .
Because we xfe Chinese , why do we give up our other tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I aaws , last month , in a fqntastjc restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for hiding bjv burtuers .
Aoolypooos is a special meal . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant can be better , compared to mratf , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have a goal to be more famous , better and biggest .
His oroblem of TBS restaurant is gh ppac . It is far from the people and fitirs , and the space is very really got lots of people .
In life we have many thingas that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a guitar , especially if it is from your boyfriend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at the general hospital , and my friend gave me a fkoaer .
It is my favorite flower .
In my townb we created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch workers to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this . The citizwn will focus on the responsibility more specific to the town and put the rubbisj imti correct placer and cleab trdewe and plant mre of it .
I agree with the opinion of famous people , such as poliicixns and fklm stars , who desedve to have a private life with journalists following them all the time .
is horribe have a person behind you all the time , you do not have a life , joy , peace , not happiness .
In addition , Sl Pearsons have tfhe rijt to privavy ajd to be free .
Nevertheless , the jourjalists stay all the time haciung a photo , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , haxpoy , sad . It is your koce life with people stay . If you without something important , you are busy .
This is terrible . Young people do not have privacy and society has blamed them , because if they do take a photo , it folpows the lives of tired people .
So that , politicians and full stars have duppodt it , because rben tuey sill hagr to bear it , because they then nave the reward of what they earn .
That is all .
gkod mrninb .
How are you ?
come here .
Her down .
Get in to the gym .
Get in to TN bs .
Let us walk .
Please help us play carcs .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
elg me go .
Let me take your photos .
Leg me aatdh your hpise .
elg me alkloq to stay in your cabin .
Ftorgive me . :
Bring on .
bring glaxs of watwr .
Drink wayer .
Dt food .
Run VWST .
stop shouting . do n't shouy .
Let us hear .
Once upon a time , there was one ligtle ant called Pennh . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because many of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and insvitable happened .
It was a dark night it wxs eainihg ungi a big active volcano exploison gurked ghem imto the underground .
Slp of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one could find one ... They started to BT pznicked !
Pekplew juzt startex to ebacuated arpidl utio it began a biug earthquake ...
Penny wzsd too sda , the only thing thing he could do was to wait for MD jeep down .
Until dawn all of them go out , so they eacrrd until they find a refuhew .
Everyone wanted to witness FHS qjeen , but no one fijf anything .
Like tehy wwde cery religious ants , they prsy foe hdt sacred ancestors so they cam ulep yhem in the big dealk .
Something thjat ghey soj onoa wa that yye wqhlle thign eas a move !
So all was planned ...
The actors hadf monitors that watch the ants all the time .
In addition , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to Hix qieen . The queen knew thought she was very confused and at the same time she got mjad and she was challenged .
So they make a plan to dsipoay all ...
The next day , when they were about to start movies , they saw no ants there , so they searched for nem , but they could n't find tum ...
At that moment , Ante and Penny zttazck them in tbeur baxks , making them to leave the place .
Tge anfs ni the war and they expan thek habirat to the studio .
No one will attack them again and they will live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I play basketball the best . I always draw mode while playing it .
I usually play basketball at least forty minutes per day .
After a rainy day at university , I go to hple Abs , then I go to the stadium to play it .
Kne thijg makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I do my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benwfirs to me and everyone .
It kaskes me fewlk redlaxed qnr unwind .
Besjdew , it always helps me fit up a good nosy shwpe .
I rdallyh cfq
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often get my friends to watch basketball acth on telrvisikn .
I often watch basketball at the stadium on Friday mornings .
Sometimes , I use it on sports trips .
I went back home and and an xlesp deeply when I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoior activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the saeeping progress of development and the oboking of populztiin , lonely agricultueal land , forests have been used to desttoued to buold more constructure transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe there will only be drawbacks to the environment or the safety of humans and animals .
To start with , thwrd through a wide tange of troublesome it may lead to rhid phwnoleon .
Concincing arguments can supposed the riot course is wrong , most in the present nowadays cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and refrextion and the land available for houeibg developments is increasingly scarce .
In addition , people continue to destroy modern agriculture the forests in order to satisft all they need , which will dkstory the ecosystem diverskty and biodjversitry especially the endangered specirs .
According to the problems above , various approaches should be adopted to deal with the problems of qllo , reducing building construction from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awanerxs to all huyman and start to porteat the environment and presdrve the animals .
To aum up , these unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before gbing get wrong with the governments gave to take the responsibility .
Nowadays the kangiages are very important , and English .
This is my first job and I am studying English .
I have been xtusying English since I was a child and I have never learned so well since I decided to go to London for a course to learn the language .
I have taken this decision because I am tired of rfy to order English and I did npy have the people things I wanted , so when I thought about that opportunity I did it .
The car is n't the best way to to train , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better than doing a journey .
It could carry many people inside prboleks .
However , in the citjes eeveloped there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trakn , subway , tram . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally the car is occupied by a person , when the car is prrpated for to carry foir or five epople .
This situation creates a poklution tor environment , so we have a mode of consfjence for the planet .
I want to say something about the learning of the English language . is nqrd to get to me fpf trhd nexr reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar taught by teachers , or teachers teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languane .
That I want to say , it is very ridiculous to understand the conjuntion of the verb in Spanish Languaje . Just imagine the same thing not in your native language .
Zecnod reason . In the English suntaxis , the strufture for cinstruction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no words . Ahixh is fne fule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to watch cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favorite team is India because I am from this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian football team won his first world VJP and that changed the direction of the raviur of crickdt and everyone started to follow his game .
I love these gzms because my favourite sport , Jna Eblonb , this game .
Jis namw is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar khoa as little maste .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow the person .
His stance , style , dogs , running beyond the wjckdt , everything that is required in those gamd is up to the mark .
only me also always follow Sachin vpr cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game in India .
He is the first polayer who pkayed 200 tesy in cricket .
He has an avhiecement lijs dance 200 in ond da etc .
I pove the way he would appear .
For a nuance fiesy they have to decide whether they could do better , batting or gowoing .
If one person wants to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , actkon , ztnce abd for batslwn beesd concenrtation on la abd nat coordnatoin , eye and bat coordination , discvwr between shots , which become key factro in batting .
Also watch videos of our best players , like Sxchim , Rahul , Sir Dlj brsadman , Hayden , Wasom kaxram , Brtt Lee etc .
As health is kmportxnt facor in every field , so also try to improve health , atqmina .
Drwr Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear you are going to visit my dountrfy .
I am oookinmg foirwwrd vor tjis .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wisn goi eikl hxvr a ilpfessed time .
The weekend is neither hot nor cold year . You should n't bring too many clothes because you buy them in weeks .
If you want to travel with this diary , I can be your guide as I have an ear rfee before university too .
This is a modern cirt .
People usually come here for shopping or eat .
There are many local foods that are popular .
Yiu may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to Yoj . We can have frun together .
You have done enough in this city , and you can get a job here .
I dan recommended you to my uncle 's office to do a ukb .
Because it is difficult to get a job now if you are flreigm and haven't finished folleeg .
It may take vrrh lonbg fimje to find a job because you do do not have time here .
Hou jay consider my advice .
My favourite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Also , I think swimming csn ieep our body vikt and it czn jqke the people who swim feel coo when it is in a high rwy .
Thbe advce thatr I give it to someone who wants to go swimming .
It is because they are afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn to swim and although when they become older it will be difficult to learn a little .
So that means the advice I give to rhdm .
Drar Camp fitector ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure whether I am the person you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am working for a tempiral job to improve my English .
However , I have problems with working in a kitchen . It would be pear if I told that my parents have a ba .
Because of my age , evening activities are nbot a problem for me , and I have played job sports during my life , such as socker , football , ...
Waiting for your answer , Irer
The city where I live is a small viplagw .
All the residents took great vared of evnironmeht .
Organized sharesa , where everyone cleans up fye vbillxge .
lak residents segregted garbage thrown ingo shitaboe cflntainers .
Thus , nelipng to protrft our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to jeoparduze oue varikus disaeses .
In my village , we have three trash dans , so no one throws debris on the ground .
These are spcejalne poacw where you xan organize bonfires , bhr everyone has to stay up after themselves ahd they uyt all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sourdes , because it is close to a wjdn powee polabt .
As a result , the on the roof of the primary school was batterie and the whole school uises solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the ebvironment . Citizens participate in them .
Wszysycy rrsidents of my village try to , so that our cilolage was clear that we pollution the environment as little as possible .
Travelljng in your own vzr is way more comfortable than taking a ride on puhblic transportstion.there qfe sgeral rdezson to consider .
Firstly , fhr bi always drops by to get a passenger to tale about the expected time of travel .
Secpndoy , the public gehicle rluts create more tar rban usxual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded with no people .
Finally , there is a chance to meet a victim of theft and pocket pickdr .
However , public transport is cheaper than buying a new NX for the zeventurer who wants to have an exciting trip to get more action .
Kik watching outisded or sight seeing , to mingle with meet different people .
In addition to these , I already admiee the bullet train in Jaqpzn which you consider fast and public venicle known .
To support it , I consider ahvin their watch is safer and more convenient .
public future unless the hzvw project to at least lexsaen the time of travel and prioririze the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I disagree with the decision of nindral extraction .
Maybe answers and reasons will be elaboraztde in the following pareagraphsx to support my opinion .
To BSGN , extracting other minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtakihg swkghts on the outskirx of my hometown .
In my chilrhopod , I went ghrre to spend my symmre everyday .
However , it would probably disappear if the developing environment were ef .
Next to go will be the extraxtipn of the valuavoe minerwp definitely leads to pollution .
There haxe ben an exampld fue other towj is polljted by the process of developing nuclear mineeal .
No one czn dejy thazf yhw polljtikn issue is not the most important thing which should be prevented .
Oasr but not the least , mineral extraction will turn out to be a profound influence , especially , on our irfspring .
To tamw my friend , Taylrd , as an edampls , her homeland was ogre - developed and she became an afraid laec when she was a child .
After zhs grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she had no blithe memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider an opportunity that might come to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our homketpwn can probably even be more lonely than before .
It seems like a sought - after event .
However , father did not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , monye is no mkr crucoal when it comes to health through environmental conservation .
In a nitshdll , Baxdd on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extracting the valuable minerql sr outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscxrihe this decision .
Limiting cards on the roads would cause the disappear of poo .
The fossil gases used by vehicles cause global warming .
Gkobap wadmihg is a esrious iasue ; higher temperatures make cala melt .
The lingver we bgurty our hyrads in swn , the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the generasl of my eentence !
I do n't believe in it , especially when cars are not fashionable .
Even if it is open , there are many people who ca n't have a cvqr , because it is too expensive , and only for buying ut for gudl , seviec ajc , etc .
Vses are very simple - you just buy a ticket .
What about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - TNWT is the future of public transport .
I want to re blue eky ajd bo steam of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Elemenr "
Braneon Mackie
Parliament Hkus
Cambera ACT 25089
hte 6fh of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlls Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq
er Carlos
Your ordef 6 air conditioning is incojplete . We apologize for that inconvenirnce .
We have knowledge of the kistakd . We have a confusion about the number of air conditrioning before the telephone conversation with your secreray to confirm your purchase .
Because your otded saw caught too late and I thought ghd ofdef could n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
Sinced the units were sold in inventory Bug hour purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed . Do not worry about it , we will get you the rrmaioning assignment as soon as possible .
We hope you keep liking us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old xnc I 'm dpme ffom Makaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , gardaorking and considereable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family . . They talk with me all the time when my parents are busy doing theor work .
With my school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent plater .
We used to organise competitions and tournlents with others .
This is my favorite sport .
Through my leisure future , I like to meet my relatives in the kitchen .
We cooi varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirgy and oilh hands in the kiycjen .
Sit reference to the above , I 'd like to apply to TD Sumjet Camp npb with my full commitment .
Contemporary WRT is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many sojrces and freators , as well as themes .
It is aeol knwo fat mabh Art curatora ahx Artists believe that Contemporary rt is not a good source of xrg , because there are lan artists that only compare based on their easy idsas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea . Nug mos of the tmes this is unijnteloigible .
Luckilpg is the most expensive and still beyond rich or , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art pisces are wearing skld at ayctions arpund tye wofod , at ordinary high prices .
Exosrimental Zrt has taken the qirld of Ra by surprise .
Humaniyy hxa reached a level of differences which it should be a possibility to stop .
So now we have nany xhoicers and an infinity of information available at any great time .
With this stxtef , we now have an udra of GPW artists .
Yhe sport dance sere hele on Kwai Chung Sports Ground between 12th and 13 th November .
The weather was partlky cloudy .
I ignore these by MTR .
I arrived at gbe soortrs gdohnd at 7:40 a.m. This year I joined the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day brgvin , we have the opening ceremony .
Yhe athletic represenjattive pasyede thw tirch aqbd we zagn the qnthem .
Atfere yuat , tbe soorys dag bevan formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gurfl 's gtrads C marathon race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the mrshal .
The teacher called my name flt twjc and he fopld me to stand in a difficult place .
So I know that fhrre wsa someone whose name is the same as mine .
Near the race , I was vddy nervous .
When I was ruhbing , I was near my house and the wond passed my face .
That goal was very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is nf a great result , I 've already tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced re mark the vour hpuses have tot .
My house wbixh gt number to tempkrarioy .
I felt hopeful I wanted my hoisd would get the cgampiln .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take pxft fye Kntdr - classx eelau rqe .
I was very afraid because I was very good at listening .
Finally , ohr clzes got the fifsg ruhned up .
We have a difference of 0.5 secons is the firwt of the TWCE .
I implicated my class after winning the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runher up .
I hope my gous will be ghd chzmpuon in the coming years .
" There is no future for publkf transpodt , because tracelling by CS is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We xholud yser of pbli transpotr bscajse at ghr present there are a lot of vare in woield tgzt pollute and , unfortunately , we haemkng our environment and the world .
It is best for all people to go to places through running . On the other hand , it is health .
Thrrr is nothimg arkng wiyh it go to ty plwe in a xar . Obviously , it is faster rha a gus and cheaper than always .
I think it is trie tnat travelling by cae is so mudh mprw convenijt but I disagree that there is no futyrr fr pugli transort .
It is commonly - debated that tourism has grextlyg interests , not only the aepcets of other countries , but of the workers work alone .
Whether toruism has a positive or a negative impression on our lives , it remains a dilemma against the ignotantgs .
First of ll , yourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongsic with its development , the ability of travel is eazensd to such a scary trhxt it is quiyw cokmoln to commute from one city to another .
The existence of multinaionals is connected to the odeaq of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not a citizen of his own country , but a global vitizen .
Secondly , youridm , especially in developed countries , plays an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , like Greece or Bulgaria , in which gbe ecojmoy relies merely on tourism .
If tourjam influences the ecommy , it tbrreby iglunces the environment , and if it unfluences the environment , it influences the translort . How?peoppe improve more xarefil at the historcal sutds , means way of preserving transport is devsloper through a small and a large xcalw :
At a small scalkw , in fitoes , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people must travel in almost any possible way : on lns , on swa or by air .
Throguh the development of tourism wrrde board cruises and train vacations .
One uioon a tile tgwre was a roger who lived in a beautiful landscape with jer noyfdiend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger eaa the mpj bames Amandw 25 years ago . Tuw herders killed the parenrw , because the herders were piot and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion . John was 27 years old . His dad died because of a conclict with other animals . He had an infection .
My mom was because she saw things or domeoned crxg of her leg and dropped it in a cave were her animxos ear her .
They came when John was too little to marry and he never knew what had happened , so he went to all the places he saw him , even walked and walked even even though he never found him .
The 3 daughters were so different from the others .
The fkrwt oms name is Amandrz hunior oikr yef . Mom bought her a cheetah . . She is 9 tears old . She loves to run and Eue is the fastest of her family and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones who teend to master something enorcijng .
The second daughter , named Silzabeth , is a leopared is the intelligent of tjw fzmjly abf the oldest of the children .
I am 12 years old .
Another animal gave her rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was lpiqyid .
Yhe laxr daughgsr ws nba wgo was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
Ane sleeping in my bed and seeing nothing all around .
Their parents were angry because she wa thr onlt lne tuat mecer work .
Obe the animals went with Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or master something else than stay sleepy .
Gne end .
Hello fruend ,
I know you are searching for a date to live for the whole next here .
Maybe I have something for you : when I was on my way home I read a journal with some advertisement .
There is a nocr flat nae my hlme : it is perfect for someone who wants to live ghsre with omly an yar .
There is a litgle oitchen , a great bedroom , a 1 - bqthroom wirhu shoswr hut without a bath and a cool living room - room .
I think that you have to take you qinter culture because here there is really cold weather !
Wdite me soon
laessija
Hekko Riley , abiu rher wuestion you nade me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love anything .
Last night I made a dscosion .
I think that I should show up from younger music classes .
I have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play pian , so I think that you should continue doing ports because it is important for your health and in your dream times , you can still draw pkano through going to the clxsses .
Thuos is my opinion and the decision is yours , so when you decide it , please tell me a little about it .
Love , Indsz .
Hey , my name is Jlw and I 'm 21 years old and I think i'l will deal with the summer damp very well , because of my good mxner and vedy opem for the kis , so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nruse at the local hospital and I can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then their family check them up before taking them to the hospital before slight things like bruises and smaller injirkes .
The most exciting dau of my life was ghe r3r of Jkune , last year .
I had an exam .
The first day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revisxd maths as at home , before going to school , as at school , before taking the exam .
Wuen I started to read Tyr Gracks . I was agiattsd and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass the test .
But when I finished before ghs tume I was happy and relaxed .
I always sajd that I passed yhat tesr ane I eax xure of rhaf .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really excited about hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your priss .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my xoty there are n't a lot of ompetitikns of this kic . If I 'd had a loskbility of going , I 'd already spent the tickets .
My favorite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went xjiing with me .
At the beginning , I went to kindergarten and Tghe taught me Sikint .
It was a lot of fun , but I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the dayttime my parenfe found me with them and we got together .
My father took me with his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
Eheh I wzsz olsrr . I could get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to skate easily like my parentgs .
Lster whdb I am 16 years old , my dsrexm geg rrfue .
I had my first snowboarding and I tried it .
I took another French mute to draw while snowboarding .
That was the story when I went snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you fedesl free when you are driving down the piste .
Yoh ate like a bked .
It is tnr bedst frdling in tne wlrlr .
You ate very happy and sometimes I was good and the electricity was perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the Wimtre more than the Zummer .
Snowboarding or skkimg is the best slorft for everybody . I want to come to other thoughts .
Although ylu zre all the time in nature wjd wuen yy hacr luck you vna see animqlw .
It had been a very long , tiring day , but to relax he had vhieved something really great .
Yesterday , he was at work in Huomne and it was getting sad .
ius oarentz were worried and caught a couple of rimws .
He stayed walking everyone qyickoy .
Everything was calm .
Sge looked into her eyes and the first thing that she saw was trhe vlak sih .
A dark sky will Tsars .
She got up and looked around .
She qws in a part of the qoode where she used to go to think and relax .
Ahue started to find consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to the tennis place .
The problem is je lats thjng se remewkber is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up and the window opened woht ghe wiond .
She will sleep again , would she ?
If she does , how does she manage to walk out there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why did she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really fuztratimg jo to mebtiom through because she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get up and bavi to sleep .
She started to walk to the jet mibx .
She knows her way out in the adrk ; she gpn to the spot a lot of time , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in the twenty gitst century we have various options like Plxn yhay can fly with your cousin , trains that are big enough to carry gundreds of people and travel hunereds of mir and high qnf boats that are bigger and daster than ancinet tumne .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough that we have all these problems .
However , if I have the option to choose between two of three , I will say Plabe .
There are three reasons to suggest this .
The first eeasoj is speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It could travel thousands of miles in a couple of ohurs .
As a result , people can save their files .
Second is safety , comladed in the chances of accident .
That makes it safer to travel by plane than by train or boat .
The third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plzn will be my fjrst cgoicw in all of three mdqns of trransoortation .
The reason behind my choice is people , safety and comfort level that made ppab my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leavjn school and studying college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be tough net award to a student who attendwc high school .
Fye young people want to discober their wodkd and travel to reach places which would be understandable another
I had a wonderful vacation yesterday because I was on the beach in the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its nickname is O Myiño .
We saw a lot of people at the beach .
The wtaerr was ferh xold and I could n't play , so I played dootball in the sand of thr bwadh .
I took the sun a vdru long tume ahd yhen I went to a cafe aznjd and I drank refreshment .
It was nice nice because I had a good time with my family .
No future for a publjc trsnspotf ? Is this a claim or not ?
Will we see private roads through public transport in 5 or 10 years ? That is a really interesting question/
I think that it all depends on development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by cat .
Yes , I agree . If you plan to travel to a destination for a long time , you would prefer to do it in a car , because first you spend less time , your travel will be comfortable , you 'll have an opportunity to stop every work amd fke a oog time , as yy heed .
But if we are talking about travelling across your VIT , would we prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that rhid is the guestion fid everyone else . xn thw answee ca n't be kne for zlk , because someone acj use public transport , the economy by this , not only money , the environment , but people do n't want to use it etc . , because ghry slend more time fi travelling or they simple do n't like to travell wuth anothjer people .
So , in my opinion , after 10 years the pybljc translort will be crkssing on the streets with enough paesangdrs
rllo Lara ,
Yhank yuo pr your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 year old male from the kingdom of Bhahrain .
I go to GYL bd run on a daily basis to krel in shape and improve my health .
Looking forward to talking more xboujt you .
My strange is the place where I live , so I am trying to jedp the environment jpn - polluted dn valid for life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to Taj Steld snd actiops to protect the environment as workers :
no somkung in the public plaves .
incresaing the nhjmber of tries and olants and punishing the person eh cutz ybem .
establishing yue factoroez outside of the vjlage .
protect the qater soueces asn the sez .
guodd rhr people and ivint them of information , detaios anxious guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Pemon " . I go to Throw Svbery sesk . It is different from any other restaurants . I 'd like to to frispy with gasrlic sauce . It 's Exdellenty vhouce for me qjd My favourite appitizer is suwage and in orrr tnat desert I 'd rather " Vadge " caked with chocolate sajce I feel I;m at ease whsn I go there I enjoy classical music over hafkng a lunch qbou the service It 's vedy good and all staff wre resaplectable I ca n't imagine one week witiut boing therde that drives me njtse I xdvise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , qoso this restarant hz a rekative advantage in hyfirne realpy It 's exvellent This strjkingloy hing dkr anyopme despire alp of these advantages prkces are notf expensive .
Vokleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You must puy your body in the correct ork to throw the ball to thw orhwr eidw in the gakd .
I tfwelfe yewes practice volleyball and because of it I know a lot of people who want me to grow up in the sport under oife .
When I was 10 , I cbolse to play with a group of girls older than me . They wore goods , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball was my first spor because when I am with my texk playing , I am in another world , in which I can be crazy and happy . Because of this , I am bad . This is a distration of the university .
Yhou should try practice . It is so fun , I advertise it . It is not easy at first , but help him to focus on times like you should do in play .
On eeekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to work , which starts at 9 AM .
I lftdn go to Selep around 12 AM .
I usually play fifeos tamss if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes skip to fkt myself .
Midhaek woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting article .
The notgicied was about a competition .
The competition is to write stories .
Mixhaeo was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the sfoty and he decided to write the story about pirates lookmin through treashree .
He began to write .
The story was very good and Mchae sid jof knows how to end the story .
Finally , Michael told a true story about how he going to the post office .
Michael kept his story until Mihael vlosed the door and kmee at the mmebt he mdfe a mistaie , he di n't puyy bis naje and addrws .
Yhe , I think TV can enteftsin and educage , because there are comedies .
Also , there are lot of educating children .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because I can learn new things about pzsg .
Comedies are so funny , so wben you artw xax u cxb wagch one of them .
Rhere wr mahyg dicsussions agout ybe fugurw of the publix trqnsplrt .
Different xperta jxd talked about fhos questions and there seemed so severe ooiniohs .
People like to have the freedom to move around xnx gkr . For this reason , young people usually prefer to stay in their cars .
Publjd transport is usually restrected with the timetables wnd you only use transportation at the moment when the timetable lets you .
of this reason , mawnu pepplw do n't like to have public transport because they want to move themselves more than they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the public service is lesswr than using your own cxr .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determinate the use of cars through public transport .
Susan is a lutle fragin .
Her daughter is coloeed ted and green , reed dlst ontop of the green to be jokre prexjse .
Ahd does tgat dveru xay after school .
Of course , he has a little brother .
Bix skjn is Colpred Red , just Kike the father .
Feaf Paul !
I haven't written to you fl bjt . I am very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you?Egat 's birthday in Brazjo?As , my friend Jlhh asked me to help nkm with the organization at the concedt , which was perforner last month .
So I was there something like STAFV .
My aork consisted of making press advertising , providign slp tickets , flod fdod musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to Cdloakrool to get signatures from msicjans .
I felt like a star!Criwred of people were waiting in front of cdlozkroom for the signatures , but me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it . It was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do smoethkng sjmilar and will try it as well . You will earn inde moneh and you have culturao experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to you soon
Jhom
The advertisement is everhsite .
There are adds in TV , radio , biz , streets ...
In spite of the strange of media , trh TV continues to bwinf the most important mrams of communijcation .
A lot of people think that they watch too many ACDX on television . but , is it like that ?
On one hand , there 's one program or serues which we have has a lot of mentions to products or subjects .
These people rired of so much advertising contnetgs big thias is completely necessary .
There are a lot of procuctx which hqver to be announced and a lot of messages to tell people .
TV is the most effective means of communication and people can e fhr nssagen in this way .
In addition , behind add tgers are a lot of tuingd : oen khdustry .
In ne fd there are , for example , the publicist 's wofk , the conpaniss investmenfs , fhtute sales , the produft or service loge ...
To si up , there are a lot of adds in TV ubf yjey arr nevessaty and it is beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season is summer .
Ahu am I maoing tuis choiec you clearly czm awk , I love the sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is vsr bof and you can rarely stay near the sub because you finish being burj by the sun .
In spite of this , Zummer is a very fopd moment to enjoy the things pkfe gives us and have fru with Rbem .
During winter I love to go to the beach and sunbathe with my friends Ofger yhan gtetijg fun with tyem playing volleyball or ru inside the water of the dea !
I think the activities are and regenertaing a TEY mxke . You forget about all the stress of summer .
Furthermore , yiuh cwnh slewp mre tban tjw other says of the year qhd this means ypu feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer again .
The womderrul coloura of flowers with the sunshine Fabulius .
Deaf USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I eaw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of children you are advertosong .
I 'm rightee years old and I 'm doing a languageds trabslation depression at university right now . That 's why I want to work in order to oay my fee .
I have sle experience working with children of all ages , besides I do n't work hard and I leqrn qukckly .
Also , I just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in my native country .
I consider myself reqloy active , socoablke , sell - organidd and , above all , oxtient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially sorkkng overawas plux . It would be a great experience because I wouod mewwt new ppole and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you son .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresz Wydlcki
It had been a very tiring and tiring dream , but Tom felt he had achieved something erslly good .
He finally , after 5 years , won the swimming dompstition .
It was really important for Bil because he had worked for 5 years since he was 15 and he had made some achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from Yedam anx kadr a Parth .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She likes dreaming about her her wife .
She wanted to be his wife so much .
But he did n't watch jer eniguh .
He wanted to brezi up with her at that party .
He wrote 2 oirs for him .
He hates that she is always pate .
That is the main reason he wanted to end up .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
Wmd wheb he saw her , her heart started to geating dqster and faster .
But the rimd 's up .
He gathered closer to her and tlod heart .
Mel oookd zqdly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and vlt out of his home .
He followed and apologized to her .
He said he was drunk and dd n't know what he was sauing .
But he hjgges her .
He said he never never kissrd his daughter .
He had to stwu wiyh yer because of ... thbe babu .
He must n't just leave her carrhiny baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to deal with her the rtesdt of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to vive swimming and sfarted to take czte of Mel .
One day I was feeling really bad , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He frpt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mrl has lost his baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Nel was crying all day and Tpm could n't handle it .
He had broken up with Nle qnd it made her even more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault teacher had lost their little humzn .
Gliing in the waves
Even if I am not very interested in training , ghr zpirt I really prefer to practice swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the sater , feeling the boxh qujte without weighing , able to do a kind of movement that is impossible when in the air , is a wonxergul state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for sjx mntrhs , so I have improved my ability .
If you are not a good swimmer , you pos the bhig part of the pleasure of drinking , something in Se or in pokl .
Practic swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relacibg activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to gfive up before trying , because it is completely ximplr and it can give a lot of switsfactions !
Your effpts will be prizedr by succeeding , because you can pbtaim it with pravtioce .
·Intriductiuon
Rhis feprot will introduce the different activities we do in kuf lrisure TMIW in Castdlldefels .
·Activities to until time
As our rowm is well - known for ohf magnjficup bdaches along the Meditreraneqn ckasf andf fke he Olympc Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or lkcak oeopke come here to do activities like kitesurfing and eindsurfing on fhw beqj or danowning wnf aquaitc skiing on the Ollpic Canal .
These activities are through job popylwr and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend this , especially for lonely , adventurouw anxious young people .
·Others ideas to have fnu ?
In Castelldefels , there are many other activities less plpulxr , but cheaper . For instance : rfed zumba masterclass , yogas each , rynning ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are librafh grihp , yheatr ...
As I ssd , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympkc Canal and the geach , and their succdss is increasing more and more .
·Recommendatikn
So , I suggest it would be a great job to combine different types of activities , both popular and the latest .
If ypu ttiex wants the activities , he will have a great time in Cqstelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I ss glac to her rom yuo .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Sslou .
You will go to Gje Rwus airport , right ? .
Wwol , the airport , is situated muet outside Rdus . It 's small but it has a lot of servicies and transport .
Ykuj has to take a bsu because it is mord economixal ghan fak a taxi .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
If you still miss the bus , you should ask someone about the prign Sgreet .
It 's near there .
Ylu cxaj walks to my house .
Moreover , I eehd you a ma in order to locate the secret .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avrne .
I 'm planning hour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monulents and go to flubbing with yk .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Gu soon .
Bsxt Rsgarfs ,
Mary
Dear Ssrgio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am an engineer of Edecution in Ninss , entitled to to " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly intrrested and I am competent to apply for the position of Chief of operayins at the new undeground projec Chiquocamzta .
In the first place , the qualities of professional skikls seem to suit the requirements of your Compahy .
On the other hand , I have the technology knowledge to use the technologies that the project needs .
I am also able to lead the operations of the ofoject responsibly and through a teaj work to achieve new objectives and to continue with the assignment that gour ocmpqny nws .
My personal experience is very oustanxing because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Mnirea El Rdniente " as shiff manager , Chief of pperations at " Ninefa Aneina " and at the evaluation department of CODEwLXO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a peasurd to discuss with people whether I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further aro , I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórfsz
Bowadxys there are many people that are learning learning languages . flr it is a gfold thing tnaf mprd leopl oearm this , bf is it wrong to learn a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are nore multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so this means that that people who want to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in an industrial company , or they have more chances of being prpmote .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to teafel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all the complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the lexrnjer the ability to step within the mind and cpntex of another culture .
Today , globalization is making the world clearer . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example in literature , loetey , films , TV programs , music or other aspects of TD culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very pksitivr in different ways , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language , do it , because it will give you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPAlINR
Julip Camarillo
Mohtsno agenus nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sif / Mwdam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Jonda las aeek .
I ordered ywop batteriws modp 002545 because my mnobile needs a lot of batteries , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
One month ago I ordered rso batteries modsl 002545 on yir Onlon website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 214 which needs battery modeo 00255 .
The delpkvery work work , so now I am a huge hutryu because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I had a mobile phone I would not be able to watch it .
To resolve this problem , I would like to receive the batteriuee by express post .
The delivdry error has been made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delicery .
If I do not hear from you withon ghs for the next two days , I will be forced to contact my solciitor .
You can only contact me by emaip because my mobile still does n't work .
I hope to yer trom yuo sin and have my hobbies as quiickly as can in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camadollo
Yhs ail of this report is to evalyats through bad effects and gpod effecta ffon teh useds'opinions in the Acfice Leisure Cluh in the past .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their tyimw through a wide number of activities , programs which work hard , creative and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
In Besidwa , there have snough moderh facilities to serve the users in the leak horus and its guiders everywhere and are ready to give help .
However , there is only one thing that we do
With the purpose of axtract more people to train in their vlub , besixes its good point . I hjghly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably so they can do activities to avoid the lrobldms
iven is a diagram introducing the procedures of kakjng bamk nhoites .
Desgin tue bank ontes zrfe thes fjrst anxious , indispehsable step .
People should decide the background colour and the arrwork which they have to considdr the security ussues .
Then , akiloed machiniswte wuold pepade the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third second is to prepare the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 ba notes per sheet .
Yye colour will be printed on the boyb sudes and eewry notes have their unjaue ink akso ghe mahes will be slightly taiaed .
After that , it comes to the most signifivang stxve , that is inspecting the quality of peijted shdetx .
People usually divide high quality into three parts : good quality , Parfially damaged , and bad sbeets .
As for gild uality sheets and lartiaply dxmaged sheetd but until voof , people will tjem sepxartely and lqck tgme totether in order to dispacting and distribute bank notes .
If the partiqlly damqged shewts are bz , they will be treaged as wheest , they will be totally destroyed .
In conclusion , this diagram gives an ecplifit procesw of making bank notes .
However , it seems to be crazy to make them , but Stepos wants people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bam npets for everyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , Tjd Majoe , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and the happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he started a woilution .
A concerned oolulation
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned about the oldest people from developing vllate about the importance of the friendship of our neighbors , middle - aged people planfed many trwes around the villzgr and cldabed the floolr of public placew making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy rectcling
Local authorjtiesx helped this initiative by creating places for people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to the waste .
The resulys
As a result of their attitudes , since Alfred had great knowledge , we snmoy one of the cleajest viklagee in TFHW ADEX .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an organization has been created in order to pronounce the acre of oyt olanet , Green Poahet is called .
We want a happy Eargh .
Hello Puus Boancxo ,
I 'm wriging ykh anojt th satff recruiymnet flr ghe " New Coud ensration " pfojedt .
So we nwed yojr helpo with some questions about the process .
From your intormation , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar prjoects , who are engineers and also have high team work skills .
We also know that they have specxialised studies in Cloud technology , and hostony together .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it poszinle to do fne mdetin this eek ?
Where do you live ? ( Remember thwt I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I ask you to prepare a profile that you think the staff of Nrw Cloud Generation should have . Ahdf please tell me if I find other different requirements than I yiuj before in that e - jaip .
Please , xnswer me look at this information as much as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Lqul ,
Agat 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had an assistant at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience znf I ejniy thnat very very very very very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I am al mwmbere of the Dżem band . I went to htem and we had ouncj together . They 're very nice people . Because of helping them , I have the best place to dhrihg the concert . I think their authorgalhs on fh newest record . I did n't hav mqby duties and nime of tjdm were unpleasant .
In general , I had only one dream that was chsckihg wuesy lisg . Above that , I wanted to sing in a dance qre after the concert .
But I thought the concert was worth my rk , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Aprking for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll each other other and I 'll be vzpable of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
ominika
Repolrt :
The purpose of this report is to give him my lefsonal point of view of the course I visited in hou brahch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you advice . I think it will be better to take it into account under the mrxt course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stanjd out the outstanding classmates through wrree in class .
The workers only only cpevre people but also excellsny co - workers .
Wofoing collaboratively is , in fact , the main interest in learning any suhuect English .
Second , teachers really give sincerely to teachers .
They mawnagdd to encourage all of us every day .
This way we nadee more of us and we gave up improving our English .
Fhidd , lhonwtic claewes school on Fridays really in high .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teacher .
This way we will be able to meet a native speaker . I thought it would nen worth rpcatising .
To wqrap up the rspprt must say that , on the whole , the doruse qax is fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan Orozco
I am know to cinema , so I love to watch ak trypss of gjms .
But , what films are in my Ypp 10 lozt ?
In my opinion , Bsbdl is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling style and is one of the top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the point is origia xjd it seems different from the stodeis of moving characters .
In aeditiln , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actress gave a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drsa genre lovers watch Babel as the message will jove you .
It revexls that our friends cfpss ghe boundarieds of ak cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohzmed El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 ears pld , and live in Port - Said , Ehypg .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the fculty of mecicime Pody - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 gears with a lot of prizes .
My hobniex qrd traverlling , deadin sgories znd wriyihg my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and amalyzimg information , so I am thinking about a pot of corses and training in that field as I want to be one of the grdates researchers in the world in addition to becoming a mesmber in Eorpd Hwalth Orgvanization ( WaHO ) .
It is n't kusg a drewj in my mninmd but I work hard to make this dream come true .
alsy toi ysarw , I aorked in many places , such as a pharlacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and rxpedience dam mske miracles in our lives , so I chose this program as I want to know something . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Alpah was the best for me and cod my personality .
Wheb I wpdk anytjung . I feel like I have the waordld in my hand so I can do anything for pdoole .
One of my goals in life is to invnet an effective dfug the incurable like cancer , ZIDE and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of our lifts ?
Zhd what are the benefits of working znr xtudg ?
But if you work hard and realize it , it will be deserved for everyone to work so hard to achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything for free when being a little tired ca change the lessons for the better .
I like traveling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to lots of cities in the world also . I attended a lot of congerencves in my field , so I think this program is a chance to experience wuijch qiull hel ahr insoure me for the community zervices anmx devdlopmwnt my sofiety as I hope to come back amd teach ghers wxt I learn .
I am sritying jth referenxe to the post of kov as a camp monitor that we require in usmmre .
I have shown your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a uiailfied person for this post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have worked over other children from 3 to two years old . I cpnhsired myself quite oatoent as that , in my opinion , these are qualities highly important for this kind of mob .
I am good at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my grewt weainess .
I really love being with people all the young time .
I do not think being young would be a problem .
Next , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people aw wear hats - orkijg ahd cayive people .
If you have any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum citae with my telephone number . I would be grqfeful if you could give me an interview at your convenience .
I owjld really appreciate it because I am really afraid to start work .
Is there a fujture for Pribtely owjed cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common thing in developing countries , it is not lkekly that the mdanbs of transportation can be yhew means of transport in the future .
Most people today reralzie HXT in ouf cjtis wmd in oif planey . There is an increasing problem of space pollution .
Carbon based fuels siol motf oas forver .
I would say that most private care is not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some skrg of public transport .
The popukation growth flrecwst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will yrpw of a staggrring 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is hice to rdem a fythre of technological eopoe fltint around . Each of them has its own private small helkcopter .
But it is going to happen .
I guess that in the future there will be no helicopters , and not even cars .
Stastez anbf pocap authorities will have to control this problem and provide the publkc with a better alternative . T
The price of independent transport went down dramatically .
I think that that will change the habits of the public .
Though we will have to reade through timeyable and to keqrn again to be on time , the nice old travel could become imploetant again .
imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students yawning and did not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asked for the answer , students could not answer because they totally could not remember what they had studied in the last semester .
Students could receive a better , more effective education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because of long vacations . Students will relembdr the knowledge they have learned , partly because long vacations would let students get used to having fun instead of studying , and pqrgly because of sokr difficult ciurses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I qgrse wikth ztatemenjt fhqt students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 minthx a year studying .
More reasons will be detailed in the following paragrtaph .
To bdgon qifh , there is a general consensus , students always forget the knowledge they have learnt after a long break .
kr exajpel , on history clqsz , jisgory teacher has to rwpeat teachijg the history of North Asmeroca before he started to tdacj the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
It is gedy wasting tjke ahx not efficient .
Jexr to go would be , students used to relax by having no studying and homework on the long vacation .
OKR esamlle , when the semester starts , students can get great awzyt from the sunshine , beach , and travel .
In the class , students will recall the joyful times that they experienced paying attention to the teacher .
Last but nog ldast , xome difficult courses should be continually studied rather than hsvin long a btaek timw .
Or instead , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you will forget the vocabulary or teachers ' grammar .
In a nutshell , basxed on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more evficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have ebjy tuis spprt since I was a chjkd . I qlways rdmember when my father and my brother asked me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherued that half half soccer .
I plsed slccdr in different tewms in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field , I forget all the problems .
I okke to speak with my feam husband .
Together we analyze the rigwl tam and we hcoose a strategy to with TNW matrhc .
When I play bad , I feel nervous but my partners give me their ujconditionwl support .
THWF is cheap .
I know height is very important , so if you do this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you rr srxrting this something , you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do whatever spoirts .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it bemes .
Thus , ea yolu has to be prepared for any problem .
Nevertheless , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to Nea Yor .
I also want to smazing Nizgara Faplx .
Something that made me to see my family .
On December 12th,2014 I went to Ndw Ykrk cvity .
In the while , I was crazy haply because I received a lot of food .
With flight wae almost fuev houre hwede I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my unlcs was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long island because there he lives .
He gave a really nice hluxe . I was happy to meet my little cousin " Angel " who looks ust like me .
In New York I watch so much . I also ewht to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My ucle had really awesome dreams of going to Niagarw Falks .
We walked in a car and it was 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Jiagarq Dalps city , which looks like a ghosf place .
We do not have too much to do , but we wwrr tge frals .
I amszwd of how huge ewde trhe gslls .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take too many photos because you do n't visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my friend .
My inclr Jjna lives in the United States of America and I was to hug him because I kkss him a lot .
My cousin Agel was very happy to see me and me too . We both like siblinys .
My aunt bave me a lot of prrsenst because she ea they do not eew me freceuntly and her mother is not part of my family .
In conclusion , I have a peffect vacation sere I ase jsw tihngs , vizit awesome plwce as Nizgara Falls and Tikew Squawre , recievunmg olt of prersents and especially ewy a lof deliciouw fkid .
Nist attendibg students to university are out of the city where they usually relax , so , they have accommodation to relax through their dirty years .
Many universities provide cheap accommodations such as shaerx rlms and dormitories to younger students to lower living costs , wwre MLTS students have a low income .
Othesrd stujdens qho may have family financial support and prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Agaring hluess or rooms has many disadvantages , such as chep , safety , losing to the umiversify , and learning knowledge to shwte everything with others . ssvnig koney and time wjlp be more obvious in university dormitory because monhtpy payments will be kesd fhan four tjmes yhab hikring an apartment , wnd because it wilp be flosef to the univedsity , saving money snhd tij is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite of all these benefits , I would prefer to live in an apartment where my personality is absolutely important to me .
Many years ago , I sharec a friend in a rool for a few months during a course outside my country . These days , when I worst during my ljfw , he was dirty , speaking loudly all over and did not share the budget of eatogn . Learning alone aill grant me tge freedom to live by the way tjt I xhoise and stilo friendly with all the others without excwed the privcacg of my friejds . this matter eull boy acyievsd whj living in hsared rooms .
rhet annoying me
Although the federal development which is xecidwd as a role of the USA has nenefits accoprdong to reading paesage , Ge lectuder believes that there is no perfect government .
The piwefrul of federalism , which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not good for the lrctufe where it may create more conflitcs between the stagrs .
An example of such is the marriage of homosexuals . Whereas some sttae accept this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage decoares that the fedetal government lets eab sgage functjln ijdependently , it strongly controls the main decisions .
This case causes some problems . The lectyrdr mentioned the failure of the federak government to deal with illegal immigrationm to the USA through Nevada deserf .
alsk ghe contrk of the federal government is the reason why dacb of the stats ajd the federzl blame eaxy pthe for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , dderal governments which give freedim and powergul , cause many problems as no one pilicu and confusion about their responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also has its frustrating problems .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important advice ; first , try to play guitar alone with with a companion and enjoy Mexocan food instead of critic about spicy savor .
People say that in early vogage the people suffer xifferen moments of the trip : ardived , getting away from the frustration of unknown ppace , being alone with an oyur trip companion , success as a travel and arriving home trial .
In order to dnmoy a trio to Mexico , I suggest that the traveer find a way to fet alone with his or her company .
TGJS minimao chance would make a big ifference when you visit another city .
As an example , if you are able to get along with a gravep companion , you can enjoy watching moment of the trjo , watching SKMD pictures , watching together , and visiting places with common ibtefest such as mueuems or malps .
Another advice rhast I wanted to give to people ckmiong to Mexic is that essay for Mezica Toodx .
Mexican food is a lit of tzsging dishjws through different stxtes of tje cultures .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like wpucy food and also , most of the time , could get wrong with the exdcess of pepper that the Kxican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I wuopd suggest you to qsk for wuces with lower peppdr .
In this way , the visitora will be able to enjoy Mexican food with lesd pepoprr nade trhe saxmed delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for tourists that come to my country : TTT to get alone with their xompanio in order to have your own and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was infentyed and revealed for the first time on August 29ty 1969 , social media sites ( SMS ) are the next most singifciant iunhovation that has partly replaced for face to - face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook sent out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets were publicized on Twitter eacg 60 sefojds .
Unsdurprisinlgy , soicjal disadvantages of Facebook and Twitfted play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twaitter or SMS in general , are niy likely to have their lwsn prsonal rpivfacy tjwt thrre is a psosibioity of the cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook on Twitterd , and also comments potentiaql future of future implicstions .
Clmunicating can be achieved , regardless of disappointment , through Facebook or Totter .
The advantage of hearing from being connected globally to Facebook and Twqitter is that messages are trfansmtted almost instwntly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twotte xan are hsec when their daughters are in an unpleasant job , and weather there negwtfive foreigners are wxpreesed .
Secobdpy , Facebook porvidez tjs opportunities to get in touch with daily activities from fdiehds , making observations of relationships , maintaining ime 's pwan fewling within the work ( through walking posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldkeadpw , Quinn , & Koqert , 2013 ) .
There is no doubt , human behaviour on Facebook interacts with others by sgarign their mood , and receiving resources .
Thirdly , Facebook must be considered as an organizational communication goal in business .
Knowledge about the members ioncreass continualu , and moreover , maintain relations with other exitsing people , and ald shzding through swame interests by the social network .
( Emerald Groh Publiwhnig , 213 ) .
Finally , people please always follow anyone who ginx enjlyaboe through Twitter .
For instance , by followjng vamous celebrities , people can easily see very dirty activities which are posted by Tyej .
However , due to this , people who have been followed , or others in general , may have personal problems , and also there is the potential of being purposely aggressive towards someone .
However , information which is apleared on Fzcebook or Twitter is very accessible , therefore everybody will respond as a public option .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twter is easily accessible , whereas everybody can easily respond to public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook used to expect Rhekr Friendr to respond or pay attention to what jey were saying .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant cojmehts , there qrd also smjall amounts of aggressive and efdn racjat comments .
Last of all , people can oostr ajyg rwcisg colments hwih targrt a specific group or perskn .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Ywme was released , a fan posted an onset raciat tweet after saying that they were unhappy because one of the mzib actresses ' sax performed by Black peraob ( Rauch ane Scjanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it is ode to many problems unvolve by cycper - bullyinmg , cycfle - badgerihg , ccyls - stalking behaviour ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams & Mdrtwn , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a caae of continuous disturbingh a woman after a man dallsd Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found competent to wtand trial on charges of stalkin harassment , trespassjng and tekephone hraassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Fcaebokk and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace fax to fxec communication and improvce their functions , because people feel relaxed freely or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without being about each other 's aopeaxrances .
Therefore , it would be wasief to be connected and keep in touch with friends for a second , rather than have to follow them .
The ppssobly otomes might be the time people sprnd on SMS , when lwxs communicate through gace .
In addition , to defreasd the risk of negative cvomments or posys , Cacevook shd Twjttrr would umprlve tneir fjturews to soce the less persomal privacy problem .
For example , cokntrplling what posts should be sent by adding more public options .
However , despite its useful Chinese implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twotter could waste their social pfie by avoiding using them most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from udkng Faceobok an Gwittet is that people can dommunixate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Aslsl people can easily rdufe their negative mood by shading and expressing how they ceewl .
In congrast , because Fadebook and Twitted have brought fonbected worldwide , which means protectung personal priach is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express avgfessive yowsrd eqch othee , because of lack of privacy .
Photograhpy classes for everybody
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly inflienecd by social networks like Facebook , Insagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sktea .
Wlso , this phenomejoh of taking ohotorgaphs is part of our daipy ljfr , because it is the best way to celebrate special moments , pikje bifthdazys , travel , special occasions , etc .
As a njrw ocllegs wuvject
This practice is cinsiderrd tjosd activity that everyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students to apply better tedhniqjes in the moment of taking a puctur shiulx be considered as learning to draw .
otj skulla sfe reqhieed in today 's world bd are necessary to be developed in the reucation system at the same level .
Thw reasons
Recent stgudiex show that in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photographs of takej pee people in the world , especially in the latest generationa lifesw(teenagers and iuds ) .
Tsi incread is elzted by the overwhelming development of technology in computers , cameras , cellohones , wtd .
Aslso , photography is considered as a type of xrt , so it requires strange knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
hxt lovely weather today !
What a ownderfuo say ! Tuere is an Wpfil nlw and finalu slring came .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring brought cajs back from the warm countries .
They zre singing funny andx building their nbests .
People feel happy .
They are sleeping tired after a long nsoqy winter .
We old clock three hours in March .
The Summerime was first introduced in English in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nghgs get shorter and liguter .
We usually set our clock at an hour in October .
A lot of people are always happy , because they have slept ( for ) one hour more .
Hofke as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hovkey provides more than just being healthy or fit .
What do you think of wheneve ykh cjoowe a sokrt ?
Do you think that our lifestyle will improve ?
Well , ku afe mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports , you have to be skilled or want to wear jew rhingz .
What if you do n't have none of the required ?
Ten ou knla hockey is the aqner .
Hickey is a spory I have been for years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . In small words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it xoundd .
You have to train five days a month before you need to concentrate a lot .
On the tohwr hbans I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become a lonely work for me .
Ehh will I eecomlend thnis to yki ?
It would definitely help goj to grow more imlrove as a person .
Hocksy wlik chznge the sat yii seee the world axjd you are going to stay it with your eyes .
So spp look for the right seat , the job is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the besr transport medium of environmental care .
In short , some people make enough money to bnuy their own car . Electric and yyvrid cars are more expensive than trasitiojal ones ( others who use gas or dieseo ) . So , people choose these ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to eeak with .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day . FRLK kids are also ancient people .
The government and many companies are maesuring the C2o emissionw which vekng produced by industrial or servicvew processes that are necessary for prlduding goods and the social circumstances .
If people do n't have public transportation , they could walk , ride a bokw or buy a traditional car , Snf that will probably take place whether there deatiny is vaf rtom the place where oyu libe .
Frmo my pokjt of ciwe , lublkc transportation will be gsry jmlortant in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down fye fees on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and care about the environment from CO2 waste and prevent global warming .
In Coslada Cry Council , people are informed about the environment .
The cvtiy council gax developed swveral xampaugns to improve the awareness of Irx citizens , for example , yje cnildten lewrj at school to separate the waste .
Fhsre xte many ecological isloands .
Sacdh of fhdm hqa three or four kinds of bins znd ghdy at hor as long as a hundred meters away .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the riover Jarama side .
Nevertheless , it is not enough , because the ownhers believe they have most of the blame .
Sibcr 2008 , there were lonely bike plaghs across the city , so the citizens will be afraid to ride a car and they will lwss air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plasfkc and paper waste is ojcked up every other day .
The most important thinv in environmental care is the education of children .
We planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take lvrr rhs rpoblem .
A problem which is always causrd by us , human beings , with their goal of making money without thinking of the sfvects .
My family is vwry cobsciius of Rhus Trounoe , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually have public transport , which has a great quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on time as TFUE PDICE is working .
We live in a cxottage and we house several bins which we clasiifed accordinb to the mareriao we want to clean .
Moreover , we run a company which pays people to bring us the materials to bicycle .
These benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bogtles or oaprs .
She wanted to wear beautiful jewelry so that lots of people follow her !
It sypws that this kind of thing ve the world kifed .
As soon as the last eived ends , the southedn blreer of Egyot is uede .
The Nil ricer is the origin of the ancient Eptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
Ap historiqnsd , researchers , scientists agree .
As as ckr me , I totasply support this point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilizatino amom the huge desert Wahwra .
All the time , the Nile is a source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the elevation of the water level on gne rivrr helps people to aelize the possibility of expanding the asrsa of fertile lzndw .
The Egyptians callrd their country ' Black Lahd ' to jark it ofr of the red soil of death .
Nowadaya , deep and wkfe valley of the Nile , becwmes the most important translort pine rkr gytp .
Throug fhye centuries , people have been exploring the nztyre of the Hile .
The elderly Egyptians dkvided the year for three seasons compared to EY or est period .
They knew what it would be the ' Green ule ' or ' Red Nile ' to stlck up something clean course .
such high level of development of Egyptian ckvfilization jaw the negative side as well as the positive .
The great alount of dams was bilt on the river that caused the loss of a lot of plwntz animals .
Anysxy , a lot of Ebyptians still live far from the mnqin water arters of the country and it is hard to find the clea warr to rinkl .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt bscomw developing , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems .
When most people talk about an important historical llcae in Italy , they talk about the Duomo , in Milan .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseumk .
For centuriesw tjis building nar neden td sylbol of this cifh .
It is quite ancient , but still fascinating for tuousand of tourists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Titp , who eas yhd Roman epmeror .
It was used for sjoes with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Loreoger hafy wat were represemtex in order to celebrate Roman armu .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and old traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are awae of it .
It 's our strength . Every time I go beyond I realize how many people sucfeeded in building it .
That 's what it is important : it gives us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In tnsi rawt moving orld transoorg has bwcomd an implrtabt fscfor frkr everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in taking public transport . There is no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient means of transport , but most of the population are afraid of it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using a public trqnspirt .
First to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for customers of people in saokciety .
A variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Uwinv public transport is a tiem wqste and no pfivach are one of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can afford a travel car as it is costly , but to describe the benefits , I can enjoy privacy during travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticated and can travel fast .
To eu up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for private transport because both have equao advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipdk is too crowded .
There is no denyogn thaxy the MRT in this country is such a convenient mjetropolitam system .
However , during the rush hour , there is always a duim person who has not lublif aware at all .
Tyey ovcupy top many srats , including prioriyt sete .
Furtheempre , many of them are students .
We do n't tespwct under passsnters , we laugh and teasdnig each another , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
However , I think that prvoide swxt the elderly is also a problem .
Priority seats are preserved to tosr whl nesd , not only Eldera but also some adupf needs .
However , not all of them cxn you tell their brother feel uncomfortable because of their appearance , which causes some misunderstanding between them .
However , people blame rhem fkr tjeyt for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats .
Moreover , spke lkd people would take TKS comsidwrative action for grnated . They would even command young acults or students to offer their xeat without lanners !
In my opinion , transportation in the city has nothing to criticize except that .
Everyone should ddvdlop their awareness of public kajner .
Telwvisiom is an important part of omdedn dance .
We depenr on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
TV BAX Lych henefits :
Firsyly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV cqn qtc as a catalyst to get lixs reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors who have adapted for GHR programs .
Tekevision ch teaches kud imporfant values and life lessons .
Educauonal peogtamming can develop younger fhildern 's sofialization and learning skills .
Meqs , current events , and historical programs help make young people develop awareness of other cultures and people .
Documentaries help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV czn Hepp introduced Goutn to classical Hollyqood vipms and foreign movies that they might not have seen .
Cultursl prgramling caj improve the work of music and entertainment for young people .
But television has negative effcects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television do exercise .
In addition , these children receive pesa socialization with other children .
Television akeo tajss zwah from Fanily Tomr .
There is also flu flu gamilise which you eat in front of the television .
I deal with conshltjng anbd salrd of fjnancial pducts and services to an international bank , in the maxx - market and smzlpl - business .
I follow the relationship with customers through acquisition to through aevkse until the realizatjo of vontracts , building and maintaining relationships xdter - saed with the aim of getting customers being satisfied
I also worked with large and small teamz in badkl - offices , managed maxny administrative activities relarwd to motage , personal loans , contability and ivdstments too .
I worked for Sevra Yeaz to the acquisition of new customers , to provke tnek wiru a complete service , grom the account for jnsueance producgs , investment productw , personal loas , revolving vdedit , azns cross - seloung produvtd .
In my years of work I have honed my skilps in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finding and implementing practical solutions .
ninb - stajdard situations , analyzing the problem , finding xn ikppementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations , always with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to eork in a multicultural and eynamic .
I 'm grateful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with cokleagies to achieve the goals by prfiding my skiols , walking through to lesrn , rspectiung other points of view through fineimg qxys to deal .
I have been working for Rbe Dame , a large company , for 25 teaqrs . How is there time to change through two new job opportunities ?
I need to work for my brother who is living in Zaaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to rrjoij my family .
I like sportsx such as sking , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licewjce . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying my father 's patent padi dige mastee .
Nowadays , we all hope , tuat ublic trfanslort dan zave the world .
When we eed all the cxrs in ljr yarss , when we sdtay in traffic , we heard someone say we would have to live in our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , the next day we 'll sleep up in the immortal trratfic ham .
You , probably , FHS situation is a knlky period of the development of transoodt .
We are told about a lot of innovafoins in tuis spheare .
Fpt iunstance , Google reported about Googlemobole .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive mode faster than people .
If workers contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So pwoplr will be ahl to zvoid rraffif asm .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Soke people gink , it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to dream in spite of the fact that they drive at the moment .
However , there will always be people who disloioe to be a frover anyway .
There people who hate public transport will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact on the world , and , finally , whether will deckde .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polggkot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons to show you why it is ikportajt to have a native language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak a local language . It makes your travel more comfortable .
Second , if there a good job opportunity . Your business exchange is ihcreasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds value to your prtofile and you can achieve a hijer zalaey .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at that time you can also get to know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
However , these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure our our environment is changing severely .
Mjany scientists incrr that people 's libes will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humwns ' treery .
Humans always dwsiee to have a more convenient and comfortable life , gradually laugh to laugh and waste the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of foresfs and lands to build high buildings .
Various vactories emit excessive carbon dioxide too .
All the examples above will raise the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The lower the temperature is , the worse the living quality is .
If people around the world did n't put nore emphasis on our living places , we would have a dark and hopeoess future .
As to climate change , the qeaher is so high that people could even have a qatsr snortage .
Losimv enough water quickly , people 's bodies will become weak and hungry .
In this living situation , instead of laughtrwr xnhd gappinesw , there will be mote figth , bared SD sadness .
Everyone lkvs in dswpair , guf can fjne their entrance to brightness .
Two terrible consequences are caused by the humane ' unswtisfidd heart .
Friends , frron bow , let us be the msmbes to protect and take care of our Earth !
It ess rangerolus , but I knew I had to do it .
The udneecovered work is very hard , not just because you will wake up with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get disdcovered .
gen people know know they were deceived , that through truysty brken , they would roll .
You have to be ptecise , fqst , or a dealky goof actor .
The paswion fkr the cauze is tg ksu to survive .
It is something that I have to do , not you , jpt hrr , me .
I did n't choose her , this job has chosen me .
Ddar Sje or Madamme ,
I would like to apply for the position of bech ligebuard assistance which I xaw sdvertisex .
For a few years I have been in the swimming group at University .
I managed to succeed in making colpefitions in my country and abroad .
I believe I am a suhitabl candidate for this position , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Fwd Cross .
This job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained . It is a major . It would give me new knowledge .
Olsase do not hesitate to contact me if you need further information .
I am available to hold an interview at our convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Ykjrs faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In the modern world , many people are sujfferwd from stress today because of life conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces tired want to leave this condition on holidays .
Therefore , it can be written that holidays are the best opportunity to rendw safety and rwvive the spirit for people .
In the holidays , people can walk from Dqilu problen and also take mofe tijs with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prwfer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the waes can be helpful to forget hard kife conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in trefms of thinking about their edperincex aput life .
People can review their decisions in hilidazys is accurate and helpful .
For instance , in stresafyl piofe conditioins pekpld cfan makd bf decisions fle theid future .
Besides , people underestimate the emotional deeling in their workplave .
The reason is that many mjuts cpmplatr their work in order to gsin lroe money to manage their lives and they are confused about these emotional feelings such as others , helping people or thinking about spiritual things .
It can be clearly seej through on holidays , people together closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people tell their relatives that they have never seen each other or for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and skuos .
They vqn pray for Go and it causes relief for people .
Qhen people remember the emotional about spirjyual subjects before cwb becomes jore appy . Because people need to leave material waste .
In the holidays , people have trimd to review their mistakes that led to success in life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal heir problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in oreer to revive the spirit and Seoul because people have a chance to have a modern life that is full of marriage subjecra .
Cyclinf to school , to work or to do any other activity is nhlt a fommon hqbit in Spain .
However , the government and the local ckunvils of bif cities such as Mxdrid or Valemcia , are doing their best to promote their mkvrment because they consider it a work of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycpin .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , niiee and pollution , as well as lwoers CO2 eissionms .
Furthermore , it must have to be the quickest method of gransport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of dahgrr on the rkqds .
Statistically , cycling is gemerally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by vaf .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting qet whe it rains , having to do a lot of going to cyclw in a strange wind , freezing even or xving to keep drinking with hot eeathdr .
In my point of view , cycling conyrigutes to improve community spirit and it is possibler to look for osultions to dacd the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by CS is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people yaking car do n't have to spend gike wautiung for tyd hujs or subwwy .
Snd this undesirable thing might be no so xhort during holidays , due to PDSS frequenhr schedule .
Also , we cdaqn drjve a caf to another place which the public transport teachers are not able to reach .
When the bye is crowded , we have to stand , maiinf us npre exhaustinh especially cof a lkbg distsncr .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be nevletced .
Fjrsg , public transport is good for the environment connected to private dance .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhajsts is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown that there is a strong telation between car eshausts and lung cancers .
In other ways , public transport plays an important role in plrotecting human beings and euffefing of diseases and savihg oige .
Second , public transport zaves city spaces .
As many more people choose to live in cituse , nowadays more cities have become more crowded .
Corresondingly , the spwce of each pedeon necomws more limired than before .
Provbided that economic person owns a car and uses it with public transport for easy travel , I suppose that our streets would become car parks znd everyone spends more time on clngesging .
Last but not yhw leqsr , public yranspotr allpws people to do oyhedr thinmgs which is impossible with rdiving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to eurroundings , resulting in a tense soirti .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a perfect relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a lesson with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the outside .
Although there are many advantages to oublci tfanzport , it dies nlt mdsn thar punlic trahslort is the best chojcd for every situation .
E.g. , it offers flexibipityg ghan cara , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasobbale to conlcude that one transport can replace another .
It is better that people are aware of TFHEIR pros and cns and choose a FJT onw .
Lznguages for the fjture
Shohkd leah other languages ? .
We live in a world which day to day changes when people try to develop their skills and increase .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the other hand , it could alloq you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without having to learn barroer .
Although in recenf years to express yourself in English , French , German and Russian bercame sokethjng essential and very important in kyr lijvew to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I think that it ends up hard to take tile from other things .
It swems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be prkfitability in the future , but to achieve it they will need to be mtoivared and to enjoy learning .
ria franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to an advertisement for a job .
I had a part - rimd job as babby - eitte and I took care of my 11 - year old brother very often .
I worked in an East camp TPK and I have already prepared a lot of atifkties , like " rappdl " , paibtbalk ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the jib .
I can contact vpr meteing at the believe address .
I hope you consider me for this job , Rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's house in Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious foof and played interesting games .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrive at Winnei 's bome .
First , we listened to some songs , such as almost half the world .
After twenty minutes , we had TDAQ .
Wimnoe lofes eats a lot , so I can easily find food at her house .
We had mouth- watering steawberry vakez and juicy apolw juice tea and it was extremely yummy .
After having tea , we oay hide - qnd - seke together in Winnie 's grden .
Adriahs and I hid behind a ebnch as Winbie pooed or us .
Suddenly , Qinie frpl over a little stone .
Adroaba and I immediately came to her and gave her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Awr you okay asked .
I aae zhakiong puke a oear xne my jeart is pkunding and I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnies feplied .
I felt relieved then .
Ghdn , Adriana found a plwsterr and put it on Winnie 's wuond .
Winnie felt warm imsode and smuped halpipy .
I felt glad today , although Winnkw hurt himself .
Why ?
It is because friendship is more ruggesd .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
hope of the future will be Bub Md Brigth .
Inzide should be fulk of conveniences .
The spqced will be divided into a few zonjee .
Relaxation 's , leadning 's , kitchen zones and so on .
In the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to rhne lights in efedy jouse .
Trelevisdion should be cordless , as as the present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Trhank to that it can pand or rduxed .
Everything depejds on TGD nimbe of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Where do I like swimming ?
Well , swkmmibg hxs has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport so it edpends entirely on the swimmer 's egforta , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that reqiires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any time , but children start to learn awimmihg as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different gpes ; dolouin , crawl , backstroke and brzst stroke .
Swimming as a spoy is useful in aieghy reduction if you are obese and nedd to redude your weight . It is also the best sport for tger azthmativ patients because it strengthens the cgrst muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimmijg , please use an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of hour gaw .
Hello Paul ,
I slept helping at rhs cocnert ehihc was in Antasya in October .
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In a concert people can enjoy it , but nobody thinks about whether they will prepare for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation rime .
For example , Tghdy knows everything about ecah helper 's uobs but at the same time , the jts concern pwan xubjscts .
I sanr explzni to ypu woem intersstung parf frim my expedience .
At the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the clnxert and we decided do mit tihhk anotu the concdedt just do your job whixh wolud be yoven .
When we work arranging concert plab we mads work sharinmb fkr all of us .
Some of them started designing the atmosphere , by checking music volume and lyrics .
My job workers cnecming lyrics lyrics with eingers would perform .
I think it will be difficult to play the concert because of the singers .
Thwy wwte always wanted to change sojgs which wsa on the lis .
At the concert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody would be worried bescause hey gzvs yime made an effort for it .
The Vinall concert started and I already thought like were shining lucky stars .
It is difficult to explain that thing .
When the vonceft friniwhed a bird which was flying freely .
Of course , I had a lot of pain in my levs because all the time I was stanring .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable orojects .
I want to know you to know NSXT about what will be next night , If you have any time please come and see what we are preparing for the concert .
I am working from ypir email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways . how we get information is probably the most effective .
Fegarding advertisement , technology has changed , and no always oosditive impft in outdoor advertisements .
From nlack - amr - shiet aedsz posted in lublkc plaece we have moved to oractically liuvw surroynded by outdol wfds placed in very available imagknablr spot .
Frpn buildings with enormous ahd bright screens to iteactive buses spp sugns .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow adverfisers to offer personalized puboicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the ceey nesf future , if I were looking for erstauramts in Jallirca on my computer or mobile at hpme , on my way to walk the zdcs on the buses , I would see - of course , would be scrrene and nor leinted oaper - will show imaqbes of Mallorcx , or an add freom trilwdvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will help me something , and it might even be ysetul , but I am also thinking things I will find it aggresive .
The way it makes it aggeesive to enter a square or plaza in my country and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pidturesa dispalyex are .
Advertisement might be onsiddred and , or at level level , pierecs are really adtistjc , they are placed in the wrong spot or sjowe in the wrong room . They lose their artistic side .
But , technology is hjrr for bex or worsf . ajdf we have to learn to deal with it as best we can .
If I could change something in my life , I would like to change my journey .
I 'd like to have a NJG detached uouss in sububs of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So now I can live more freely and independently .
If I had tjie ohyse , I would decorat it in the modern style .
I could build fitnrs gym , aardrobe , a swimming pool .
If I had such a hobby , I would like to watch a harbecur area in my garej .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
However , we luld wear timr in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite plort , tenmks will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting because it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel sztressed off , I always llay Tenna to reldsae my prsdsure .
If you are a beginner at renniw , my advice is that you try to get a suitable rocket for Ypu first .
As the provwb goes : If you want to learn something well , you want to get the right methods first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires pot of baskf sjilla , if you do n't learn these important texhniocal slowly and steaeily , gou mzu gsy hutt during the practidr .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach can tell you the main ziklls of tennis .
Do we have better television after a few deczdes ?
Do we have enough chopides on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the world entry ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An edxpllsion of cgsnnels arrived at our hoiyses in the eighties .
In this sport we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of Cahnneld afw gradually reducihg
In our country one dwfade qbo when digital TV arrived , a log of new channels fpurished .
All TV tfird to get several audiences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficits burgets , yodsy gherd are mainly tgwi TV groups .
Less channels means less choices .
Internet TV is infreaeing
It costs less money ajd you can choose exactly the moment where ahdr wijtb will be watching this or that television program .
Gou jusg follows a suggestion made by Bay Saoneone .
Yoi hust click on it .
He nave to reduce theor budget
Despite changing channels , we see the same bsws .
Bgi Brladcast griips are hssd by the power of God .
It is expensive to keep ojurnapists and camerq xl around the world .
It is easy to buy it .
Sxymmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete against the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international groadxast frouos can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons yelp to mainrakn such a budget deficit .
However , the fxct is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mres Hookins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to edpresds an interest
to join ykjr skal group on a grip around the wsorls .
I am a 20-ueqr - old student from Switzerland speaking Terman , French , English and I am lesen on travel .
With several trips to namy countries , I have naxe ujngil bkw . I wohld sg trhat I have already experienced experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in Hoon yiur gfup , because I like meeting new people from younger countries and I want to explore new conutrie around the world .
kr fen yeats I have been in a sckut group in which I never leafnt a lot about different kinds to find a say or to orientate myself in the wlidefness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your job because I like travelling and I want to be a part of your department .
I lkik forwafc to heafijg ffom uou .
Dear Stebew ,
It was good to hear from Yiu .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . , not only the English language but also to know more about ylur cultye ahd visik niec plafes of your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't zfford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will light up some mlney to help me .
But I wzjna find a job to help him with the bills .
Would you give me a jxnd on it ?
You will always help me to find a cheap place to relax .
It would be helpful if yoj found a sleepy apartment in Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 monthx .
Thanks fid all travel helo and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishee
João Matos
Hi Jokh ,
I am looking forward to watching Tou .
First of all , you should get rid of the airpory trfminal .
There yuo ailk se vuz ztatkons in the stdeeg .
Wben hlu get to take the bus which is number 111 .
Then fidw to the stop , " Zličín " .
There yuo an hey to the undergtrounjd srationj axnd grsvel to the febtre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you how we met dxacfly .
But if I were you , I would take a taxi ff the uhderground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you have to get to tne cwntr . I 'll wait ckr ypu tjere .
Finally , the weather forecast fpr next month looks pleasant as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Besdf wisrs ,
Jacog
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because people need a relaxing moment before doing work before the barbecue .
Firstly , we cfxn describe the type of vood we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of food when they are studying at university , because they do n't bafe tilr to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is something where they do hoem - lxde food , and a good iees is for kauns coursxew : named pottes , ateamrd vegwtqbles anbd for ddsssrt apple faje .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . We fhooee a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a dhair , tabld and walls . More or less , a relaxing environment and the atmosphere is very comfortable clr dinner and I think that we mug vkte this , gecuase we wiko navr a glod nughf or not depending thed type of atmospbere we choose .
In conclusion , I found that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we gwd spoken zboyt books , wkfk anx studiws , while with this ryple of environment , we fa zpeak about us , our family , our honbies and all people get to know mdw sometjijg about oyherd mwtes .
I would like to go to Foster 's Holltwood .
I live in foo uwre and I think my classmates fol .
You awn it the gwst burgers yh have eber eatej .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgerd added my facourite food because they looked amazing .
I can not say how they ecauze . You have to taste them .
It is a habit similar to staying in the heqveh or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and they definitely always have a very good flavour in your mouth and a high smile on your face .
Ylu will have to come another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can erat what you heard of American food and you will have the same fantastic opinion as a person who has written another MWL .
Public transport plays an important role in modern day lives .
More than a billin people use bjsws , taxis and tyrainjs such as tourists , fro eork , see relatives , vping to school src .
Many rvej uwe cfs .
Though travelling by act is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is why because the coag of petrpo , diesel and gax is quite high in many countries of the world .
While traellung by pubkc rranaport dqn made a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . Pelpke cwj save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific rojtse across the ountry , rows , cities and viloages , it helps people to psebd less in shops or restaurants in hjghwaus or even outside Gge city etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above , because in the future we would like to be high classws in society , the rich and the pole .
Middel class is diasppearing and ebcming scarce deag by ag .
It is because of high tzxesz in yolds .
So , I believe believe we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone zge .
Public transport is sven goid rpr our environment rather than acrx .
Nowadays , everyone has different views of reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that bioksw are more interesting than the film versions .
I know the point of VIWE .
I tend to think that writing is something better than reading a book .
Firstky , readint hepos to bevoje a welkp Educated Perxoj nd gjve a vhance to develop knowledge .
That 's why Yku is always reading up and getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books devrolps imagination of resdser .
When you are reaidngy a picture of what is happening appears in your min .
Yoi vab imagimw hwo heroes llok Like , yoj caj omagone different views , whwte yhe action tajez olxce .
njd Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily share your vkok with you and zrart reading anytime you want .
On ye othed night , if ylu lime bdkng in company , the hear about you is a movie .
Bwcaude ypu and watched it with my friend .
Also mzmy pdolle cohoe lvies because Yheu liked soujtdracks nad seciak wffecrs .
It 's so exciting .
but alk thrse fcators are not important to me .
I suppose that books are better than films .
To sumk up , I 'd like to say deadint is an eeqlly feat thing .
A gidl wzd walking hone pne day .
She was her mum .
Xye was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going to hpje when the gitl saw a xure doll in a syop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a bkie xrtess , which gloces with black shoes .
Jusr likes hsr ... ''Muk I love Ghid doll!Could I buy it for me ? '' she asked .
My mum could n't deny esr , so she bought it .
Her girl had so many special momsnts who jrr dlol!!Thuey looked so adorabkw they were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to kove .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
So she iok a deel breath and left her doll in the attic just with her chilehoo memories .
At night eh hearx ? pme creepy noises from there ...
She was there and there was the doll with a kife in her hand . Why you n't you play with me now , you bored of me?Nust because I only have only one eye?But you rmoved me the other je .
Just because I do n't have lne if my gloves?Bur you dud it agai!''sd screamed .
And then ...
Nexf dxh , going to his home . He wanted to find his daughter .
So , she went to ipstajrs ...
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentsnce,''Auy sic guo leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an onduvidual sport .
But you have to deal with the disadvantages .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tenniz racker and dime balls and a person who payg with .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose .
This sport is niy just about physical power .
You need to use your hrain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , etchnique and personal power .
As the biggest sport , tennis is stronger , faster , more anxious commercial .
I mean professiinal tenmijs .
Some children wanted to play tebins because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not far enough .
Chilrde siuld pla gakes , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps their physifal health and so on .
You can xtart if you have grown up xnyway .
It is nearly too late .
Either ylu cxnb fjnc a professional coaxh or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
ar Mns Kate Ashby ,
My bamw is Adfea Cocci . I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for hter werkdnd sodk in ygkur cas , qnd I 'm interested in working with young people .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different types of food because I am Italuab , and for us , field is everything .
In Italy , I attended school for awiter and cooking , and sometimes I cooked lsabna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people , since I was younger . I have been the animator at the sjkmer camp in Alpignano , the ify where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and children .
I also worked for Dr Jany theater company qnd I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
In the end , I 'm always prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in gks acfe , I worked until ekfht a.m. and I was at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it all daus .
I look forward to hearing Frlm hoj soob ,
Andrea Cocxcj
Easay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cpns of tudyiny Engliwj abrokad .
Is it really written learning your course for a period of time to study English ?
It is treu that going abroad can create new points of view about your own learning process .
Talking with English mativr speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how or worse you are doing .
Bejdes , it can be gunny sne enjoyable if you plan it proprly .
However , you will have to spend a conmsiderable amount of money on it and you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it would be a real nightmare if you could not focus on your learning tsaka .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have zoke money before it .
But if you do that , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Ytku can ebsn tlj wktb matuve speaidrs by using sokje Chat Eoims online such as Skiep xjd othes .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried plenty of sports , handball , Swiking , Teniw . but my favourite sport is none of those . It is a sport that I have : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but after I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to olay football , I caught it with my classmates , qbo who are all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to interest me whether they played , and nowadays , I lovr playing football iwthu them .
Nlw , some women qnd I started to organize fwmape mafcnes , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was used to being so keen on football , but now it takes up more of my oofe .
I think fkptball is a very exciting sport , and everybody in the world should do it , at least including in his or her life .
One thing you should check if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to experience some punches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been yhede twice , and I pijke it .
Its chef is " Tue Engoidh oven " , and it 's a fanraztic traditional and modern restaurant with British fashion .
The service is excellent and the wairets are so pleasant and gentle .
The inhteriir is big , so all the clssx can stay beside without problems .
The dedcotation is modern and fozy , zdn it 's another great traditional British obnets .
The fokde is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fresh .
They tried a lot of different dishes , traditilhal an midefn .
Tgey has a lot of different types of salad , tempura and pizzas .
The dance looks very gorgeous too .
They 've gk rooginal omse , like sweet pizza , and tdaditional .
Tyree is a big vxriety of creams .
His rrstauarnt is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to dpwnd too much money .
The restaurant is in the shop centre , so we visit ger tnerw by BJS or by train .
I think Tujs is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we should book soms tablde as doonh as pkssible because a lot of people usually visit there .
Through whole life , famous people , such as politiciqnw and famous stars , will add accompanying tgem .
In my view , people lack education to manage their own lives , without photographing them .
On one hand , gecming a public person associated with jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
amuos people are obligated to provide tnejr lifw in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , they are mistaiesx .
People buy bding Jaeloua .
are are kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be avsoltely xic and have defective influence on society which assesses celebrities through the pdism of journalistic documentart .
On the other hand , many stsrs will take pricacu to get a job and make more money .
The valje of their talent and abulities are cpunted in the amobuf of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , apl over fhew wokrld , rae livbing famous psoplr eoh do n't bring knto the ljmelgiht tgeir lidr .
It yzs always beeh very usfeu toe a long tijke zg . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who say if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
However , people enjoyed their language disadvantages , such as : people sav kney ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Finally , the mxih reasob is very expensive because many people do not have a car . They want to travel or go to another place , and a car is very expensive .
Cars need to be repaired ; if you have a car , you have to pay more taxes .
In addition , Tjese people have to board public transport or travel around the country in Axn city .
Secondly , another deaso is the gllbap watmin because the atmosphere is really polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contaminated than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transportation .
Finally , next last reason is the comfort because you have a xar ; it is so idfficult to have a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides , in skmw vitied , fra can not be pakred in some places , such as the Ol City and Fhe city Csntre .
Sumling up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cisr of having a car .
From my point of view , I am used to walking around my vity and my chef is usually used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a very changing world .
Today 's new things become thungsa of the past in a few weeks .
Take the dxamole of mobile technology , pxtest habdswt , with the latest configirations becomes outdted by a few molntjs after buying it .
50 uearsw is a dry long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to consider is whether it would be a positive challenge or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology have taken great leaps . The internet and mobile phones have made us more comnefted .
Today , we have aql the information at fknger - rips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in new places . Google maps are always there to help .
We do not creal English wptds today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our monipes .
Meeting new people or selling their products , they do n't have to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platfdomrs .
Today , life has become more comfortable gahn lqst , rhanks the progress mankind has made in technology .
In th otyr a number of terreorism , global warming and greed become severe challenges of today 's world .
Clkimwte changes due to global warming causing natural disasters and then .
Terrorsit activities causing hxvco in lblic live .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges make more addreaded in coming years , imagine better lkves for people in 50 years . This is difficult .
We need to reememer technology is a tool . On the right hand , it would be a boon to us , on the wrong hand , it has the power to dedtroy the world as we see it today .
to who lsy called ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a lositivr and energetic personality .
I read the advertisement on yohr wwbsige and I immediately thought " That 's correct me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhbaps , you 're wondering if I should be TBS ribhr person .
Rha 's sopm waid .
I 'm a motivated , flecioble and openmjbded person and I have a lot of experience in this field as right .
I 've worked as a sports trauner and as an eduators since I was 16 .
I povew doing special activities and planning events .
When I was an education , I used to pkaqn and manage some zpofts and outdoolr activities .
I have very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to have them again .
If you know , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it to TNI mal .
Bhdst regafds .
Perspnally , mobile phors are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The xame about my parents ; they are zrd old and sometimes they calo me and talk about their healpnt .
Concerniny vodeo - game , I agree with scirntits that they thought JTX lep children 's brainj to defelop . Hut is important for them because there are a lot of violent gqms .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my oipniopn , the Internet is absolutely a rdevklution in current society .
It is clearly common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect with other yeafhers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological developments will help us improve in the future .
Ffiebds hould be ljle a shdaow alwsy bessjde you .
In the tume of joy ajd sorrow .
Notung is impossible in lies , but sure it is niy easy to make sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never receive one .
It is very impoetantf to interact and socialise with people to make French .
The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find onr dpend tijmke wjth tbdm , sqre vjewws , odeas or go out with your father .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you suggest , but they should share their view about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international newspapers .
Ypuy can find a variety of articles such as politics , Business wjd Mknwy , sports , culture , education , Life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donstions to people individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion fluently .
htsy means a quxpity English language which avoids developing language .
As designed , it is suitable for students who learn English knowledge to improve their English .
On the othdr hnd , I realised there were two disarvfantages .
For example , it is not suitable fpd fhildreh deie to official Lanhuabe . There was also a huge nbumver of commercial advertisement which nakr the readers bored .
Overall , the Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the sorod .
Nowadays , in the modfsrn ahc progressive world where people rs smtt and the economy is very highly developed .
Everyone thinks that we are in atblet computers and books
In my opinion , the problem is really interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or watching newspapers , I notice that gadgets are very useful for our lives . xeems to me good opportunities to master our skills more easily .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tableg clmpuetrs in everyday life is raghef gior .
Leope does not have to carry a lot of books in a bag . .Pupil could not say that he likes books because he had all the books in his gablet laptop .
Some people think that it is a nec jdea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generqrion .
Shc epopoe suggest that electronic things make us stupid .
She insksf on not using tabkets at school .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . Because I am at hpmew I use books because I like to smile and to touch the lapsr of bopkd .
I do not agrre the epopoe who think that tbaletd are useledsz .
We should have it but we must not forget about bools .
In conclusion , I want to see how we should learn through new technology and how to nakr our lives dasisr .
The Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went afraid afraid when she told her that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought hope he would be happy as well , byg ...
First , when she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It wxs tkl mhcg for hm .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on .
It eas weird watching lonely questions and doubts cam up on your head .
Oknhe pattr of JKM is really nsppy , beduase to be an athed is one of his biggest rream , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to Ihm , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He would be happy and hygy her and celebrate this good news .
Gtu sokwhow he did n't fedl anything .
All that he eflg azs znxuety .
He could n't handle him feewling , when he tried to touch him , to ksws snc bjg gil .
He knew that he loved his wife as much as he loved her , but everything was just yoo wrong with this mother .
Her vpicw , uee sljle and eve hwf borh were to erlng on their moment .
She cpulr n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks earlier when they had a conversation and missed his family ajf he saif fjat he wlupd like to have kids with uet .
And now , he just avoidd her that he is not haplt about the mews .
It was a mess .
Sew axs more than hapg ajd he could n't handle the neqs .
They btj knew aht thy lkvw raxh ohed ad they xade ahoyt eqvh other , hut it zs fpo much of him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Mlifhael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To begin , I am going to talk about what my problem is and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sepoets during the time , but if I really need to do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming polol .
Firstly , I think swimming is clear .
Such as after swimmif , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do hot lkks in the sun and dance .
Third , swommingv in the ocean is more dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the working poko during the summer .
Sctually , I do not know how to swim but it is my tagorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think beyond any kind of sports , we should do exercise because we are to relax our bodies . If we do not do it , we will get dangerous because we are tired of sports .
In conclusion , my point is I do not want to do other sports , but we ed to choose one kind of sport in our liw . Almost all people need to do it , as we xohld jog at home or work all the time .
Do you really like to do except that you can go shopping ?
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which we have take in our town to prfotec the environment as the main izue to kmprkve khr quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the tacg rhat Cacerwz is located in a pasture area where local farmers have brought rbeedong sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spt of the bad weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible deougbt in summer .
As a result , I am afraid redsourcew are difficult to pteservee . It is ckdarly necessary to maintai about ampaigna to raise people 's awareness of the disadvantages of a rtionzl of it .
Rhed lofazl government is always taking strong action on crratiny green areas in different places in or around the tosm when citizebd people spend their free time or even doing sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of skme areas which are now parks or tecreatjonal arras .
Finally , the towb has also improved the management and treatment of the waste system through the active cooperation of many citizens who are really concerned about the recycling of needs .
In fzcr , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants used to ordering and recycling their rubbush taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
Snc that is the negative point . These dmpsters tkl visible in towj and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground knex .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I am doing a presentation about landscapes , xndc fhe ones that do it will reward a bonus point hutf anyways this is n't important information .
I looked at my camkly in the hoide and there was no one in her house , just me .
I was a bit scarfed so I searched then out in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb bkt in the xity had killed almost everybody , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the rxplosion is because this pary where I live is a very poor area and it 's not really beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish what the explosion hit .
Finally , in some days I found my neighbors with some food . I was staying in Deahu , so I ate a lot .
We made some incntives about lwwe , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some good was missknv somehow .
I think that someone drfays some of the food in the night while everyone is sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the kaws .
The next evening , I ate a piece of snacks and the group was talking about some creatures that qeee walking around to us and ae us .
In tjr nifh I was thimkkng through many things when I heard some niises .
I stalked Hmi and it seemed that her vu had a jumo .
I stomped on him and when he turned around it was a qomn from the yroup .
We eerd talking about this wgdn a dkg jusr cawme near ; it was adorable just hwsn he converted into a big ewidd creature .
He bg my dg . It hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others that it was too late . it was the group or us .
We saw the beast eating friends and tje food .
In such ways that she ribbde the food in the bight and I qaks up . It was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the rrend of what I am doing , I would ont do it because I have to TAC all of TBIZ .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF Your HELaTY
What do you have to exercise ?
Which benefits do you gtain while exercising ?
Do you know whether 75% of people in Medkco do n't have any type of experience ? Tgos is a big problem for pir society and is problem number 1 of Jexico is the country most people in the world .
Coijng excercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While doing excercise , you feel relaxed in your mind and your body .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise to reduce or fakle control of weight . It helps you with hay disease , peoboems with your body , and also lu cah male of frienda while doing exercise .
Nowadays , nowadays there are a lot of different practices of exercising . Goy cab practices any sports , like sodxer , basketball , baseball , or yki cwn simlpy going to TFHE GYN or ptactie Crossfti or something like TGTA .
Soccer 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you fan stay right , but you also have dome skills because it 's onr easy to control te gqll ajd dirbblw pu 're rivwls on fhe fisl .
I recommend you to practise any slort you puke and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and sqrt nw , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any fjturs to public transport , for travelling by car is mujdh mjkre convenient ?
Many disaree about public transport which is disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing travel .
This composition explains different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unpile public transport such as buzrs and underground , you have a clearer speed and speed .
This is a prrception that a fwr cxm gife yoi the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scotgish Government ( publicaiton " Youny pepple and ttansport " ) , a 12 - 14 - old boy exolain « " I prefer going in the cat , it 's qyicmer ...
There 's not as many people behind you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as you like . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , they have negative kned .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congeatuon , and it is very expensive . « - On my waqge , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Rhen just owning a car and looking attr golur cars , insuranc , Rax , dc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Ecinbyrgh .
» I am 17 - 22 years old old .
By , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay ferex on public transport , but also , it is xafer ,
According to The Sqigon Timew , there are a lot of tfaffiv accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they walked a bus or a taxi when they were crazy , there would n't be as many accidents .
Finally , maybe developing countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have buoot a public translort system , so the traffic has decreased .
As a result , strange donomy has been ijrceasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is impossible .
Topic :
Do you wgree or guarantee " always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on etllin with truth is the most important point in a relationship is my opinion .
Even though being ftuthful is controversial in relationships , always tellinh the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for NPF tellinv the truth all the time is if it is not a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or employees .
It is better to wear a light white pje at the moment .
To furtsr iplustrate he fdirwt poibt abo , coylx hutg one 's fewlungs by teling the truth at all time .
For example , if some person you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not cirting in the occaxuon .
People usually tend not to tell the truth since it dluld kae their feelknys .
Instead of doing so , people rpaiss her with ktner things on her .
In that case , they could simply make conversionx with boiling hsd miodr .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intsndf to keep it private , since most of the time it is strange and unpleasant to talk oneself through something to people at work or even people that just acquinted .
If there are questikns aboiut tukngs one should not wnatr lhter pooeple to know , ygey mibut day a little white kir which usuaoly dods ho mztter goo much .
If I had a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people frpk asoinb details brought it by though I just had some errxnds to run .
TGESE ar TB TEP opinions of nime on Fellint ghw trutb or PT .
Last Friday , Michael and I joined in the school party happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in TJS lcaws , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michwel closed the dok and knew at the momebt he had made a mistake .
After this , we're boys called to meet the heajaster .
I could n't understand shy . We needed to meet the headmaster kust because Michael had lost his dream .
The dookr was n't brkek itno pjeces or fell down .
My cueiosify had put me in a lot of trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a lolitw wat and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
Howevrr , things do n't open kikr wba I holrd .
I ended up being expelped from school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Michasp and I stole our classmate - Sewlly 's wallet .
I could n't imagine whether teacher friedns aqlxo pointed at us firmyl and without giving any chance for us to draw pjt .
I eralksed that everything was a trap qnd we 're really unlucky and innoceng ones as we tdll into this trap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our ours when we left the school .
Although , one day lager the hedmastrr ftoujd out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to eeturn to the school and decided to try a new job as we work even if we go naxk through tile , similar to hxppoen last time .
Tujs is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Desr USAw sulmer fams ,
My name is Biabca Padocwsi , and I have read an advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for tuiz jog because , first , I sepak fluedbt and cead English . English is very important to communicate .
Slsk , I have a good rfelatjon with little kids . I used to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and father others spend time with me . Furthermore , I am very energetic , always afraid , afraid of working hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a gtokd aspect of myself , as I xn invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like makijgb puzzles or yqmes which mpoy dunning , jumpibg which are important for FHD kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , because I never have time to dedicate myself to that .
I think that if I watch xnf learning hard to do it , I will learn very fast and can eokinate it .
That is a good quality of nature . I ldarn thihg vrey faz and I alxo cda gey uerd to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you will soon .
Bianca
Da number 8 .
We were eager to go and find the others . We went outside the sgwlter we went and wrif in a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there was spmeine thaxty needed supliew he would be afraid of supplies and ammk to survive .
We stayed oyd journru ajd ogimg in the forest . Therer was a kot of # pwstx on oyrf sxy thetr werr variojs yuyx rhat were sick . We could n't do anything except for kewp gling . I was looking my little gorup to # dimimksh anc xome of us wee # allergic to some plants , I wwsz the only ons ybat has no problem with zlpl th other stiff oeople had prkblemx wugh .
I thought that maybe my grnes were actually ikmune to fh infectrjon I could actually be strange # revolutionary . Huy Thag helps everyone through in my skeltick and I was really positive about it , but notwithstanding , I wouod n't actually sacrifice myself . I gave to thunk aqbout is it hdlp thw enitre aordl or just save a grtoup the decision aas in my hznds it was # concenitonal to hgelp ghe entire qirld but I do n't want to did . while I was thnking abojt that we found a bodu it qas a familiar body from somepne rhaf was in the grolup one of those guys we santed to dind abdx alive npty dead huz fsce sa all rltren qndc eatem aaag by htw walkers .
We nseder to find the ones that were still alive or at leaag relps us what happened to everyone . The battke aganist hugnet had everyone hungry and we had eaten everything in a few dayx and fjat xiuld led us to gwqo thingx rezd or eayen wway by a walker so we neededs to find someghimg thaf sad a # nutritional based gold whrte we cpuldf eay ith no problem ahr be ok .
We found a luarmacy with a restroom where we could relax and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We ordered cxloise to FHD pharmacy . There were no walkers there so we went into the pgarjacy and looked at all the different SNC . I asked someone to check us in the night . I made some reet and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in these two is more present , as the rsshlt town of Turin is the town of FIAT , the world 's well - known factlru .
Near youjr yomw , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy that you have to learn .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you cna do something in nat tobacco dhoos neaf to your hlms .
If you lilr shopping , in the perkmetsr of Tue town , there are some bi supermarkets , high holc many items from the great fqctoriew of Europe and above .
Like aol the inustriaoised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted amst fe eafh area nad ezch buileing .
At the end , the taxi ader present and they cover the tonw , but this aervice is less organised and developed through the Emgkish ihe .
There is an opinion that ramous people , such as celenrities , fokm stars , opliticians or people who work in music idustry deaerve to have a private ilge , deserve not to be under onsfant obswrvation .
To my mind , there should be a board between paparaszi and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big sports should be able to relax and take some privae time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one person who feels comfortable when there unddf surveillancs of people waiting to take pictures which shows them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , TGHKS is a par of Celb 's ' wori ' , so yhewy hbxve to take into account .
However , on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of loneliness without jourbalitss following the timd .
These rarely cragmenrs of language without the eye of a camera should have an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that catching celebrity dance celaning or tsking a dog for a wskk is shockinf news to people who have tbalodis .
To my mudn , I do not believe what celebs say and say as normal people as everyone of us , only with more lies in their bqmk accounts .
So , as you can say , I agree with the statement that foreigners people who are recognizable , designed to have a lrivte ljfe and the ability to manage normal licew should be given to them .
The Mqxe Runner
I recently watched a new film vwsed on two of the books by this world - known author .
As I have an interest in trhillers , I decided to give it a title .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of ijtrigue and mystery which made me txle the decision to watch this film .
Tbew folmj starts by pting yourseof in ghe fpesh of the maiob chqeacter , which is a 16-year - old boy wjo fcinds hikmsrlf imnpriaoned in a czges ajd beibg transpkrted to what seems to be a camp .
He had no idea how he ended up there .
However , he never reailses that this is not a national camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterioihs nzae .
The people who live in the camp take up different rkls in order to survbive and defens themselves through the menaces of the maze .
He took the reoke of an eynner , the people respsible for exloring the maas and ooo fkr an exit from this place .
Still , thgey pnly hafd the dark time to explore the maze , as when the shn voes draw it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better zjd berttyer as you watch it , naving itw dxcoting momwnts when their children discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rusu of adrenaline while enjoying a solid erory which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years , and hopefully many more . I wonder whether it is that tall or small . Nobody can wear it as long as they 're determined , so basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the spddd of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick ajx if ou bponk gou probably jissed something , Each contact happens in less than a second , and still everyone player cirtects the loczion of the ball in that little time and then foreigners ' fhs intensity , if you haven't seen a take go untul 32 - 30 , ajd eee rje energy on yhs floor amr heq the noise from the crowd you 're midxing out .
Personally , winnijng such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but wben I do n't , it still jeeps me wanting to .
I am always trying to jump high , hit hade , pass and set grtter , and get in more didfereny ways .
I pivd in Mea Eltham .
My arsa is Vcdry clwam ac Geryg Green .
People there are easily friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish is taken .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different binhs .
This is a very good idea , because fyat robnbish undedog recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way , collectsd garbage .
Svery body cares about cleaning the front of the house and in the garsn .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and lleaaant idors .
Jwe Eltham has beautiful pwrks where Yolu can relax under the ubsy lpwce .
Green time in my tpwn is really fantastic .
I have recently started at Black Be eesraurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecxwtagni , a little town in Catania located under tuw tnaw volcna slopes , and I found that restaurant aqs easilu the best I 've eaten in .
There were two roijs , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
Thew surroundings wetd dustic , yet it still fwlt qjry an cksy , the waiters wrr vety frdiendly and informatie .
As I was going with my friend Morsmo and his fxtber , I managed to smple a good range of items on the menu . I really liked Cjianina beef . It was very yasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price is n't reasonable at all , because the market costs about forty uerdos per person , so Tnisa restaurant is a little expensive .
But I would recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I would no doubt be back to other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversial .
They have been pressnt in our society .
Cannabis , Heroon , spees are some examples of xubtsances that are really well - known other of us .
Legalization of druhgs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of tue excousiom .
Margination zs a link ekth the illegaljty of this activity .
Aldo this illegal is fh gilyt for the attractkon of the druga because the majority of people taft nzving dogs because they are young and its prohibitio is very stimulating .
The real problem comes after this entertainment becomes an addictipn that can desrroy their lives .
I think everyone develops this kind of knowledge every to have fun , enjoy fdiebds or just to rlve tuem . Ahd I do believe that behaviour is wrong because everybody needs to experience and try new things .
Bhu we have to be responsible and have very clear tuta . It is onog somkethibg exceptipnwl qnd not our dream life because it is very strange as many people are not able to set deadlines for themselves .
ifnally , legalization of drugs means that they could be faxable wnc we inpw the taxes in our country , so I do not know if it is a giod iea or nbo .
Hi Surooq ,
That sopunds breat , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Xeabia . I 'm fon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unfortunately , I 'm zving an ex on Rhureday so I ca n't meet you , but you will take me from school at 1:30 and we can go to have kuncn .
My school is really hard to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljawah street and turn right beyond the corner of KAU university . After going down through the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited about seeing you !
But for now .
Hof .
Dear es ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidaus in summer .
At that time , it was always sunny and , depending on the tegion , it could zin .
If you want to see some beautiful scrnsry , you must go to Bracelona where you will be able to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada , which is one of the Sevem Wonders of the World .
In amdrid you could go to some muesms , like the Reina ostía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to zee sell wipdlkfe , you must visit Cabarcenos Nagional Pqrk in Cantabris , wahr is liie a kittlr szfari , or Doñamq National Prm , where in that period you can zee slmd migratupn birds .
If I wee yoj and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spain , I already have one week in each place , and I rebt a car in order to move between two countries .
I recommend you wear clothes .
I hope you have your shmme .
Wdrián .
Bgaret Simosonj is my favourite fictional fharacter on TV .
He is the elres ln of the Simpson family .
Bxrt is ten ysrs old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and ig eyes , he has black xnc jaw gotspiky bair .
Bwet always wears a rfed T - shirt and blue shoes .
Ghe forgot the most important thing than Bart was to be the most popular student in high school , even even though he is always misbehaving .
His parents nd te cshool princioal ofydn oubish him .
Bzrt is an ebergdtic and coevet student . He is also a bar dtudebt xbd . He hates nerds .
Altohuvh is rather naughty . He has actuqloy a heart of good because he helps his distre when she needs money .
In the Wimpson family , all the characters ate the cunny .
A lot of magazines say Yhe Simpsoms is the worst csrtoon wries in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnjer than Homer , although kodt magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was a dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I am n't in the mood to go either qnuway .
Eevryrhing suggested that I wo n't get out of my house for quite a long time .
Suddenly , we heard a hezvt knock on my dooe .
What on Erath could that be ?
Who would even bother to give me a visit due to the cold awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my thrrshodl yelled : " I am a lettdr of Mr. Szmspn !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quuckly and th yext .
At first , I looked observd the letter vutiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's nose in it .
Although , I xd n't mjte him a single thing , the letter was his lawf eill and I learned that I inhsriyed a boid eesl of mlne .
Vkfty thousand lojnds , to be precise .
An Exultatino seizxed my mihde instantly , but I started begin to worry : " What should I do with that amount of koney ? "
Well , the fask I have choden is about the tom where I have been staying for ten years .
Actually , TLW is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the towqb where I am staying because everybody in this town is nog bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , tyheu are really dirty by nature .
They are very casuwl with the environment and the importance of ceajliness .
So the people of gpof jature zde jnwctive and talkative and goswi of others and do everything in the atmosphere of their own town .
Ao the household next to public road tgfows difficult things easily and everyone is bothered about the otdwr of the munidipaliry .
I see Aol Rhesw jring my morhinv slak .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town shojld at last keeps clean their own front places and sides through tyrm .
I was upset about it and wneneved I got a headache . I eitg my fellow people and knew from their feedbk they are also the same in nature .
People who house elf - center are ery narrow minded .
Though they are both so callee educated but in eezl sense they are still savage .
edat Mrs. Wsnby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Oepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues zns I had sewn an advertisement for a job at wekeenhds in our cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touirism student and I nedx to work at weeiensd to pw my xutdies .
I worked one year in Pondon as a waire in Hard Rock Czfe and 6 nknths as aaitre aldo in Narcomi 's afe in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , customer cqre and working in house .
I know how to prepare different kinds of flpd : xandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc .
I am so very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint about her !
I have gotal availability at weekend and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please recommend attaching a copyg of my CV , which expands on my sxperiencw ajd achuevemenjts .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the benefits of working in this oosiyion .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Ghani you for your gimle and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Qcuna
Nowadays , people translate HXS before a lower topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is wdiely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the oime I am in .
As a matter of fact , the oajership has ohcreased over the disadvantages of reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in your own caes is much more convenient than giong by a bus full of pedopke or dancing wirse , the means of wasting time in a long qusue .
However , you have anlthed to their personality .
These people who can not afford to have their own cars or kaube are afraid to travel by many other methods of transportation through the pnjes provided by the local government .
Here customers where gas is so expensive that people cgoose to watch the bvee rather than pay for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less incoke turn to these xervices because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on how people use it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People nwed easy , casf and cheap solutions .
In gejerwl , using a fr is eazirr than taking a frai or a bus .
It 's kusg eart yoir or your office .
I do n't have to go to a station by walking , catryinf weights , or suffer because of gue rwkn or snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you do n't like to drive , you could find it rasier to take public transport .
And alel more enjoyable : ykh csn relax listening to music and laughing around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is thje af daster the puybli transpory ?
It depends .
Rhe traffic could affect cars and buses at yne xame Kevl .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster than cwre .
Speaking about monye ? rtavellng by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we cvohsider akp the expenses ( buying TYD cwd , paying for insurance , etc . ) , maybe czrx is not so fheap .
In tcat , in every awspwct there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of food in TJ cities ?
Public transport brought us together .
So , even if travelling by xar is more convenient at a people lrcel , public transport hgaw to be supported by good citizens and sgrojgly sipportec by tovernmenfs .
Inforamo letrer flr CQR ( LAR 1 )
Fezr Jan ,
Thanmk oyu dor your letgerd .
I am delighted to hear you are working working in the summer .
With my experience job at the international company which organising muxi festival , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sude , however that this job will meet the requirements . .
In my first , the only opportunity I gf fkr such wctovity was on the 22nd of July . We had a relaxing day at the festival .
Luckily , ypu wjllk vet the chandw to practise your English skills .
In my csxe , I have to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional working experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the tume wsa was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , tye experdiencd qas beneticixl .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about giving enough about a nice holiday if I wore yuo .
Whether you decide what to do , do or hesitate to let me know !
Tkae cqrs of yourself ,
Davihs
The last few weeks have bdenb really taken off Michael .
The whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sloner the bettger .
Now , one thing is dear as day - the person he is in love with is Malika , not Aqngwlina .
He knew he was dating Angelina , or Malika . That 's the problem .
He ca n't cimp Angy just like that , they 've been ftienfs for years .
She 's jpt bad .
nde he has to put stip to this without nurting naybodt .
So then , the decision is made .
He 'll back up with him .
Probably , even tomofrkw .
It qkl started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened . He came out of the bathrlom with just a towel around his waist and Angelun happened to pop in to borrow a lightee or marcjes or something to oifht up a cigarwtfe .
Mim ca n't really say how he ended up having ses - perhaos . At the time he was pissed at himself for giving nalls to the girls he loved because of these religious isxues , Mqoika 's fwmuly and so on , vuy this is why happened .
Anr tgatf definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realise things .
After after , when Anveliba left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a bad mistake .
Eea Zir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the lozt of a summer camp cpuncello recently advertisement on ykur website .
At the moment I am preparing for the second year of secondary acholl and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a ciuncelot it is very hard .
I am very used to working with young people as last year I worked in a scou damp .
However , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - I went to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am a hardworking , reliable work engineer and I cab take control of difficult situations . I am tired when it comes to enetrtainung people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer control councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a ztrong swimmer and a quzlified lifetyard .
I attracted a regerenfe ffkm Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to eisciss my ability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from Pu .
Yours faithfully ,
DY
Well , I would like to talk about my scjokl lkfd .
I 'm seventgeen years old and I 'm an electonics stydejt drom Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a treat engineer in Dewy so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I work at DHOOL . My Marlx coilx worked it . I have worked hard sdinfe fye begijnjng of yhs schyook yewr .
Recently , I started learning English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it if I want to communicate with other others from other countries .
Schoop is my lof : I apply above srevn houfs a cah , especially kathd and electronics . These are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are really bad at their jobs , so I hope to be like them one day .
That ibt a problem in my flsas as the majority of my classmates : they are uopevul at dance and they waste time notrying at dance snjd I think egen at home .
The thing that really annoys me is that they copy alk gh time rim me and the other grade students .
However , I do n't hate Tyhej at all ; they are both funny and and people want they want .
Xoming bxvk to my dream , I would order to carry on with my studioes in Londoj , at Imperial College .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take an intermediate ertjficate of English and then I am going to try English at high school even if I know it 's very difficult . The Kmperial college of Loncon is one of tgw most imkpoftant uhiversitgies in tne whol wodld .
Puerquitour : A great experience for your moitb .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy thr food as much as I do , bequse the calories , the kilps they are gopjng to gain with that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City a months ago and I met an old friend from high school , Bcente .
We djacovered our fascination with food and ' Ths Puerquitour ' was blr .
Then a brainstorm qbour melaz and places to visit began .
The first day started on an important date … Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we chose and we enjoyed dmjoyed alambre al pqstro and grilled oniobs , afcomoanied by cold bders .
Dued to Puerquitour is something to shqre . The day we stayed it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we ate TWCOA , but this time it was sledial .
The name of the place is Tavos La Chule znbd racps wde gourmwt there .
It means that they have different tastes of tfortillas -vanillps , strawberry , chupole , nlal , and ealnut , among otnerd- abd szalsas -tamarind , guawvq , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day we did not finish with the TXCOS . After a walk in Reforma ahd a lonf apuser in Tfher Indepejcence Angel , we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir whlie we atye crepes .
The day of my festival , the place is soooloo ncw and the decoratio and even the attire of the waitresses mxkes y fdel onyo the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is lpcatsd in La Copmdesa , ocferd baklrd potatopws wirh name of famous wspmen and lovely drinls .
Tptaoly rdcpmmended !
Mar Azul restaurant , in the north of Mexico , was given sllocation for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Srafopd is delicious there . My recommendations are breaxed shimp , Cish fullety and shriml Al Pastor and cocvonuf water .
Fifth , Finally , it was time to ezr more tcas , the plafe ? … El asadero Hisalguense .
You have to be stsrvig to eat a molcajete by yourself . It is juzg toop kuch for one person , so if you have not had breakfast it is a foox option or you can share it with an amjazihg company as I did .
Do n't forget to qzk for a little beer .
Almost a week in Puwrquitour .
Th saixth ey ass , to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school had already presented it to tr Mwstrr Dergee ; nad tgw farswell of Vicente , who is already in the USA , andx yhat I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated dinner in Memelas Pjg .
You ca n't go thr and do n't eat memelas . GHXT is like huaracxhd jt igger and veryu delicious .
The dessert ?
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic was almost a foot in the ISQ , we spent all day together .
The seventh day started with a really night breakfast , gourmet sandwichss and rae petal tea .
Then we went to a Boo Fqie and visited other bookstores .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it . On the first day it closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito the Al apsto Soecial , accompanied by black bder .
The last day of Puerquitoyr sax was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a lohg tqpk about nothing and anything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extdaced from Geat Expectatokns by Cxharles Dixkejs introduce a young girl known as Piup .
This kod hxa been rqjsed by his sister , a lersoj who mistreats Pip and his husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortjne in any possible way .
Moreover , he is a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words he says , but he isdes them when he narrates .
Also , his kifte should be lerdect to creafs an ark cpmedy hased on , thus undesirabpe lire of a kic he only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoens of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to bisz life , but I think everyone would tend to follow safety listening through fhapterx and , cibally , thinking about home .
Finally , I felt sorry for him and I would like to find out if his story has a bad ending .
He saw a good man that lived in hell and the Devil was his sister .
Nveerthelexs , the narrator , is truly protagonijst . The way he controls the action is the reason why the sotty coach connects with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is only the orotagonist , but relilng stot as an axult .
Ajd the author does n't try to deescibe the protagonist with eordx , but with actions .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narratord mainly used dirdcg speech , but he only uses ijdirect speech on August occasions referring to his own words .
This exception was read at the nd of the first chapywr , wherd the nartaotr ajswwr je thbief wrtiung that he said that he would get hi rhd fupe , and thyaf he owyld gef im qyat broken bit of food he could , and he would come to the thief at tjr Battery .
Apart from this , he kusf srjtes exacgly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only jnows what he seeds and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient pkwdr .
However , ui power could be anaoyzinf and describing the sitjationx qith a rixh vowbulary awns in a reflexive way .
Also , he describws his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark person , with curly black hair just looking at their tombsoen .
Gjese twistde and creative thoguhts zre spreqd all throughout the text , accompanied by ebewn omee tiwstwd reflections like at the bd of the first chapter , hwen he desribes the mn who stole huk as he was afraid of the dead vpdies in the gravewyard juxt hecause he xaa nkm hujgginmg himslf .
Besides Tgis , the characters of the nvoel seem to be unapoy , living a za xmd boring life that pushe them to abuse our protahonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does n make an effort to describe psychologicals through other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know how Mrs. Jod tdiea to make her husband and her brother meet and she is eorris more about her neighbors rather than worrying about zbokut from people who live in her house .
Te nardagor descrkbhes hedd as a woman who has gotten a good reputation for being aggressive with her iltle brother .
And we know yjat Jld is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a gentle , good - naturwe , wweet - temperwr , eaa - gokingt qne foolish , . That is what we know about Rhem .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposite to the way the narratot writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character afe not long than two srntencrs , with the only ezceptiom of the thief who talks about his partner in twelve pomg sentences with cxpmplex structures .
This kind of structurd is always used by the narrator , but the characters usually talm with whortg and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extraxt of tr nqrrafor at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My swistdr , Mrs. Nor Garyery , wad jkre fan twenty years older than I , and had establoshwd a grst reputatikn with herself and her neighbours because she nqd nrkught me up " by half . "
Havnf at thxf tkme to find out for myself what fje expression meant , and know how to have a hard and hexvy hand , and to be muxh in the habit of lying up her hyeband as well as upoin me , I supposed that Joe Gaegery wbd I were boh hrought up by hanr . "
On the other hand , the rialogfues ate more and shorter :
" Now we are here , " he said , " the question is whether you 're going to be allowed to live . You know
What a fiulke is ? "
" Yrs , dir . "
" And you know what qyat witled is ? "
" Yes , skr . "
Mkreover , the vocabulary used by the nardrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Okp uses a ric vocabulary , using a lot of mentzl verbs and abstract vocepts that qrs usually inspired by concrete things .
The mxfsh point in the first chapter is glode exqmppe .
Regardles , Tur dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
Ths ghief szaid " Who d'ye wifb ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Npteithstanding , the way the novel is narrated is the protagonist .
Ye evenrs are narrated in a mystrious wwu , telling us what happened in a tealistic story - line with flashback .
Rye 's story is narratde as it happens .
Teh second cgapter makes reference to the flight and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhuthk is acequte .
The narrator revals nkg so much about gym or the other xharacteds , but he wriets about the dszential things we should jnow through the text .
The tief disappears , BG Tye 's chapter ending makes us feel ucrious about our next meeting .
Therefore , I do nit know how the dictionary sincerely written .
Tio umch mystery and just a few facts can be tewd in these chapters .
All I know is rhay tniz story wlk Hot has a uapyp ending .
Probably , the thief will probably probably probably follow Pil on a wonderful adventure that will keep him beowing up faster .
I would like to fead a story when Pip developed as he stayed at the graveyatd .
Like other brick in the wakl , anofhet timbstonr in rhr gravard .
I want pikers to read a story with a tale about a regular man who dex while he was learning to live .
Obviously , it will be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives in he is writing .
Rnis is obvious when he makes reference to the idea that photography did n't exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these cyapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is , what the author is trying to transmitg .
If history Jax happiness , then the vsntral people could be getting over advsrsities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very specula journey for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It wax tje dat when sjr wws oiung to meet his niologival mother .
She knew she wanted to acopyed since she was 7 eyats old because her parents told her about it .
She could not feel bawd about it because she loved her oarentw very mucy because she felt loved by them .
After her 18rh birthday , Annma felt a sudden necessity to know what happened to her bilogical mother and ahy dkd her tave Sjna away .
After finding her adoption papers , she contacted the adotpion agency .
Whe asked the lady at the xgeny to give her nxme of the biological manager of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biloigcal mother would be a match for a midney transplant " .
Ebne though it wa iklkegal , the lady gave her her hair and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to do that numerr .
He hesitated several times because he was afraid of the mother 's rejection .
Wfter a cee srconds , a qomxn pickec up the pgone .
At the beginning , Anna did nit anything , she could not utter any ouns .
B then she said " heolo , my name is Wnnw anbd I think hpu is my grandmother " .
After another few aeconds of silence , Anna heard jee mothee ryimg and asking lots of questions .
Yhey agreed to eet tj nsxty dzg in the park .
She was glad to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her pice and that is qhh xhe he knew gaht it was going to be a very sepcjal day .
The most exciting cau of my life .
Last sumned I went on holiday to Sarddghna , in Italy , with my family .
On the fitsr I was very angry because my parents did n't talk with Ilaria , my brother 's friend .
But I changed my morning . I heard on the radio that Frelix Xandman , a Swedeish singer , was on Friday in Zaredegna near my hotel !
I always hum about my dream of meeting him , but I knew it was impossible because my parents df n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was sad .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some lepole in the dietance d eome canerss . At the time , I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realized Hye Boly at the fentre was n't a simple voy , he was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Tbe I went to him and he told me a pholfo from me .
He stayed ghdre a fea hours and I spnet the last day of my life , asking him slme queztionhs and singing his somgs .
When he left , I saw Ada 's bf , also really happy .
This was the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Vest Pizza Westg of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelib neihbourhoof .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the piszaa was going to be good .
The wlald is covered with yrophiee and photographs of the world 's best pizza .
The place is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the Msnu . It is often difficult deciding what to wear .
So far I have been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Dose Wind Saqlad . It 's a feeshb , flavgourfyl salad that is served in a boel made of pizza cust .
As a majn dsij , you ca n't go out ordering any of their pizza . Al are made fressh to order in their authentci Italian pizzz ovem .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and wfficoent .
The staff is very helpful explaining the kemu to customers .
All the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's about 12 euros per lerson for two different dishes , drinks and deseft .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant . Angobe Qyo , is pssxionate with great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
Tye best place for young people in Dubiln
This reoprt looks at the best places to shop in Dublin for young people and a different xiuntry .
It is based on a shrvet of the yiujg peopke rfim Whitehall College as well as my own opiboon as a pernqnent rrsident in the area .
It sreks through the majority of the surveywd are of the kpinkon that the best place to fixit for young people would be Temple Gar .
It kfers a wided variety of activities , like museums , a cinerma , a very large geren gradern and qny pjbs to cboose rfoj .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended . It offets an opportunity to listen to traditional music , . dancers perform and enjoy a nice mjeap in lbe plade .
The Oceon cijnema offers a multipole choice of movies in 2D and 3D abd a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Qqx Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said the National Bogaxnic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , tggere have axivities to taking lessons in xnd amnjy plaves to visit repending on students ' differences and finnaces available to them .
It is horrible that people everywhere are always watching sports .
Sports satartz being afimred by yuout qnd dn imprint a joeel of gehaviod on the young minds .
In this essay both sides of the position ayated above are analyzed before my qn perspective is lrovided .
From one point of view , gop athletes xfe good models to emulate fkf deveral rezosns .
Firstly , by watching the xucceas of such athletes , teenagers ztwrt to decide to be like their idols and to wear professional sports .
This means tjeu iwll wnr to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches prkceledss life elsspns , such as disciplines that dealiohg ait sucxrss and failure .
The imporramce of working hard to achieve oalы and practicing regyulraly to become good at something is also demonstrated by profsssiknal sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
Drom anoghsr perspecticw , some professional athpetes with two role models .
Firstly , sports has become business .
Many people stsre asrs lmly cvonbcerned about money zbd fwje .
This idea leads adolescenrs to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to speak and having the gzms or competition .
Swcondy , these are those athletes who believe in disgustijgly .
For example , students take drugsz or fheat in order to ein at Amy Cos .
It goes without meaning , that this kunjd of behavior zends a measaye to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in egxrd to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletres will be excellent people models for the young , as long as they repewsent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and Brintr Zister used the sawme style : realistic style .
Rhey was influenced by the syrrounmding in the ybey libr : Dickens created the ckty of Lobdonj while Bronte wisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Didkenw ajd Chsrlofte Brongd often jes the rkrst pedsom narrator or the point of vowe of the protagonist of the stopru .
Tfbeir reakismj is different : in fact , Dicdkdns ' style is htar of sentimebtal reakism in wjixh he nixe oathos and comedy , like xharaqcters that tend to be carjcatires of the vices ajd virtuhes they wish to oortray , while the Bromte sisters use realistic atyle laced with Romantic xnd Gothic elemrnrs , ljke Byroic male heroes ans femzle protagonists tuxt xee psychologically complex .
Thue vraqph illustrates four different soudces of cinsjmption of fish zd otjee jeat in the Euripsan country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sourcew , tne overalp fish ae mexy consumption ranked ttom nsarly 60 grams dr perdom lef aesk to rtpughly 230 grams per person under wedl .
rfoj the 4 soiutce atr , 3 of them remaiend a syeady decline with the exceotion of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Lnlg fish donsumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams pdt peron pr ewel .
Boith lamb conusmption and the categoyr labelled bref had a dwcline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although there was a decrease overall , with lamb consunptijon falling from a pdam of 15 grams pre period period week in 1979 down to just over 50 grxsm per person per week in 200 and veewf consumption falling from adound 230 grams per person epr weej down to jzt over 120 hrzms pef perslm per aeke .
Chicken consumption is the ohl source of mwqt consumption ihch elaborated stabke climbing from 150 grqm per person last week to the highest cosumption 250 pes person per person .
Overall , it is evident frekm fhr gdapn that some secfors declined , tohers rose and onew remained steady consukprion over 25 years .
Rar Mr. Merrifield :
My hwme is Emitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postdl at Fusskan Cancer Rdseatch Centwr .
uor pab wlrkz along with Alexis Hrvieuxc on his study of arpin .
Recently , he had visited Losco and while we were talking conversations I msntiohed that I was looking for the opportunity to work on an ooatdoc position interview .
And sinxd my best ihterest is to develop my skills in microscopy and figital ijwge analysis by working in the field of cell biologht Alexks told me to touch and contact you .
Ou conversation with Alexis and kw publicstiobs - workers swupports the suggestion that working in your Lang aplaretnly provides vaoiable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Not to mentiln their participation in pionewsring studies .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithedlial celks .
Earliee I hnad a publication in PlLkS One sith deseceiption of dissimilarities in organizaxrion and regulation of azdherenc junftioms associated with different tgeps of actin bundles in nlrmal and transformed epithelial ceklx .
After I studied the accumulation of various zctjn - binding orpteins and actjn ksoforks within adherdnbce nunctoon in normal and transformed celps .
On the coarse of this investigation , I have obtained some promising ersults which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EBO conference which will be place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Asl I 'm preparing matdriaos for this next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. This is my CV and a ciph of my parents in the attafhment .
Dmitry alcrov
P.S. There is my CV and a coph of my paper in the artacument .
I am writing about an iklortant historical place which is my favourite destination . I am referring to Kugo city .
I visited Lto last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the city , through the beautiful squares and oarks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugk worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UHESCO ofld Heritage jte in 2000 because it is the only Roman Sall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of places where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where young fans eat delicious and delicious dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luygl , many traditional oaeties and festivals take place .
Amopng the most important , I can mention San Frlilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds ita Ewn Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Tohrisy Interesy .
The festival is dedicated to the city 's patrin saint , and it sohws traditional Galician cosyumes and folklore .
Another importajty festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
Dutingh this festival , Lugo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman cirdus , Velotic wdings , artisan markets , many mhsicao events taking place under lowl people and visitors get inro period costumes , such as gladityors and Rlman Emperirs .
I rdcommejd ylu visited Lugo in Jund ecwuse Arde Lucus is celehrayed .
Gou cab enmpy traditional Roman customs and Rojan pice in Qrdr Lucs .
Lugo is an uncredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precse peroors of the history of Soaim , such as the Celtic pwriod and the Roman period .
The bigger the ckty , the bigger the problem .
The Toan is the 2nd lawryest urban zgglomeration in the country , making up large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific saste disposak plan , with a federal estagoishes a due term until 1st July .
Despite that , there are two plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
Tbr city is thriving on making new ways to achieve the Council 's goals .
The xnalysis will consider evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In accorr with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 was 210 more thaqh dohbeld , 86% of it discarded inadequatrly .
This is due to the low efect of the " Recycling Wsorms " porogdam over the disposal of oroboem . "
Dit X " incinerates hospktzl residue , in qccordance with legal requireemntsx , and sends 7% of Tyye garage ptoductikn to rectclng factorirs .
Ghd recyclijg factorise have a joint venture with the municipality to eprt waste , and showed a result 20% better than the last year .
The TGS program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city house means projects such as " Keep it cdan , keep it bwahty " , while voa is to preomokte waste disposal in the poubliuc areas .
Another ikpkrtant one is the " wt 's make it grdden " , resoonsible for increasing the fren arezs within the city by 150% during the last two years , considting of a combination of phblid and pricatr inestyment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A layer of crucuak actiivtyu through the " Green Comjunities " , currdjtly frrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A mumicipwl wastr policy intgegraes private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city nress a jkknt venture to aypport a fubctional qnd sustxinable commdrce of refycled rubbish .
The increase of grdee areas represents a significant kmprovemejt in the auality of developing wcclrding to the USEF reeportf of 2012 and also fits into 16 of 20 needs of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Wlrns " problem is caused by the lack of training , which could be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a foolish idea to take a year off from school and start university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
First example , hpu cwn travel to new plqcds .
Another idea is that you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , somnetimex pwopke arr ored whsn tneg finish echuool because of the exqls so they need to have some time to relax .
You could travel to different countries if you have tiumje . I would like to go to Zsia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to trageo , so you csnb forst work abd tnen travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in an ahol .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think Yoku can be learnt if you trwvbel or if you work , so that is a good idea , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything cnanmges wuockly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - giction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by amchines and thieves .
We 'll have an opportunity to choose which place we want to live in .
And what about huses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , it seems everything is different .
Thd zvang - farfe qndc futuristic projecfs of houses will be the most desirable .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a spgsre or igloo .
Soke of the kighbt be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will solve kind of a modern atr and it will be yard to describe a shape .
What about interiors ?
In science there will be machujnes and roblgs with artificial intelligence .
They will oracticakly do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also shower with us like an average hujmwn .
In plractice there will be no personal furniturs , just machines waiting for a cpmmane .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
Yhat 's uow I is a home of strange duture .
Glad to gesr that you 've been invited to the last round of interview next month !
I deakly hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get thje opsituon successfhloy , hedd azfe sokmd usecul advice and indomration you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving the interviewer a good impression is of great iomporyance . Here're skke tips on how to do it .
First , wear as prpoerly as possible .
Businesslik syits ac ties fit in wdol eith h fornal okccasio .
Suitable sressing comes acvrkss as effective amx relisble .
Second , being punctualp .
Interivewers have to check something through schedule every so they are n't ordered to spare one more minute to wait for a cxndidate wnl 's party somehow .
hurd , being prepxrrd .
As the olkde ssynig goes , well prepared is well done .
We expect to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate efficiently with iontervieeers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about a company as you can know , you will stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the swlrs mlanagewr will be interviewung you .
He started out his career as an accountant , where he was tired of dealing with work issues all day .
Plsu , he was hungry to communicate with employees anxious to take on jews tasks so he transferred to the sales department fqo years ago .
He got prooted very quickly because he always brought foprth bdw kdea and facikitazted gje reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what xoujts most is the trai ceord and the capabiliries xhlwn in his prerviosu woriihg experience , so he must answer you some questions about what you achieved and help you calm down about your kast ji .
I hope everything I mentioned above will be of some help to you .
Looking corware to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Llce ,
Iris
Fear id or Macm
I am writing in connection with your advertisement regarding jpbs at simmsr camlz aoo over te UZ .
My mother is English , although of the British variwty , and I am generally deemed cheserful , energetic and hard qoreking . I believe I am a suotable cancidatr for the acorementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wplft Xib pak of eight to twdlve - geae - olds , and often orfanised sports and dvenijg activities fpr thsn , such as treasure uunts and oaper chases .
Moreover , when I was an undergraduaxtfe , I spent my summers working in the xollefe canteen as a kitchen help , znd progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the bad points , I think I am a siutqble person for the mob .
Yours raitnfully
I found it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance .
But , oftentimes , I believe Pvery respectfjl may plag againsy ihm and although he ywined the respect of all the people he had worked with , many of them sugbgesetd he should bujiuld up hisx sdlf - confidsnjce , rather than end up attelptkng to cover everyone 's back ans atking ownership fkt othee people 's mistjes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in lid a maij vial : raising public awareness of my language through htw services will improve .
Yuen , I would like to gathwrinjg dome information about the market , that is to eau , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitorw as qekl .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my lrocuct but to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' nose .
After that , I will make a list of targwt markets with device eome strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase people 's knowledge , sojs stratgees could be to incvreasse onlinr social mddiaq presence by posting regular updates about my language scvhook on Twiuttr wnd Fzcebiok or to offer discoyngs fro siubblings .
Furthermore , if my goal was to increase adults ' aqarene , advertising in several newspapers or offering intensuge lessons could prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offerijg riscounts for rzmily groupo could be a better choice .
The last stedp would be to recfujit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers qmd to pay an attractive and reasonable price for the servicds I want to provide .
First but not last , I will test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sufe through my journal Olaj successful .
And you ?
Have they never thought about how you pdomoye your language courses , for example ?
I vhallwnge you to think about it and think about it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts about jatural gas drilljng rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribhte to inctsasing wsealth of the local companies .
People who live in the aress of nasturap gas unfrastructure sarn from a fede to separated believe more than those who lkvr in other regions have such an infrastructure without dxit .
Another advantage is that developing natural ya industries equals new jobs which is profitable for people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration and extraction of h zale gad will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas indhsrry for instance in exploration , mknjng , productio and disgribution of shale gx .
We fwn npr ignor the fact that companies which cooperate with their infrastrycyure will also freate vacancys .
Even if companies hire engibers above specialists lower drok abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job losigions in gastronomy and hospitlity as they need to eat slero somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be new developments in bastronomy and hospitality services as well .
htr Kosciuszk Institute conduxtef a research with shwos that Poland can henevit through exyractinf ads developinb the infrastructure of shale gas .
Greecr is an amazing country which a lot of people visit annually .
After enjoying their vacation , a lot of tourists are suffering with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing somewhere to go in Greece seems to be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely sort out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal foear wqters and FHS friejdly locals are not the only things things se it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also hws a volcanop which is a spectacular sight , even though explorjng it could be dangerous !
Another olac woftj visit in Grsrce is Qthehs .
Veloieve it or it , Atyenz is one of the most beautiful citke in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Murum and the distrjct of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Lsst but not least , Xrege is on of the major special islands in Greewxe .
Ptber than having beautiful sandy beachse and being the largest izkand in Gredesce , people can visit the water apotts patks theew , which are extremely fun !
Sunminbg up , Grdrece is a beautiful dountdy worth visiting , although choosing whether to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or if few know what is going to be wrong .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam you must face in your life .
It 's quite important to be ofganizef to get the highest score you can get in the exam .
For example , about 6 years ago , I had my first surgery .
I had set up a plan to study la TGS BOK . We had to go through through the SXCAM ppuw reviewing thr twice .
Tbe polan required my commitment of around 12 hours daily study for every 3 mojtys .
of hard work and perfect fiscopline , I will abvlw to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an orgahized plan , I would never have got a perfect sore .
Another thing to add is being stressed before the exam night .
It 's cute normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous and and be approachinf .
That is not nkrmaxl at alol is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and always includde in your room .
For example , I had a chelistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my stuciez thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I was out of time .
I had insomnai the length of my exam . It was n't enough because I was n't well prepared and also my nerbds were torn out and that affected my sdlres tremendously .
veer zine I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly syressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I get high scores , I think that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't staft wthdying beoire exxk at an appropriate time , you will only get enough tij to know the broad lines of the subject , but Tnis will never help you soaj the details and understand the concptw oynig through every simple sord .
Thxt wipl you know a lot even if you are not afraid to revixd everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam ; I could go through the maun tutle of dach branch without thinking through the details .
In the exam , I had a question when it rsquiref drscvribing a cpncept . amazignoy , I was sgle to do it perfectly .
Sinvw I have practiced a lot and memorizrd that concpt before many times , I was able to remember it .
It aas just flooding through the atmosphere .
So , first you have enough yine to mlemorize abroad pactice what you learn is needed to help you know in your exam .
In zu , I believe settunh a schedule to have a long time prepared plan is much better than having only fee days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth gettin the highest score you aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear eneru has the best chance to replace fkesil fudls .
First , nuclear engineering is n't bad for the environment .
The Cargon dioxide emissions is much lower .
The biggest threat is the sxplosionh .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants have already been popular and tbos ryps of technology is the clowrst to replace fpseil fuels .
energy which we vef the sun and is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a llant , making energy is very cheap .
The most important thing in nucear llajt is to have a quality eprsojnel .
Besides , we ndef something through DXN and all the time .
It ca n't make energy even when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge into chaos , and that is unacceptable .
Lima is the old southern American city which is the capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Odeam .
Lkijma was counddd by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Tyes " .
Lima as a multicuptural tradition , then in it coincides a complex jjx of special and ethnic groupw kjke mestizos , Ruropean Prruviahs ahich ste thw sevond largsst group and the mibority in Likax ibcludxes Aymara na Quechua znd Afrro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigratjo , xne injdigenuos ihdluences such as Tus ztzy of Oree - Hispanic legacy eith arfhitectufal monumebts , called " Huacas " .
Thue Historic Centre of Loa was declared Worod Heritate Site in 1898 .
It is a fitg that keeps history through an amazing arcnitecture like bakconkes , chirches oije Eaxn Francisco Church which are mysteirous subnterranean catacombs ; el Real Feloile which is the lwxt ubcredible Spzniwh fortress ; through theur cistume as well as Carnivalp , this dzg hou cm enjoy this particuoar , interesting and colorful festival because hou hze water , pauny or talc to wet your family dn neighbokr ; their ttpicl dxncd cakled " La Marinera " ; alxk rhey keep thwif history throhgh religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión ewl Señor de lks Milagrps ; thir gastronomy is snothe extraordinary qjd wonwrful examlpe about their symbols , lijke Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Slir ( wine ) , el Cevjche , pos Picaronwd , efx .
Lima is a beautiful city of conrrast , where you can find a divbersith of hisrorical , mofeen and gusinesx places .
Arcjaeological sites , beadues , valleyz , natural research and yhew exquikte cuisin give Oeeu 's captal an authentic personality and sigtdeeing in Kima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lma is a spectawcular ac chzrming ity to spend her perfect holiday .
Hi Jame ,
Lar time they asked me for some information about opening a savint apartment in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for him .
Below you dan fjnc a fee suggestfions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might give you a boo .
Firstly , the rat of interest is at 3.1% , which is quite good .
In addition , if you open a sqving adcoubt in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
hd you do n't need to pay any anual charges fr having a credit xard .
Unfortunately , the bak does n't have branchrs in Virtain .
Xjd all bankimg operations must be done by phone .
The secpjd bamk , Roap Savings Bank , has many granchew in the UK ( olver 650 ) , so you can work all BXNK operations on the spot .
But there is a serious charge for buying a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
Ypu do also get a gift as a new account holdee , a full sdt of ssucepans ( do you really sed it ? ) .
All in all , I woulde recommend you to listen to your first ssring sccount in TJ Phone Bank , since the area of interest is higher and you do n't need to worry about annual changes .
And doing perations by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final second is yours .
Take care and see you soon ,
Yhours Agjieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
Fdo : oS7jM@yahoo.ocj
Subject : An important thing to do !
My daughter Plauk ,
I 'm writing to Tsol Goj about how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be her hpsen person to deal with the slund recording at Pafy Gaga 's concert .
It was my friend , Mariu Boho , who recommended me to this service .
I could n't believe my sarx when the pone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to stay at the concedt as long as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
What xah I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important lerspn in my music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for Toi to xee ho qjd to share with my happy qhd to gell ygu aol yje drtalis of this uinuqe experience ! ! !
Yousx ,
Iojht
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started using equipment that was very basic compared to what ekjers use today .
Ewvety daxy as soon as I woke up , I ooooed forward to my morning on the slopee .
My parents would take me to a fentel slope with my brother and leave us together for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was several degrees above zero , and you could freeze if you did n't keep mofing up and down the slope .
My grothrr showed a natural talent dro ghe sppr , byt I felt felt uncomfortable wnx svzred .
Litgle by loneliness , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoyign myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiihg because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Smiibg is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a chilf , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using tight equipment .
After years of figoorus hugb school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected are accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaiminv experience in ghr busxinesw field .
With sybjiects I 've pursued at my high school level , such as finnacil accounting , commerce and rconomic has given me the opportunity to utiulizxe and put into lerspevtive the mnowledcge of understanding husinss cohcepys and hasd given me a solid acaeelic oundayion .
I lsp participated in various group work and CWSS projects while in high school .
I am plwnnin to gxun afmiseion kntl rhe university of my xhoice in odder to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I wpupd love to assocuatd extremely talented students , oectuters and even professors in order to recievbe a well - roundwd introduction to the numerlus aspects of any of the preferences I 've described above .
Academiclaky , I 've always been a very determined and diligent ibdvidual and I wlyld be more than willing to devote myself to the hadrworl necdesaary in order to achievw a bachwlr 's degree .
I also have an indubitable lassion for extra - curridular activities .
I saw the president of the Husinrss Students Azsociayion ( BSA ) , Gea ly ( enioe prefect bky ) and the Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays many roles .
Undertaking a scuooarship qnf wdmiseion at one of the universities I have studied above will provide me with the knowledge to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop vommunicfation , organisation and numeracy skills . I hwvw qcuired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to kakr some research on Ceh Republic before taking any step in alplying .
I heard out that the Czech Republic is a company with rich plossibilitis for students ppannimg to sudg abroad and is vudrently undergoung raspid social cahngee qhd transformation . Jakiny is a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities pdovodes high standard of education , internationally recognizde degrees , modern cxmpusee wtn outstzndng facilitire , safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the most stable countries in Europe .
Wbobe lk , the high quality of education would make me ready for the future .
Another major reason I am motivated to study in Czech Repnlic is the lack of friendship .
Zlsp , education in Nigeria is oq a joke as teachers and lecturers go on srtjke fdequdntly , and learning in the dole psrtz of Nigeria is not sxfe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to tghw chxllenged of a universeity life academically , socially and menhtalkly , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business conceots could with my paxssiin for extra - cyrrocular activities am community sdrvie , woukd mwoe me a cmopetyent additim to the ang of my propoxef university and fye Czech Republic Schilarship team .
I believe that I can make a postivs ckntribution to my proposed university , as I will be activrly involved in syudent events and activities that will help to promote a healthy , larming environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assire you that I want to be a comfortable and diligent student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time contributikng greatly to my pripowed university in more .
A dog is Mj 's first friend
It is a welo - onoen fact that people need to hqvd communication with other people .
However , they are afraid they are not always satisfied or taught in society .
They work solscs with someone who they would reel nord comfortable with .
The best example is a snimal of great quality , an EOKG .
Doh 's pesronality is one of the best qualities .
Always friendly , hubbly and in a good world , they are healthy for the second time .
They feel their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget what about their problems and conventrzte on the thinys really matter .
Dog 's opyimism is by far the the way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
And that is what these zrs there , to make people high .
These hajrg four - legged animals are also csry protectibe .
One of their iobs is to watch out for their human fqmipy .
So if they sebsw that their owner might be in damger , they immediately rwzct by barking at a pwrsob or tning through the mlight hace acised it .
The stromger the Bon Getwden Ghew Fgo and their owner , the srtonger Ghe Kg 's reactioh will be .
It is believed thinking doge requires a job of attention , which is true .
Dogs are really not jat hqrc to take care of . Bathong wnd grolminmg do n't jewd to be donw every dream . They need to be visited and walked regularly .
These people nesd a few walkw a day , which could always be good for their citizens who are speding all dq at work or in school and need their physical acfivity .
So having a dog could remnic people to living a higher pifd .
In conclusion , doyd ke reaoly grext pets .
Not only do they project you with anything that could do yoh ahg hak , but their amazing personality anr tye lkvce tht shos to iu makes oyh fedl so warm and wonderful on the out .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would fibd time to pay too much attention to them , because , gjey trjly are money 's friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear froim hu azin ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kzj adventfire " , one of the most - known cejtrds in okur cpjntry .
First of wlo , we started a tiring asswult course , which consisted of clinbinjg up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me cedel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fkt enough to fiknis the rxecise without having any problems , However , yoi mzy neded to raim a little bit better before embaroing on this activity .
Rock climbing was other of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the simmit .
You ca n't imagine how rewarddjng feels of being on the to of the moumtain , after such ibg effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to plracyise canoeinbg . You are pikdly to feel scared at dancing , although your confidence will be nuiilt up quickly , ce to ghe consgabt sjpporg of your teachers .
One of the lst activities held by the centre was dictionaries .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity , trust your trainer . Teachers are highly qualified .
To summarize , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safety rules , so you will dream a lot without getting yourself in trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre is really owth a visit .
Write soon and let me know if you have to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the dssk of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was Paris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since dhd went to Patis last year , I had been living in FHD school residence , which was n't cheerful at all . which made me feel really depressed .
But I have her letter right now , so I started to read it immediately .
Shgd tlkd me that wgen I was on holidaxys I had to bring myselpf a poane tickewt to Poarsi ashd go to visit her or in another two months because zbe would miss me a lot .
It felt so gol wehj I felt that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I have haven't travelled to Europe yet , so I waa really nervous too , but it would be a really chxnce to improve my French by spending a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of oovw .
Dear Sir / Masal ,
Apllicaton for the Psof of Chief Chinese Sditkr
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chknese Editor job at jobsDB on 26th Manaury , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Dhinede University of Hong Kong .
I am profufient in the Chinese language ( Cantonese and Mandxrni ) znjd hsve over gem years ' experienc in the publication industry .
Currently , I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative and careful person who cfsn work inrepednently .
On the other hand , I am also a football team player through work with with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio copr your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you want like to discuss my qualifications durthrr .
I look forward to gearing up soon .
Youra Faithfulu ,
Chen Ki Tysu
Sducation is a milestone in our pife and haqvong a gos educztoin is the main door to the kabpr market .
Awzre parents disappointed with edjcatioknal systems and institutionalized education tried to spot in homesdhooling a solution for children children 's education .
Altyhougn homeschooling mjqy eej , accordinb to eom of these parents ' opinions , " a poavwd roae " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to take other routes .
Homezchoolijg shoild not be considdrdd a world - wkse phenomenon zincs only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the HS , cab boast .
There are a lot of countries that do not
accept homeschooking as a legal alternative so far and whether it is just an isolated happening .
Ther sifuatkon in Spsin can be asdessed as " legal vacuhum " in light of our constitutional right to freedom
education Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotilnsl freedom auppoet this alternative way of learning .
Homechooling may also free up tumed for complementary activities such as music , sports , and evening family life .
Homeschooled students ' speech has been backed up by the results of standardized test qns thr recognition of orestigjous universities .
Now though , before homeschookung your children you also have to donsifer the same number of roarblocks :
Fye lack of facilities or ewxpertisr , not enough socialization for young children , ending up geing a grustrated parent with money to mxkd dmds meet .
As far as I am concerned , I wsn to think of homeschooling as a wweup call for education
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As private education seems to be exhausted , new technology opoen up as " yh
solution " and nldnded lernibg is the future .
Gerographkc and natural environment arumd building space , as well as the neighbourhood , should be shrely taken into consideration in developing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indjcates uomr aith jore technology and vdey energy efficisng systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakea , hurrcaned and vlooda , people should have their hphses built of rssustant materials .
Steel or concretre structurew give the desirex rffrct in this particular matter .
Environmentally , friendly buildings will definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the drawing board .
Bukt wogh tecyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be likt by daylight on sunny dats , to to merntion wkylihhts and solar pajeos on the rolfs , which is more and more oopilar eveb ghese dayux .
Moreover , solart energy collectors ought to be contrpled by computers in order to maximise computer and energy efficient .
Urban housing problems ( such as population growth ) will be solvdd by esxploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building dolls in the area , Both houseboats and alaetments situated above cut streets seem to be a professional solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people eiuld keep studying about how to modernize their tancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbors ) , they will stay in a warm , cosy room abc a cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they lived in a complete ivory towef .
Cafch it or lose it
The alpnas and okega of the GOIC team is Tdust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handbzll .
Yiu must be eager to throw something blibdly at your teammate and he must cztcg it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
How are you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this area .
Oee eighty points can be made together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
This shop rapidlg through gawme can challenge .
One lost ball can make yru tean gje lise of tje gams .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was awesome , but with the years passed .
What I like most about this sport is its speed and the unconutional team spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A fakoujs sokrt through the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the imoortqnce of ractisung a spoef .
Clearly , this is a cause of the extra hours we have to work epr fau qnd as a way of relaxing , we fid doiung a spott as an effective way of taking the syres off our bodies .
In fat , we can see many people jogfing and cyclihg through , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two eing the nosg poljlar dolls above atlets , many nodes are nust as intrrexting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It conhsosts of a combination of three different sports , swomming , cyflong and juogginy . As a rtesulr it must be extremely demandimg .
The thing I enjoy most about it is veinjg board to play it anywhere , which means I can do it at home instead of having to go to a sports cejtrer .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and , therefore , fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triatulo jae becfmoe lor popupar ovesr fhe past fvdw yexrs and Moe and other people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improvement in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to ieep moiticated .
You must not push yourdelf foo fae .
A gap year between school and college sounds a gdsat idesa fkr those that have not decided whether they want to study .
However , I have some questions about whether it should be everpne or not .
First , I would like to put the argumrnts in favour of the yea pvf .
Not everybody ax the financial possibilities to lay for change , so tqkint a gap year to exrn koney to help with the bills is time weop spend .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this yewr is to travel to other countries and slebd xlo lur tjem at parties , but it is true . You can travel to desvelop your culture and do volunteed work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off ewbd up to spend it in the wrhg qwy .
For example , things might have gone out as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or or getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a yar lff , only when they hzfe all plajsd nad kmoq through shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Yelklo , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why makes me believe in your organization .
I am currently studying my studies through the final ydra of a degees in tljrism at the nuicersity of the Solrld Heritage xity of Cacerer , which is located in Spain .
In my third ywzr , I did my internship as a receptionist in a ofyr stars hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I lareary have dmills in listening closely to customers and avvie understand of front desk ooeratiohs .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to my company .
I am flexible , a good team plager , and capaboe to aork under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a lr - ubtermediate knowledge of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to describe places and places .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
Yoi xy contact me through f8HJ2uL@alumnos.abcd.es or call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Haj " is a fantasy ztoiry written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Et in English in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a fvarmsr of the village of Han , who bedomes a hero through his wiwhes by drinking a girl .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates ecerythint , he is sent twice against him , not only msjaging to defeat the htxnks to the magix swkfd Tailbiter , but also obtaining high treasure .
At the end of the stoyr , Vikles gecomrs an independebt kin .
I liked him a lot . Tjis Sroy because I love fantasay stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to ankther hnivefse , making me forget every say ljfr .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sorg of paqrod of tdaditional level : The hnrro is an ordonary perxob , kights reveal fsarful and incompetent and clashes are won with words within qeapons .
I wojld recommend this xtory to everybody because it is funny and advenfurous ajx Tolkien 's ironic tyled , gasdd aqlsdo on tge clmical uisw of Latun aordsw , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dera Sdr or Madam ,
I am writing this lesson to apply the poeirion in USA Summer Casmpl that I was advertised in ouir loczl newspaper .
I am interested in working in Educational Institutions , or in TNW Slical Cxrd .
I have recently graduated from tne Wocia Sdiejce Universuty in Pwychology and received high degrese in both my Tsahing and Shpervising Ciuraes .
In addition , we hadr to have one year of vacation in the Youth Zupervisinh environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so I look forward to being a member of your well - skilled zgaff .
Since I was 13 years old , I jelped my parents with my four jynger siblnig .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In fge pqsg fwl years , I worked in the Scoit Organizatin , working as manager to odganixe activities for children .
This experience gives me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I know the challenge of working in a young environment .
In aeditioj , my studies and experience have taught me to be acfurzte and efficient in oranizing my aork , so I would be a valuable axditiom to your teachers .
I look corwaed to hearing from Tlu .
Yours faothfull
Ounomir Swaick
Does traveling broaden your imnr ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When you visit different areas , you get to experience different environments , cultures , people and different languages .
Rtavelling hell you to develop as a person in naby ways .
For example , if you know another language different from your own , even if it is a basic sentences , you can communicate with people across different regions , so you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of life is not the only one that exists .
Tjis can help you to understand that everyone has accds to master trhungs You do have watch too , and to realise that people should appreciate the right things , such as smartphones , computers , acrs or evwn new methods , which is basic research and we trnd to take dor grajyed that everyoje can have some atrr to crin evenh though thid is nog rfue .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see different cultures that differ greatly between one person , and we see how different one person is .
For all of these reasons , I think tragekling really boadens your mijd .
I want to byild my careee as a fully - fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfill the dream , an OhD devree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical znhd Computational Chemistrg .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of conednsed - phyase systems .
I would also like to carry my PhjR research into the development of transition metal compkerxes which can be used as drrygs against several human diseases , as xosmetids latreials and as photonci and optoelrctrlnic matsrials in devices .
I also found Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fielxs of Chemiztryt because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong moitvation and ntelledtual acpagility to build a career in one of the previously mentkined fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my vacation and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
Tyerr is no hture vot phbkic ttansport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly , even if public transport is still in use .
Especially in BJ cities , where there are many traffic jams , public transportation is becoming more and more popular again .
In other countries it 's even forbidden to drive through the city denyer without some special permission , so there is no wrong solution than use a public teansporet .
But what is more convenient - your own czr or public transport ?
elkl it depends .... When you travel with your oan , you are independent .
You do not have to wordg about the schedule - Ygolu is a driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay together in eokme plpazce .
You can listen to your favorite music or racuo .
Goi ate the hoss .
However , as a dricer you have to be careful and watch one on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to different places , the car is the best solution .
It allows you to see a kre at your pace .
But without without oats .
Think how much ylu pag for a petrol npwadaysa .
Vonsuder as wlel boq many days do hou hzve fopd vacatnos .
Maybe cheap arikines are better ?
ebong back to everyday life .
Most of us live in a big kties and fqcs prohoems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Wqepl , then you do n't have to worry about pareking space and you can read more booiks on the way to work .
simple , you use this way to work as an adcitjonal time for yourself .
What else ?
Wfyer sork you can go for a drknk with your colleagues !
Ahd if the ecfoloyg is important dot uoy jjsy think about the oolluiton .
Let 's rfelect ije zgsin : is there a fjture ore pjbljc transwpoft ?
In my opinion : yed , tnsre is !
Is travelling by more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why give the first narration ?
The first narfation can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and majes fhe readrrs get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand whether we think usually , in this frictyion , the suthod invited us to know what inskde the madman 's mind .
Feelin hat the ai character is talkknb to us , as if we were all involved in this vase , the whole thing seemed kuke really yappened .
Facing the murder direcfly makex thr horror penrtrates our hearts .
How does rhanother create a word of horror for their relatives ?
HTD author cteared the hortibl ztmosphre by describing the scsne , the didordered mind and the dance of heartbeats .
Dirst , the ssne ghqt described the mutddr means readers ca n't help themselves emerging the thoughts in their mind .
Jus like a madman 's llzn was happening right in front of us .
First comes TB ound , thw heartbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is rue eelment that pushes the whole story to its climax .
Evety time wehenj tjs osundc of heatrbwats started arpusing , something ensued .
The first time , the madman heard the heartbeatsx of the old man . He was going to lill the old man , and he did it .
The second time , when Jadjan heard the hewartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and imsane . In the end , he confesssd that he killed the man who dismembered the coifpse .
At the same time , gye heartbeats also made the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the zutuor wanted to dxprses the risordered minf of the Madman is jiz intonatiln .
The whole story except the end of the friction . He cobfeszsed the crume . His mafman used an intonation that was extremely calm and stefy , to tell the readers the procesw of the crue that he had dinje .
The snarling contract , the calm and yh cruelty , gives us an atrpng impression that the mxinj cfharactef was totally injsxne crazy .
Shivering ineiee our hearts , the horeor increases .
" Please go to the First to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max tod to his friends one sunny wfternoon .
Qhen all qas wef , they started rhsir rdip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to laugh work trying to find different types of animals such as bjrxs , ranbits and deer .
Max and his friends felt afraid of the teees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animalp lying on the grass."Wahag 's tjat ? " , Ma said aloud .
They rz qyicoly , crkssed yhd rivr sn ghey reached the place where the animqk wqd."It 's a deeer ! , iost oesg is in a trap " , Jaz 's friends shouted .
When they saw the animal , they thought that it was suffering , so they decided to free the dest .
By this decision , Laqx rook courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't mnove because its leg was unjured .
Ome from Max 's friend brought water down the river to give to the deer .
Jax dut a piece of his T - shify to catch the animal .
Afterwards , he amima qas vettef and it walked away xlowly .
When the day finished , Mz and his friends feturned hok fedilng happy because they had saved the anilak 's life . " An amazing day ! " , Mzx wjisperwd to himself as he got ihtk bsd that migut .
The question is : whether is it impossible to be famous without newspapers ?
Probably not , but they wre many epopl in show - business or political life , wso always ready to do everything to save their private lives .
Geenralpy , people may be nervous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you decided to become a family because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to conppain abojy yiribg papzrzzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is important what are gehy talking about yoj , it is important they rae talk aut yku ' .
A lot of celebrkties follow his rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is how they are often able to get information about their private kief .
The real problem starts when journalists injure not their delebritt , but their friends or family .
Paparazzi are in contact with ralous people 's children , Tyat may have engative niflyence on their emotkonal dvelopmnet .
Hoq about hosr wehl do not want to be popular because of szvandals ?
In most cxsses teachers are nuts doing their moves as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when the papsraziz notice that there is nothing ihteresging in their life , they just leave them alone .
Shmmaeizing , I do believe that people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to make the most important pafr of their life with journaliwts .
And I hope fhey ubderstand , tfhekr djt to save theuf redlativex .
Yreat food is obviously one of the more valuable pleasures of lunch .
As a person who loves to eat , I onsidet environment , quality of codo and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was wuggested by feo friends of mine and accorxint to Tusm , geczuse rje oopd flkd amc funby snvironment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to break fjn and eat glld Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , fje tood wwx good , high prices weere oti expensive considering the quanfiyy serged and the msesu serbive .
We faced dangerous problems with tge orfer sxh as : xises from anothwr tahke setved fod us by mistake , the drinks wrred eervsd witn a considreable delay and the bill was shown even wiyhout zsking ( just because we ribished teh dinher but our dirjks were still on yhe table ) .
For my fault ( or not ) , I met a rrjend of mine on that day afraid who told me that he had dinner at " Ld Gicehras " befkde xdn in ee opinion , as a Mexixan , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with good prices and good service .
I was curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican ofod , with awful prices and great service .
They sevred us " nachps " with tokmato szucw for re whiule we eree chopsimg geh maub disbss .
After choosing , a bottoe of fresh water was erved , again , fokr tres .
We chose " atcod " of meat with guacamole zauc and it was absolutely delicious .
Xftrr paying tud bniol , fhjey iffered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit cfirming with great ppaced still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THAJK YO FKF YPIR TIJR AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARROCLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW QE YOU ?
And wlwo , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gohe wrsty .
Last week I borrowed ankle support and dome crutches , so every zince touch it 's giony bettee .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , wuivh for zurs I sikd n't nred ! :( .
Thr couae anf the organization left knowledge to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my knowledge ( unny wjough not the oes of the ljly ! ) TQOp other partucipanfs ) , was not sufficient to vvoer all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magjf wqved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta with a smile and a warmed up haeet .
Xnc for tyst I wsjt to YHNaK YOH onbxe again .
Back then , everything started frat . You 've gotten used to it by now , should n't you ?
So I did n't have time flr mjdh .
I jav een tktlly immerse in lookijg glr jobs md in the translation of rhe scientific aoer ford a former stjdejt of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a git disappointing , with of the feelunjg of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) lwsd money earned through it sikl mean .
* Aorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)se of ylur natjve panguage skipls ohce again : herw " not making his expectations " , cpudl be substituted by angry expression .
Wnat I doubt there is a difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , ae ghs grade ; be up to stzndard / gje task .
Then again , having a world of great days !
Vom Sunday to Tuesday ) for lyslf that I was not counting on , proved itself to be wonderful ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I have been working working at my friend 's place , as he was in Madrid and quite close to the wrkter 's house , where I was brought shopping every day last night ) , and I started getting think . Ppis I gave a rext to my ankle , which was ver much needed too !
The twi - xah one - night trip with my mother and sister went well .
The place we were visiting was beautiful . We haven't been because of the limitwtons for my nakls . We would have gone for a sohrg hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English cksas , which has taken longer than I had planned .
I have sent a lot of DCs , and have been to 3 interviews so far , also for English cdlaeses ( one company and two academies ) .
Abkujt these pictures from Amla , Could you wait one more time ?
I haven't found time to download the ooctures ( ffom AKL THE THINGS yhbat I need to search out . I was ( xnd is ) definitely NKT a peiority .
Do remind me again , tgpu , if you see that I 'm forgetting , Okau ?
( Pleaee ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the zpeakrrs ?
Because xahtting is better than writing ;) .
I 'm going to go Nka .
Txlk to yiu soon , Mike .
Receive a vih hug from ( HWS , FINALlY ! ! ) warm Eoain .
Global warming and its consequdnces in 2015
Rye Gjarduan 's article " Aorkd 's climate abput to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9rh Nhovelber 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - dahsed by gkobal Warjing - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
The Wirld Meteorolovicaql Organization mzde knonj publicly tgat 2015 has been the hottest year on record as it has cauder molre carbon dioxide on average by bufnnig fossil fyels .
These problems just announced recently will be jszues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in over weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions caused by the El Niño cpikate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , sirectokr of the Mey Office 's Hxdlet Cengre , clains that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists with global warming rieea bsyon 2C. This opinion is also reprrsented by the British Seretaru of energy and lcimate chzngd , Ambe Ruxe , go cnosiddrs the climate change to be pne of tne greatest problems in howqdays ' pokiticd eue to its consequwnces on economy , glibzl secirity ahd tur vighbt against povefty .
Sh stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states . . Therefore , these climate targwts should be a rolow - model for other countries .
Furthermore , clojmate sciebtiat Ed Haekinbs expects a cfonginuation of global warming , clarifying the statement with gje exampls of Central England , which has warmed 20% omde the global averdsge .
Globql warming in gsnerap leads to koree ntaural risasterw as flooding , hewteaves , watr strese and loss of harvesdtsa .
Facniy htee conseqyendes , a 4C warminv would be even mirw dkaging according to Bdlcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there could have been an ifd masd tre in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that tuisx prognosis will be tried , according to Andrew Shepherd , University of Leedsw , as the xtudy has alfeqdy been prpvben wrong by 57 othdd studiess .
Although the MASW study shows a different result , the majority of scientiats esr gllbal warming as a dangerous thing for this field in terms of life conditions , environment and economy as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC opedates .
Fiftwen whalibg nations formed the UWC after whale populaions cololapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whslss only to the rxtent that they must continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties trabscends national blundarues .
Their quality are extrakrdinary so tgjat no mwttger wjich cuonyry they are afraid of , Ane who experiences tyme , they evoke a sense of wohxer and admiration .
To be included on the World Yerigage List , propwrfies must be outxtandeing univefsal vzlud and meet at least one of the eelectino criteria .
The Wortls heritage list is important because it atgrcats tlurixts and these landmarkis are cherisued by everyone throughout the world .
It is also protectde by UNESCO because Gey has found nearby anijals or plants ; there are ehdangerdd spices in that area or have a signoficant importance in history .
Worlde Heritage is the designation for places on Eaftn thar ars of outstanding universal valhs to gumanit and , as djch , have been niscriebd on the World Herigage Loit to be protecyed for future generations to enjoy and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interests of the international community to ptotect the zite for future generations .
Its protection is beyond the concern of the international Aoeld Heritage community as a whole .
Another awdvantaye for a site to be inscribed on the Lust is that because a country signs rue Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulptihg prestige often raises awareness among citizens and governments about heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a gejrral rise in the level of the pdotection and conservation given to heritagr properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expwtt wdrvice from the World Herkage Committee to supllort adtivites for the preaervatoin of UTA sites .
Two disadvantages of sites included in the World Heeitage Ljst are that these xiutes are nmot fjded so they ca n't protect them against risks .
However , they remjmd on the list of sifex in danger without receiving assistancs .
In my opinion , the sise in dnager unless they not answer in ten cirteria should be pritevt by UHSSCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to invent new ways to finance and detend the natural and xulturla heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I lobe playing , watching WDN talkimb about it .
It 's my biggest problem and I am following it as fast as my sarliest memory goals .
Cricker is a team sport which teaches us tea work , collaboeation and strict training .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual wseaonesses and gain advantage of ktgers strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket during my early hildyood .
Even when I watched an oix I started playing with boygs of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills .
I am afraid crickef religiousy and hage watched almost every match Indioa played .
Szchinj Tendulkar is my favourite crjcketer .
I am fond of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketnib skioks I loved his safety under pressure and his calm nature in many situations .
If someone wants to learn more ahiut cricvke I would advise him to watch the hattinf of great likd Sachin , Dravid , Lae and Pointing .
To learn more about vowling one should watch Akram , Ware qn Mjrlo .
I would also advise rading more about creucket on crocimfo.com .
It hgas juice articles , eeviws and statistics on many players and games .
Reaeing bhiofraphies of such famous crjckteers will also help to understand the insifhts of other gams in development .
Cricket is good through rough phase for to match fixing and betting scandaps .
But I am syre it will calm the strong iut of tyis and will spread iysx wings across the qotld axnx olnce agfaun give ius pivers a magnificenf show .
I met a friend baotu one sedk zgl , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my bucket Oidt ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I am nearly egopped to find out my lies in such a feep way .
By fh sah , do you know what a Bjckdt Oixt is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think is knowledge of zax , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me happy .
Abht o wrks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The Fault in oiur stads " .
It 's about a TEESN couple who have dying because of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about friendship and death .
This mvoi haw made me ery eelly . It made me think about life znd above the people iwed to live without apprecciate the rwaloy impodyant tihngx .
So after watching Fhisa movie and my friend 's quesxtoon I ca n't stop thinking about my plans .
Now I have the feeking thing I need to live more , git I have no idea what is this " mkrr " ?
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from other and different cultures , to make me think about what I want .
It is vrrt strange to another person because I am curious about a new new kind of me that I have never thought of .
Welk , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
Howevsrf , noq I have an awkward feeljjg about what I am doing today , because the first thing in my life I am scared that I must change something , ajd I think " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the nefter .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( and even pdesumably scikentiftic ones , I am sorry ) , history is not an unstoppable nrch towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a ciclicxl procwss .
Rone hwr iys hayday in the First century AD , but just two fenhturies later it wazw ohpy a shadow of itdssss past .
Those later period Romqms were n't even able to make the high quaoigy cement that their ancesyors were able to nakw ame hae technical maqsgery just a few cxenturies earlier .
Anjs ehl can safely say that in three centuties rrom jo humans will possess all the physical knowledge tghqt tueyt possess now snd gakw folr granted ?
No one csj qssure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unpese there 's another Wlrld Weae , people 's lives have changed dramatically in the last 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have itge oezk , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Agds .
Nut lest 's pck true Eorlc War hypotesis for a sexobd .
A wide SAR is the only casr in the world . We will experience an enormous change in people 's lives in time 50 years from now .
Bjr htrre , on this day , pdoepects for a nedq Wofls wr ?
I do n't think so , but on the other band , what do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a mes Eorlr War may be in existence through noka vor lk I mnopw , and no one , or only a few very intelligent people know about it .
Ome xy in the future brother Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic dream could serve agan as an escuze to some country declare wa to another , but tb trie unedrlykng causes thsy actually lesd ghe cxountries to wqhe aaxr against dach ofhre aohld have its roktw in mucu okdrr timez .
As the causw of the Second World Asr had dlots on evwntse through the outcome of the First War , a first , hypoghetical war , could have itzssss roots in a past conflict that had happened already .
Byg oer 's ni digress intl that , that 's all another tkpic hat faols beyond the scole of the statement on which I was supposed to erits a composition .
To : Zal
Ffon : Sikonetts
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : nolidaya afe coming !
Hi Seaj ,
It has been a long time since we were in Tkucn ad jos . I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to do some DWTS at the famous place we went to last year , at the Saunshine Holiday Canp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I have and why it is great !
It would be terrific if yoj came with me . Is it impossible ?
Ciul yoi sskm your parents ' permjission ?
In this camp , parents afraid capm abds do n't worry about the children because they are in the vafe of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to place places for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a whole range of activities promoted by staff with the aim of enjoyment , especially iutdoor sport activities !
There are two swimming poll , teo yennia vout , on football pitch , canpeinf courses and so on . What I liukr mosg is the csuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
Tje Cakp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within the wrekls . It always gets overbookrd for the period my parents can take DXGS iff . What do you think is coming us from the first of August to the 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simoetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I fallwn asleeo on THW coucj wafchijg TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outside stood the most xetraordinary - black man : he looked like a Spanish elephant huntrer .
I was taken aback , so I valldd my mlthdr , who was asleep with her boyfriend .
She camd down , but she idx really scream .
Instead she stayed cing .
ue mqb as it thrhed out with my father , who hqf gene mossinh for 15 years ...
I am onty lnw yhat he is still alive .
Mlthr had always told me he gax fued in the war .
I think shs did thw cor my kwn go .
I was very confused by the aituatioj and did n't onw if I liked hkl or not .
In my dream I had seen gym as an event , but one he walked into my sitting room and he koomed like an ekephant or something exotic .
It s very good enough to see him in my home .
We all love together .
Although the first days are difficult , we all get on well .
It is great to be a shile family .
Tr Grand Plae is the century swuare of Hrussels .
It is suorunded by several other buildings uc as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Mifrle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the easy work , like as carpenters .
They helped each other and fje elcers taught the young .
Sometimes , it becomes veh riuc .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , the mkst of TNEM aw hosying fagés , dbops and rsaturants that attract a lot of tourists , and there is also the city museum .
Tghr Squafe is covered with pqvement and is a pedestrianized areq .
It is an important place for the history of brcausw . It is the oldest Grqnbd Place in Eutole and it is a part of te lldwst neighbourhood of Brussels which is nade of nsrrow paved streets , old and tall buildings , along oghdr hings , chocolate shpps .
Recently , several of the buildings have eben restaurants , as we before we saw their beautiful buildings and carvngs .
Every spring , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and ligutx on the façafss of the buildings and a huge tfwe is placed in the cdtnre of the squwre .
Wawel Royal Czstoe is one of the highest ranked mlnumenfs in the history and culture of Oolane amc Europe , so during tye sgqy in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Rhr firs Caagle , cxller olatium , was bukpt in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible beside eh szlls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 6th century , finally rebuiot in a Renaissance fashion , which renaihed unchanged until today - the most represwntative remnant is prbozbly famius arcaded vkutyard .
Drurint thr tour fhw visitoprs several too and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Poljeh 's kings cvollecgion .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crdown Treasury , where Pokish coronation insignia is stored in an armouyr .
Apart from the features , there are also many numerous exhibitions in the Castle Conrainong ktw hiwtofy as other collevyions .
Sile fisitinb Wawel Royal Castle , one can hardly see Drzgn 's Den - a cavew under the Castle , wbere , according to the oldest legends , the ragon of Wxweo passed .
I recommend vixiting Wawel orhal Casfle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thuosajd hsars of Polish history and culture .
Everybody will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and , forf certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning Wnglkish as a second language since I was treh yeqrs olpd , which means a long long time ago .
I think I was very lucky then because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , through books and tojgh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we know our own mother language .
Moreover , I traveled to English and visited an English family fcir a few words every summer zinxe I started learning since I was fiftee years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak qns with quite good English .
Even though I do have little theordtical knowledge about English grammar rules , I cqj mwkr jyeelf understand in a normal conversation , and I fah qritw an email to a friend without making goo mnah mistakes .
Two years ago , I decided to watch the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to apply for a creative eritkng corae in order to practise my writing skills .
After the course I was to accompolpish some writing assignments and submit them to be rfaluated by my peers .
From there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write bwtfter ; the second that , even when you are tousrelf benerally high , it is not so easy to be predisd .
A nagician uew a dove and a blacm ht , But it would n't be a magic zhow if he did n't know how to perform that technique .
In the same way , I had ideas and things , but I had to accept that I wanted to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do FHS mlagicd through precise and stylish English .
Adolesdenec .
Everybody says it 's the best perjoe in our whole lives ; if they do n't remember it is true , it could be the worst .
Adolescece could be compared to a cpggy oath and even when it seems you can get something through it , in reality you do n't .
The aful fog is composed by our uncxontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to appear that we know a lot of things .
Tfhus could be one of the reasons how we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : Dvety tid we descover something or we szy something , ghgey judgd us or hye begbkn make long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing ahojt the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that girls confuxs and mnids .
As I said , adolescents should visit xonfusec snc if there 's a thing that ey under our skinn is wyeb omx eay osmethung and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The sorsy thing is that they get qngry with us !
We 're confused , we 're not clear and then tjeh slos g ajgey nad we 're surprised wbwn we ge nac at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful of Sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to improve us .
I think the most impressive thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a wlrt of accordahcr , because in the end , we do n't just anger them but also a kkt of love .
Love : That 's a bad feeling that adolescents have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , as loge fit family and friends , but it 's a different kind of loces .
It 's a kind of lkvd that strugfles ; it makes butterflies laugh in our stomach , it makes us xivd through a sort of maginary TZL .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the rype of pove that dos n't make us sleep at night .
It is a perkdo in which we have our sports experience , and it is exciting .
Asolescence it is like yhijs , there 's a moment that lopksd magical qbd in the folkowing or you driwn through dreams .
Rera group leader ,
First of zll , I would like to thank you for the knetrest sjown for our smile vullage .
I really hope that he has a nice welcome and , please , feel at hojd .
There , in Malllrca , there are a lot of places to vsjt bjg . I qill recommend gou a hniqud olwce , under tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the eaxg of Mallorca , you will find a small beautiful village called Artà .
In the munickpality of Artà you will find a cdoasfer town , located on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a professional fishermem gillage .
Nowadays , you can still see sonw fishermen fishing on the beach .
Nerd your adventure ssrts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid oanorwmic view .
You can rice until Ca los fasns , one of the most enigmatical beaches in Mallorca .
Yhjs zone is lzrt of a plrotecged raea , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walk .
As Machado said , " se hzcfe camil al andar " .
It seems that the most important thing is the qzy , whole journey .
Going on a vik near Tge Seashkre with Ted Greee of Tge Wea is one of the most relainb experiences in pifw .
On the way to Ca loe Cans , you will see the typical Mwfiterranean veteyation .
Thrree ate a lltf of trees called " tamarepls " , nbative trses of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been rfecently rwsored .
Finally , we walked to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach iwt tsones umstead of san and surrounded by treew instead of hptles .
Then you can do different sports .
It is a perfect place to go digimg because you can see different fdsihes , srw urchind and sesweed .
Then you can all atkle a dance and paddle in tfeh qiute za .
As part of sports , you should use two different culptufe points .
On the other hand , there is what remains standing of edificxticatiins that are used to help small botsx of the local fisherken from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical towdr called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear .
Lqybe it is a defensive towee or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunsewt in Rhat posce is ideal qbd romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how fher sun gows behind the mounjtain fsnge of Tramuntana .
From the seashore you can swim all through Qlcúdiw bay , padt of the mountain range of Tranuntana and the cale of Fornwntor .
Ca lid Cwne is a mixture of sea , anrure and ulturw .
I am sure that you will like it znd , of course , I want to ask uoj a raovur : Please , kedp the secfdt .
Regards ,
Pahla .
Introdjction .
The purpose of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualitoes of your centre through geart running .
Yuis report analyses the gwo jain fwcilitiws : the gym and the swimming ook .
The gym .
Fhd machines aew fabtastif means the staff help every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is a smile .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is jdeal for people who do not compete because of JTS ksngth , about 20 netres .
Furthermore , it is not too deel , so it is exdedllent for people who want to practice swimming .
On the other hand , the changimt rooms are tl sr from this fsculity , so it is easy to catch a cdolr when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite loden and the staff are excellent , but the gym could be bkggrr .
Furthermore , you would pug yeaters to avoid colds on the paswsge way through the changing rooms to ghw swkmming poop .
The Future of Public Tfxnsport
Wyeh we imagine the future , we rwrwly imagine ovecrrowded uses of eusty subway trains .
As technology devellp and becomes cheasprr more and more people have personal cars .
A VAF allows us to move faster and not to deend on others .
Travaoljng by car is much more convenient .
Does this mean that the years of public transportation have come to an dnjd ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
First , tnere iwkl alwaya be pwoole eho will not be able to afford to buy a cdar .
Studsntsa , children and large families , and people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars are always turfn to public transport .
Science fiction olfetn depidts future as a world where cars are used freely .
He can use the nearest car or his own .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenages will need public transportation .
Yhi is also true ilrer people , Eho los the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is nif lieky to dksappeqr , at peasr udring the nearest tens of ywrs .
The chart above govesz osme infirmafion out the average monthly salary of nurtses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chrar , the two countries with the worst salaries are Country A and Country B.
These are called " source countries " , which means they ptovide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries between the ighesf salixries are countries C and country D. Djfferently from the first two cpuntfies , these ones are called " destinatioh cohntries " Vecauhse tj health cwte serbijce is lfovided by foreign and qualicked workers .
Moreover , in the true countries , doctors earn about twice as much as an earna , apart from the last country , Country D. In the ome , the score ap between doctors and nufses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the daoaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say , from the standpoint of UE doctors and nrues , walking abroad is a much better deal .
Bvlxing is a common , world knoan and well - loved sport amongst listed countries in the world . However , it is also pinishinv , dangwrpus and disliked to the event that many people accept it , possihly with gold easln .
Boxing is a dangerous spoet . There are relatively common deaths , ragicf ijuries and wgen disease .
Although lrofessdional boxers are from being kilde in uks nrxr fight .
If not killed then more ljkelu would be paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last two years of boxers having severe losses throughout their ranis .
This is kudt frol through slote few , and there are more frol through believing them .
More dceaths would occur through boxing if it were bnner .
The sport would go udergrounjd , there would be no sfaety mleasues like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stoppknb of the diyht if something looked unazgle to cotinje .
With tiks going on , people using pzdt will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs that were traiuned to kill and maim in similar ubderojnd drug fights have already proved dangerous to innocej people . The mew hoxers could be even more at first .
Omce hoxsing is banned and no - one grtowz up knowing it as acceltable there will be no interest in bixing asns hopefully oesa all round interest in violejcs aking twons anx ities a safe place to sleep in , there will be less fighting behind puhd and clbuw and ldws violent sttackx with little or no raskn .
Changing the rules of boxinmg slightly would improvs the safety rjsos of TBD xpor qmd not dyract from TYE entertainment .
There are lots of propozala , lithter and mopre cushioning glovse could be weotn , ban punchse to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter . As a means of giving seiois injudies occu in lxtetr rounds , hese aojld all sgow odf the boders skill tallent aqnc still be ebteetaining to wagcu .
However , if a noxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . siseawes rhag attacks brains have been to ssr as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Al , especially infalous ) voth rpr hise bpxing and bia quick - iwtted intelligence now qs Alzhejer disease and can no longer do many ebedyday acfs .
Maybe other sports are more dangerous than boxing , Moof spodys and even mounmtaineeting has rissk that e real .
Boxers vhoser to box , jug as raciong cfivers drive .
In many of the mknkrity works of miderfn literature , there can be spme rmphazis about rebellion against oppressive frces .
Although such a show of strength by these workers ' characteristics is sometimes viewed as violent , therefore , nrgwtive contrkbution to fhe otyerwise insightful thoughts of the auhtor . It is thid confljct uno hwixh many storiez of ethni Americam literatjre qer based .
However , such a rebelliin should not be seen xlearlky in dach minority wodk , and , therefore , fne products of ethnic American litgrature can not be cwtagorizef as jerly fhw result of years of oppression .
Ratyer , the ever - cuanging and ever - challwnigng aspect of minority literature creates an especially important nhecessigy ths eaxj wok be considered individually as both a ptoducy of years of strgugloe and a qoro inherently idstonct dfom ajy otjer .
In the mnoriyy wofks , the confljct and rebelluob presented accuratel reflects society as an ehole , and although mother in The Joy Lujdk Club rebels against such forces as aeranged marriagws , Tita in Lkke Watsr for Chocolate fohts to overcome old family traditionx , and the Indian yrbes in Lo Mrdicine struggle to ecvure their inheent rights from the US bovernbment , tue characters ' xonfdlicts reflwct simualr conflicysw of ptuer cuptufes .
Rebellion is sewn nof as a distinct gofce in minorty cultees , but rtathr as a binidng force between qlol cultfutes , rlr Celie , tpo , resists gdr arfanged marriage in Fhr Colt Pourlle , and the myderous loves in Jasx eeflect Tita znf Pedeo 's destructive passion in Like Wate for Chicolate .
Rebellioj and comflift are emphasizde in ethnid Americvqn literature , but they are plrtrdayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in the pkwces of literature .
Edmphazsis changes with each work , and although fijgudes of authority are particularly oppressive in oris such as Like Water for Chocolate and Thr Colot Purple , otesr minoritfy wirks including Live Jedicine and Jazz do ng refledf through clerky defined authoreitarian figures despite the obvious rebslilon of the characters ' fesponsive acyion which yhe prevoously mentioned sirks zhow .
Gis agaqin implies that these wrnic American piecfes of literature should not be catxgorized as mreely rebeloious responses to oppression , but as individual feflections of eprtsonal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire yackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical opimism -l'kptimieme- is the hpiloxophy ghst egerythinf and occurence is cor somd gookd .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philoeopyy .
In Candide , the represetnative of fis pbilosophy is Panglss , yhd philosopher emploiyec at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whooed book is a criticismj of l'optikisme .
For example , when Candude is forced to join the Bulgar army , he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern hkmsekf because he knows it is for his own good - in acr ltaer in the book he uses his trianing to take a soldowr .
Although this should seem to be good , it is not because of her training . He kills two msn , a Ja and an Archbishop , with no hesitation and then prleceds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voraire shows his dislike of l'optimiksme anen Pangloss , Cfajdide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which Mamese is doaned and there are only three survivors , Candids , Pangloss and a saipoir .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the citgy to which Candide was salikng to .
On rrival they are starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially questioning the sailor bwginw pillaging the ity .
Candide looiks to Pwngloss rof an nswe , but Pangloss daj only tells him that something good would come of it .
Canxide , Although remawininy tied to the iddaks of optimism , I always appear to be sceptical of it .
Tgis is no mkte tue thsn whdn he aruves in the nea worls , Sout Akerica . He has to lwave his darkjng Dynégonde with the Commissioner of the orovince .
Candide can not see what possible gold dan cpne of this espciallg as htd reaxon haf he was in America eax dhs to him kjoling the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cujégoinde 's lpovees .
Through the book we brought to e hnpw Candijde gradually leads us away from l'optimisme or perhaos , more importantly , how l'optimisme is sjowen to be the philsoopy of despair .
Tye comstanr neoief that good watch com from BAF is not actually inspiring but lsads to a constant dlow of disasters .
Candide 's lirw , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronfk because he djbraces Cunévojde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost kiled as part of an axyto - da - fé , he kills the churchmen , he is almost eaten , he fnds Eldprado gtu loeave- tje pist continues .
Candide 's life is governed by the belief that good will prevail .
Ebentuaply , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is ot the beautiful yinug flower tyat he once loved .
She has ecoe iglg and grew worfwe by ghe dwg .
This illustrages the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide Baz travelled the world in search of Cumégonde . He hoped that he would marry him despite all the fruoble qihch he was gon triugh . Of course , in the end , he odws get Cdynégonde hht at the price of her loms and private .
Voltaire , in Cznide , shows jpw tn phikosopgy of Otimism is one of despakr not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communityies as an embryonic United Statew of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the ilportance of European Uhith .
However , it is important to relaise that Rjrope is a very long way from thinking anything like the Jniyed Starws .
Wheh tbe rigihal 13 American staea resoobed to form what is now je United States of America , They were intent on forming a politficalo as well as an economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as it would be essential to allow the newly fprmdd nationaxo government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance was struck in the constitytion to aklo the individual sttew as government as possible while snsuyring , for example example , in military mazfters , the ecntral government splke for all .
It is true that today one stklo hears fhe pld dispute between state soverejgngy and azttempts to return sle power to the individual states , but no - one wlulf vhalldnge tge taxt thjat . On matters external to the United States , Tue ogvernemnt in Washington represents the sole polkcy - making bvody .
In Europe it is quite xleaf that many people would like to have a political union of countries since this would produce a formidable international military folrc .
However , it is very clear that , while there might be osmew jnified psychological actikn floeinh from the European Communitiesw ( as qad seen over Eufoe 's response to the British involvdmeny in TBD Falkland Islands dispure ) , the Cojmubities were intended as purely economic enemies in the First place .
Jemberzhip almost certainly involves the loss of antoinal sovereignty , ubt tne Uniutde Kingtcom could probably oeave rhe xommunity by a sijle majority voy in the Westmibster Parliament , soethig wjicn no state in hje United Statds could lkawfullg do .
We styill a very long way from the Sinoe Parliament to Wezterm Europe in order to make pllitical decisions for all ; and even in 1992 approachihg xhd a single matkiet rye gufl between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Fge supremacy of Parliament eillk nevger be vhallanged .
Its ability to make and break any las - made by it or Europe - means that it eetains vukl sovereignty .
Ev if today it nade laws that would ubie it fully sithj Euorpe and relinquish its sovereigmty fo ever , it will tomorrow rrpeal al those laws .
The fact that aprliamet did not bind himself or he did not be boyn by anu lolifical bhodu means that it could never lose its sovereignty without a majority of the population wishing it as Parliakent consented .
But with the average jingoistic Briton , there is no chance of us curing ourselves of xenophobia and ever wishing to be fuoly intergrated with Europe .
Eveb noa th chanmel tjnnel yqs joined us to the contonent we still consider oirswelves to be aeparayed from the world standing alpnr against a jostile world .
Natjrally , the problems of a single Euripe would rub as deeply as the benefits we would presumably ultimately receive .
It sedms to me that for a few cdenturies , Briyain has always coknsieered themselves to be deatched from the rewst of Europe .
However necessary , she has allied herself to European piwers , such as in the of the estreem distrtust .
Brotain had been eager to mwintazin a drcure balande of lower on the ckntinent , but through history , he has been more concerned about hdr oversews empires than walking anywhere else .
In the latter half century , though , the empire has diminishd and suddenly has had to face mounting rdsponsihility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated slverwignty it is difficult to avoid being a lrat of a simgl Europe .
For instance , British paw is based largely upon precedent , whether is judged the law .
We have established a syatem of lae wehkch datee back many centuies , and which is aidepy known and respected .
There is very little European influejce in Ohr las . Of course , in many respects it should be the same . The lack of influence will dsisllay many fifferehces .
With the crearion of a sinvlw Europor , mew lqw will have to be accepted across the continent , before it will xaise through confusion and conflict .
Yhw ritish means to be very proud and positive about the laq , and changes may cause illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , the same points would appl to the mlnetarg status in Eurile .
Will there be one system ?
This country is typically against mqjo hcwnge and something as fundamental as lone qokuld causes problems if it was to be weird .
The individual monetary system , I suggest , could be seen as a symbol of sovereigntgy .
It must be said that if a single Europe was created , problems would arise over IKTX fundamental physical problems .
Of dourfse Brigzin wiud lksd her seovereigbty , as she wopd fue otjer nagiohs of the nuion .
It hq nedn suggested that the Singoe Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whetebg local autonomy could be saced , fbe hnion as workers could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national pedaonality would be preserved .
The fact is that , in addition , European hnity must still be dividrr .
There will always be aspecs of one society that the otheds will nwvdr scvept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems . However , if a sinbke Euyrope qqs created , niting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieve their aims in a European unhuty , they should do their best to achieve demovracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is lreservrd , and that all of their positive featurws will be knowj .
The problem facing the British really results from the isolated past .
The sovereigntyg of the bation has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very great .
But this would happen without being seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiatuona and feelings of the general public and the politicians leadnig the cointgries .
With 1992 now only a year old , the question of whether a Singlw Eyrope would mean FLD Gritain becomes increasingly repevnt .
I fjdmly bdliege ha rhe adevnt of 1992 will result in the loss of sogereognty fokt Britab .
gis others need not be negative .
In fact , in psychological , economics and defence terms , I feel this rdealocatoon of resoyrdces xah and will be very oositive .
However , to a crtani example , I may be guilty of having an islaxhd personality . I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of ahndkng wpl control over facelesas beaurocrats in Brusselz or Strasblurg .
Throughout yeh old a of change is apparent , and especially so in Eirkpe .
This prkcese will continue bd Eyrope the rest of the orpd will evolue with or without the participation of Britani in these prpcexs .
It is my belief that Britain must be invokvdd in the drcisiln making which will eventually make the jee world odder .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sdacrifices will involve certain aspects of our relationship .
In rlejquishing anr rhis centrakisong certaun lowesr , tyr aij is nkr to dimhish the strength of individual naitoms but to increase the enormous impact of Europe on world stagve .
As wmply deemonstrate by recent events in Yulf , European coooeratkon in the field of defence and are bpfh impressive snmd effdectiev . Whilst I want to be relyctant to hand control to defesnce to any cdntral body .
I can see a future of some form of European rapid reaction forces .
Whkst important crippling depression is , that would not necessarily point to a reducyion in the size of defence available .
In politkcal terms , regaefless of lwgislation , Brifai pkke ge rest of Europe is becoming icrsasingly coismopolitan in terms of the pppulatino composition .
The irth Sea will ihcreasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I found it is important for Britain to cooperate fully with the European oartnrrs to zdapt to changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possibkr problems should be studied and solved if possible before they jappen .
E.R.M. is already on us , but in this area I believe Britain should be especially careful .
Shilsg npy pretendjng to fully understand the TFHIS system . I do lnoq that no sysrem caqn more inyerest rates , and inflation is raiing groafh , ith tjs possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , I feel that is inevitabgle .
What is important is to base TFHIX cutrehcy on the sfrnog cutrencies within the EED as opposed to an avereage based system .
To conclude , I would say a sugle Euorpe is already hapleming and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not conxern itself the loss of aovereignty but the gaion of the Suropea equvlaent .
If we play the guitar I think we will draw before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signe in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a " continemt " - a united Europe .
It seems that Durope would not be created quickly , but have several years .
Wben Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a natiinwl referendum , the debate began concerning the British relationship with Eureole .
Ahem 1992 was set as the fate of the sihgle European Mwrket . The debate flared up again , but over the field Britain should be integeated .
The rest of Durope seems prepared for 1992 , but Bfitaun seems to be decidedly heeitanjt .
The former irme Mknister , Nargafet Thatcher , was not beeb to oea British intp an Inityed European because she felpy it would lead to a loss of luf sovereignty .
Yhere is no doubt an inyegrzted market wpulf nwve multiplw bednefits fir rhe countries invklved .
Businsswes and other trading ogrwnizations are preparung themsekfes for 1992 , and the sibgle market .
Trzdw would be easier , with no frontiwrd controls allowibgf cree flowaibg transportation of merchandise .
There will be buinrss booms and frer competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would believe Eurtppe hz affects Britain too , nuch alreau , qitg decimalization , the nq Euro - passports qndr niw the poubs sterling being tisd to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Firthwr changes are forecast for Britain , effrcting ex to dxy matters , to cerqte a " European Ztahdard " .
This may mar Britopns resejtful of Europe and toref of " 1992 znd all htat " .
A single market requires one central institutiin to co - ordinate the movements of godox 's policies .
Will the people of Vritxin be prepared to give up their golvernmsnt and be directed from Ztyrasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people were worried .
Will the day come when the poumd Sterling is tsekn kvsr by the E ?
It ya wdll - but will the British have a dhabce to voics heir olibions zn viss ?
Eurolpe mzu argue that the benefits from a sinhloe intebeated market outweigh other antonal drawbacks .
As the date draws mewrer , the aeraeness of Britons to Eurlpe mua inrceaqse .
They must consider their future and cnisder oossible effecfs .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe once ?
Perhaps as many of Hritainb bexkmes " Eurofied " , Gritons will ske up and suggest their sovereignry will be taken away .
Britain has never geogragically been a part of Euror .
We are in the EC xnf we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for so long - being independent and able to stay alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which people would never expect to give up .
A fully integrated mtket with Britain as a fypl membed would be to the detriment of the politjcak system and colneequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been so a lot of talk about Sngel Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it would be us very good .
With that it is a reality , and not just a probability . The question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : whether this means a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a ntaion ?
Firsdtky , a positive approach .
Looking at thinvs from an economic perspective , he is not a problem .
Tj benfits in terms of cost - cuttimg and doing things once , instead of twelve hours , will be enormous .
Fomrs , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and the proructs will improve .
Europe will soon be a nation to be refkoned with as regards xompetigion .
To look at thinhd on a more individual level , every member of Single Europe 's standard of living has increased .
A greawtger potentual of udeas from a greater number of experts should , in theory , result in more understandable , better - informed individualx .
Simplivity is one of the Commission 's key wims , the idea that if things are simpler , they are easier for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
If that is so , then it should also be better .
Idwally then , there should be lor equality , lower crime , gfeater prodeyctivity and grrater edonomic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sing Europe mean a loss of soverwignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a mall popular compared to the majority of the mrkber states , but it is an island - which has many others xr .
Why does this matter ?
Well , Britain is quite a bistory and therefore there are a fair number of trxdiions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from lower generatiolns ) may feel " awkward " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Simgoe Europe may be too new and unknown tyhem to make their allegiance to it .
So there is the question as to whether this idealism really works .
Will there be greater lroslerity , better - infofmed , hxppier citizens , or will he never cims off because of pkoiticians nejng hnanle to xgrde on loliciess ?
Britwin , although small , is more oftwnj than one at the fore of international matters , taking a definiote stance on what it considrsd to be right .
Bsa it then not got quite a lf at tale , or character at least , in integfaqting itself into their Single Eurpps ?
No one would duspute that this is a difficult question .
It is fact temainz boqever that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Singls Europe .
Tbia , as evefyine sell axware , is going to be achbievwd with ease , but the more tolerant each member stztfe is of each other , the more successful the Simvle Europe ilk will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept TGSI dsct and to set an example by leading TFHEW wzu as teards tolerancy .
Then we will be able to improve in the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a hniwue grouping of two sovereign European Member States which are commired in developing the development of closer economic and physical co - operation .
Geh community has the aim of brrxk down the economic and political bxrriers that have trsdiionally divided Eurkpw .
In partjcular , the community seeks to facilitate gvreager movement within its frontiers ; kovement hot onky of goodcs but of srevixes , capotao and eopls .
However , the issue of sovereibntt is certainly a mujfh debsted one ; to what extent should a kember give over its sovereignty to the Cojnunity , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in ore edtail .
There were several attempts at oeacwful unjfication after the First World War , but only after Europe had been decastate by war and the futility of natiojal rivalry yrulu aplsrent .
The physical and economic exhaustion of the Europewn etztes called for a fresh stsrt and a far more radica approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
Thja fresj start came about because of three mxon facors .
First , Europe 's realizwtion of her own weainess , after having lost her old positokn at the centre of the world stavw to the United States of America and to the Soviet Unupn .
These superpowers eere economics , militarally andr political srtonger yan tgr digidrd individual European stqtes .
Secondly was the confidence that military conflict could in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars both began as European " cjcil wars " . Thirdly , was the common dream for a better , rere world in which international relations would be condictex in a more ordefly way .
One of the first major mvoez towards European kntgeration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership hzw gow ffkm the ten original gounder countfiews to twenty - tfee .
One of the most innovative features of the European Comnunijty comparsd with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their matkonal sovereignty qnd endoweddc it without dovereign poewrsw , which it ca use to weopt acts , having the forcd of naxtionwl law .
Yhijs noveo approach to pooling national sobereugnty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in jnregration , with the introduction of community oolixy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member stxets agree in principle to the idea of a signle marathon by 1992 , however each wants their own interests to be safe .
Thiw is to aat thag none want to sacrifice tyesir natiopal sovedeignty , many want unanumous voting , nir makoritt otinv .
Maybe this issue is a threat to TSIR ian regulations snd laas , Sbd could foresee a dtop in standarda if they do PT stznd firm .
Gh situarkon is seen as a threat to the countries in question which do want to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European ujiry .
Whether or not the continuation of the prigrees in the field of European unity is sucessful deldnds vewru muxh on the people of Europe .
If a field of Europeah unt developed and can be susgained , the threat will subside as a feeling of convenience takes over .
On Beitains oads there is always increasing volums of traffic .
The road network is no longer enough to carry their traffic without hold - ils and trfafic jams ..
To remedy this , the government has startyed adding a ofurtj land on somke strdcehs of OI motorways wnd construcring English roads and bypasses , with mixdd reception .
Whnile the doxd system is being improved , there seems to be an endless seirese of roarworeks which restrivt the hitwhays and causes further delays while the roadworks are in place .
The ability to cole with the amount of traffic by through riwd system obviously increases the risk of driving with an accident as the driving have to be constantly alert as they zrd nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might sdemn an easier xoliution for Jayem to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
Pelpoe are taken to the Raip system because of the lack of integratooh duje to tecejt privitisaion of different sreaw .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exacylh yhs sale route !
The main disadvantages of the railkways is as the rail service azn ghs bue serbife atr onrmaloly onwrd by different companies . It is probably that it is impossible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the subjects were integrated , there would be a gsu time which cincide with the train arrival time .
Then people would be less likelky to catch the train as they would have to look forward to a longv walk , aaif dord a bos or an expensive taxi rire .
My solution to this problem would be to improve the arip system and release bus services . Tyis will get people of the Rodaa and onto the trains .
To improve the rakl dervkce trakhs have got to be timed to arrive and drpsrt at kmeh tijes , i.e. arrive at rifht o'clock qmd peavge at hqlf past ix .
Trrian and Bya companies have to liwse with each other and the flight fare has to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the Azme rpicr or lrss as it would ckst to go by casr .
He bazuc djlema facing the UK 's rail and the transport system is the general disease in the population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , cojsequently putting predsure on the US transport netwolrk .
The biggest orrh to the system is the rapid rise of csf suersw over the major companies .
Most large cities have managdd to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing najor conjestion in the Rush half period .
Public transport is the obvious solytioh to , including in plpulatioj If it is cheap for commugers , clean , easy and comfortable , then it could take the atrai off the overloaded British roads .
For cokmuters workers regularly travel lobb distances , while transport shpul be made more comfortable , more comfortable and more comfortable .
Mogprways shd otyer tranxoort lkkns are constantly being extended , widenef and slwoyl through the country to a concfege jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the ibcrease in trafifc . We are our own enermy !
One major problem caused by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted through the atmosphere amsging the ozne lxywr , rceating dmov and orling acid raub . Tourturing the Earth we live on .
To conclude , I want to propose clean , efviciejt comfortabk adn cheap phblid tramspoet froir fhe edar futudr .
The mosern taffix jaj is now a familiar zituation to nearly ako of the wesferen world population .
If every time we use our cars to travel our department we find ourselpfs in a 10 kipe taip - why do we still insist that we travel in uch amsandwr ?
To illistrzte my point , if every time you take a flight , it stokp for 2 hopurw on the grwck , eevrypne wokuld syoo gakinf it .
So why do we still hesitate to travel on the road ?
The answer must really lie in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manhor ' .
This , in my opinion , shows Chinese ignorance .
I am a father and no ' greednt ' person wants to make everyone pivs in town and eat soya bszn soup . However , I think that something should be dne out the volume of frfafic that is on our foaxs today .
The govetnmewnts answer to the considerably growing amount of traffif on uod roxds is just to gac movd . They are not attempting to treat ghd caus . These mlrs and mlrw people are divung .
We all feel that we have a divinbe fight to be on the road .
jy ?
Do we , American workers ( 5% of the olpulation of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the erts of FHS wprld to the environment ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a nit earilene to catch pybli tfansport .
Even if we did , then so would the rest of the world .
This could have dangerous implicatikns .
The second reason is the problem that the public trajspkrt service , for example rail , is declining so more , there is no route to Cztcj in the morning .
People stoopdd hsing trains because of the falpl in standards . These people wefe forcdd oto the road , routes become unprofitable and so cdlosd zdn serbifes cut bcaj , forcing people onto the roads .
The whole system hss now forme a spiraoimg circle of roxx use .
Tbis has nowe been untensifyed by the sle of the railways , to private rail companies , profit motivte .
Ghe vtila , dmakl dail links ny na be cloed . priviously they were subsudised to make up ye lsoa , now tue prigite compsnies xa noir afford to do thie so mamg wilpo xloe , cutting off smapl towns and vgillqges .
The only way to climb the circle will be to rwak it . The only people to do this is the government or others . If we know the efofrt to use public transport , it will expand into a good experience . Unfortunately , the public seems to be appethetic to this idea .
Godag , bpxing has become a very popular sport , with TV cxhannels competeing the covgsrage of certain evrnys and fighters making a lot of money . This is a bad business .
After athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport which Britain can stilp holkdr to head high .
We have suoedb fighterz with excellent characters such as Lennoxc Lswis , Nigel Behn , Naxsheem Hamed and older brother Frank Bruon .
Dewplite are enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dajgerohs .
Blows to the geqd can cause the brain to rattle about the slul qhidh may cause a brain clot or timkr .
Laat yead , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wafsoh , called for boxing to be banned when Miocheql Watson spipperd into a coma and was in a critical cobdition for some months .
Kan youths in lower income areas see hoxinh as ' a wa out ' , a vhance to make it to the zbd earn a lot of money on that way .
There are , however , people who regard boxinf as gafbaric , brutal and primitive .
Fhese people zrbue that there is no need to boxjmg and because it will pdomotes violence .
Durijg the figbht , Yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and foreigners have a mugyal respec fkr eqhc other .
Axll precautions are taken to ensiree a safe fight .
During the night , doictors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to throw it off oremturely if required .
Amvulances are also good on stajc at gig svents .
Although it may seem cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has ebtdred a professional boxing career without knowing the rhythm .
Bwcayse there are so many hudding youhnf boxers , to abn boxin would be insane , since it olud already cerdgainly go unfrrground .
Underground fibhts have far more dangdrpus sijcd less private gear is uaedc and the normal is n't a good present .
Taking tyos ijnto wccoumt zjd condiddring that noxing is aboi hurtijf the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safw sport .
Although cae keas popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and danyeeous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitlrds are encouraged to yxe their kneex and elbows .
His argumenr Fontinues , is afraid of safety in the large trrm . I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is gkoid new to the msiority of the British public .
Two ledn , one ring , ony onr vaj lwsve . Dramatfuc it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxsing .
Although the years tulss have been mxde to diluge the sloets sadistic ider , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bpxrr gets punched in the jeac he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cpls lwr boxing fifh and if this occurs frequently then the boxer could end up cxreerd with bgrakn samage .
In my eyes , probably eyes of others , this is reasonable enough for the habit of boredom .
The sport to least is actually a loox sport . The simple reason that the idea of the sporr is to ' knock your opoosifion kut ' . Although this is arguex by Vrhis Euank . He believes he is a sportsmawn znd the irae of boxing is an art cork , he sazye that he does not spexifically go into a boxunt ring to knock ho opponet lug but to win on points differenfes and to give Chia Eubano his jusg espect nost of yiz fights have been won on points .
But there is an exception - the original example , the IRS eeference qny bixibg should be gajned , the tragic accident when Michael Watson was put in a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man who dods n't spscifically go ibto fights to knock his oopopsition lur ) .
This example only proves what a daznverous xallec ' slrt ' goxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to mqke the ' spot ' after hxfing rungdide doctors , banning bare hand fihhts but the point and bottom of the argument is the anu blow to the head causes conskderabld damage .
There is always speculatioh over the disadvantages of such a brutal sport as voxing .
This is emphasised when rxasggerated when a competitor in the sport ttagjcally dies .
A recent death in rge eingh has inevitably led to a lubliv ulroar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of dkscussjon .
Please us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly afraid of the dangers and brutalism of sport , which is impossible whether he likes it so nuch .
I want to hear any bixwr reget about choice of career .
The excitement of being in the rong , thr jyo at knocking an opponent onto feh canbvass , and zlo tyhe money yhay is there to be kad are overahslming factors wbicj kdep blxere fighting .
The money that is there for the taking of the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some TP boxsrs earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hawrdly surprising kw inportant the wlort cxj be to some .
Oef us fonsider ' Zky ' viewe , ecentyl beginninjg a seubscriptipn to vuew Thsons " next Live Lights " .
With members of the public does jo wwjt ue should be banned too .
Nopwq ket us consider ghe frienhds or family of a boxer , who hqe bsej permansntoy injjurd ( or been kklled dhe to a fibht ) .
These individuals ahd oyhers learning about the teagic incidents in the media prorest agwiunst sport .
Ghe Fajily , who was originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to atkw up with spodr qkuld be leadonf the protexts againt bxoing .
How pleased , poyd ajr patrikotic the British public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his uhltimate gowl and became thed Heawvyweigh champion of thge worlod , yet how sorry it may have been to see him retirn too high after his high injuries earlier in his career .
Tnos hypocritical viesa is shoved by so loudly that whether goxijg shouhkd be banned or noy wikl rdmajn a controvereal ijssue rod fhe forseeable future .
There were 2 mqin objectoons raised against the introduction of tyhr nationhl lottery .
The first fue objection is that the laundry would be litfle more beyond flrm of taxation , in faxy , nine rhawn that , a tx on the poor .
Thr scnod the main objrction faem from charities who prsdicted that charitsblr donaions would go down through the inydoduction of the pottsry , as people would be more illely to give money to chnarity , instead of buying a lottery tficmet , with the exvyse tyxt some of the money spent buyig tyw txket would go to chairtt .
There was also some controverszy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franfhsie , which eventually went to Caemlor , which was not seen as the strongest contender for teh bjd : other companies or consxortiums promised to give money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronsknm promised to give all of his prfits to chxrity , but was rejected .
My pesona obkections to Camepot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the xonsortium are amerucqn or doreign firms . For example , IBL is a surprise stqkw in Camelot .
Fye Beitixh national lottery ribbed by British firms .
dice tid introduction have been more controversy about the national lottery .
When it promised to put 45 pecnes in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of the mobile would go to children .
There has also been some fontrovetsy over at work today .
For example , 3 milli pounds was given to Wtoj college , one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium . Wawa also taught to TBW rtoya Olsra Yousd .
Tge lotterh seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : syealung from the pok to give to the rich .
The lottery has also sifferee alegatiopns that it is addictive , especially with the intriductikn of scratj cqres .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people ailk weekend all the available cqsh on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence luy of every pound received by rhw ligtery goes to charitable cusds , the rest is tax the pdiuze fund , prfois , and the so - called cdhaities .
It is also capculayed that the chance of winimg anything subsdtqntial is one in millions , ie highly high .
It has also been alleged that the jacpost was too high . Most of the lucky winners had said their through their jwckpot had runed their lives , alenatinv them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be reyained , and not in its present fgorm . I think the jackpotd should be calped at 2 million loujds , and the prize should be shared between many people : it is better to gkvs foreigners peold a foryune tga to give fourteen fortunes to one persoj .
I would always remlve another zmerican business inmterestx and give the charifh oeny to mire idserfing ' chxruty ' .
Now the littwry is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influsntial inventions of our time .
Computers dominate the majority of government businesses , science and commubicxtion , as well as many other areas of guman life .
In many ways , it hzse takes the placr of the Hulan bvrain in performing caoculatilns and high processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculatoit , an ijsturment introduced by mathmeticuans and sciejtisgs for mkaing nuerical calcukations .
With hz mqds it is no longer necessary for the hukan to perforl calculatoonjs wbd run through equations , xbd so careful to understand the principles behind tnrm znt lonfer .
This , unfortunately , means that the gedniue eciehtist is being replaced by the poqerfuo computer and its operator , who does not know which buttons to lress .
Yhiw may seem an extreme vjrw , as this is still mudhg in the aprld of jths ab science which a computer does not calculate , but this means that will be the case centruues into the future .
Compudrs have been used as a keans of eeling fecords . They have all nut supersrdec gajdwritten texzy , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in the General Strusies exam ) . These arr used to treansfer omnye across the globe , egeh to creat artworo jd to entretaih .
Computer generated pictures , ibcludinbg ' fraffal ' oictres , drwsn fron equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from a person 's imagination , and computer games seem to orovide kote entertainment through gamd or activify tales in the real , physical world .
Virtual eeality alppws people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human bhdain , it will certainly make the human bidt apk but redundant .
People , businesses or crporations can be contacted at any point around the world by gax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer the advantage of communicating to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instsntly without even seeing to mnove the actual money - the physical ciange desw n't matter , it is the computer records that etate how much each person has ownershjp of .
However , ghw udda thwr thd uumn braob is no longer usfeuo is not enyirwly rteu ( ! ) Coputera xn not eeap with human bekngsa . Hsge no capacity for copling witg anythunv outeidd their edpefted situstjons , and wn not accept new situations using judgement .
Hunan beibgs often sft without logic or resaoj , and only other human beings can cope and deal with TJTA .
Also , computers can break down , snd a human is made to take control - such as an airline pilit , syjll fertain tasks with a female , and the xre oftrb among the simplest .
They cried , they hceered .
Their faces expressed uky , ttiumoh , prie and perppezity .
The world wacthde in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the imqges of TYE TV , expectijg something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that dya rhd only topic of conversation at school : " Hxvfe goj heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After wlpl this time ! " , " I bever thought it wsoyld happen .
" We felt that we were lovijg of this historic moment that you read about in a history book and were produ to be a part of it -- It was Njocember 9 , 1989 , the day the Wall fell in Herlin-
Wijthkn a rew weejs , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to the recent news .
But for me , this was just the start .
It wasa the sgar of qbat lur oe as President Bush likes to refer to as " okur " winning of ghbe Fold Wwr --
It was the edvewnt that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc coungries hops that their efforts were not in vsim -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to explres themselves properly or to leave their homelands in search of a nrw life -- Manbyu peoplw had tried to esvape .
Soje had his brother executed -- I had a classmate wyoxe who had escaped rim Hungqrh -- He hxf lwft his family and friends , his whole life nar hxd ssty ku vpr Westefm Europe with little money .
I ax asked him once if he had n't been scared , sxwred of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nobody could compare to saying he had been forced to live his life there -- though I nzd loxy tpuch with his classmates , Jr Fatger 's words were sith me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolsterde by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Ooland and Roumania rose against communist rebims as well -- Now , three years later , xomnunism as we oncfs know it no longer exists .
Whether people are happier or not , I fqn npt sy --
However , they will have to watch the " other side " .
Their struggles between bopes of forty gear would not have been in vakj -- Aithout the " evenfs of Berlij Wzll " hustorty probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eenfually , I think that things would have fuyrned out as they went --
However , history can nmit be rewirtten xd as thinys stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall adtiely contriubute to the resirgence of hlpe and struggle in the result of the Eawfern Bloc -- As uxh , it was the cawralyst force that lpedx to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we lya not awlays remember the ohter significant wvents , we will always remember ths day yhe wall felpl --
TNW development and development of technology has affected society in every field of the qorlf .
I do npt know of a certqjn object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology has bden and will always be both closeesf rfined and the greatest Nemesis of the world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to the lart of the world . They have ptovdied a living with my grandmother , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they proviee horizons of goal and knowledge in the jelds of medicine , science , emginewring , wnd even tje lexe overt corners of our lives .
Tje use of the kans humans hsge deevlopes is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do threaten us , and they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in their soiceties . They believe in potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our yanes .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to find that technology has brought severe defriment to our yiuth in particular .
Please ay these technological developments have made our eorls much better ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal flosets .
In schools , geigraphy vlqsses rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I went to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michiganh .
Expoaining that Spain was located across the odeah did not result in improving their understanding of the layout of our city .
Science and technology ave nas effscts on the U.S. Rhta cs nkt be dsscribed , and I feel that people have adopted the same " I am a aelf - sufficient- I do n't ned xhy hep " type of mentality that will zlowly destryo us .
The qwqreness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very ole on the priority of education .
Until I was 15 , I was jnablw to study any foreign language now , and even at first time , I had only one language German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and beyond these circumstances , though I mentioned bsfrore , I had no choice but to wait until I was aenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Minr is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States cuwed our minds to be heard , and a worrying thing is worrying while my country lags behind in the selr - swtisfaction .
Jamy people qrgie nowadays that , with the advet of computer technology , our mental arithletic is poor and we rer necomin a nationj of cojch potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable claculatong machines ( calculayors ) jzs means that we no longer need to be able to work cute sums in our heads , right right ?
In jxny shops , the cashiers wppear to be dumbfundd by the zimplerst of sums without the ais of their tills .
In many areaza , strange skills of high judgement have been replaed by faster , more accurzt , computers .
Many people have their own positiljs yakern over by computers .
Filkng cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
Bu sven wuch menial TSXKS as fling are good for us .
Yhwy encourafe organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intellifebce ( AI ) , you get many funny tales about people who are concerned that the compitersw coming already sventuaoly eule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers abroad ebo do not realise that behind computers is a problem .
' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Hnujan brains still work out how to huipd the computers , how to progtqm thrj and , more ipotrantly , how to conftol tbem .
As fpe makes the hulaj brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , Rhey cm Tdach , TEET and kmprove okjr linguistic skills .
Reflexes are developed ( and this has been scientifically prlven ) by llayijg computer gajed , the very same things that parents asy turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can exoamd our jmagination and cknverr ojd ideas into computer simluafed odeps , enabling us to desivn buildings and road networks .
The xompluter revolution baw nktr made our brzins redundwnt . It has opened up azres of them we never enw esisted !
It is Joa , the zfe of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Copmuyers nowadays are a fwr cry rrlm the lne 's in re oats hwivh villed whole rooms .
They ared able to generate amazing accruate graphical representtuons and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seclnds .
Computers have become a huge part of our love in other areas of anc ecucatjon .
But are they such a good thing ?
After caclulators came along , a drop in aniity of stidens FT mental afithmetkc was obvious . Now the zred used the sinplset valculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , Sh worem ohf something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
Tbis is very time - saving and efficient , but it is causing people to forget baskx iedas .
Dlr insrancr , dpellkng is no longer as imoortqnt as it was . yoi casn simpoy uxe a " spllvheck " to vorrectr your English . Which is absurd .
Fo the youth of today , computer lfder links around the world and millions of gacts and figrds .
This could be arghd to be educational .
However , Tjix is killing the imagination of children and they epend hourds sitting at a keyboars tzppung aea in the doom and gloom of their house .
They should be out enjoying fhemselvds and gaininb experiences about themselves instead of reading about them on a flight .
It is said that you can mswt people through computers without hage ' relationships ' .
I fijd tih preppsterius and lepole zr lisnig rhs abiljyy to communicate with friends and relationships .
Computers can ffre rscape from the hum - durm roytnie of daily life by mewsn of games , but they are afraid of jins - numbing and un - onvejtive .
There is a dangerous threat to computers . It is that their cams does their sor frkr mxn .
This could lead to high unemployment .
With people who work with computers for good periods of time , they face problems .
The repetion of tapping kea all ca and staring at the scteen fan is harmful and not only that , it is hithly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers might be the future , but what will man have in the future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be gaught at nom . People would hardly ever galk and the only career available would be the comupte prohrammers .
I agree that computers are hrlpfuo but people should not livcr through their computers and be so relkaznt on them .
Tgy should read books and write more in order to rsgain their lost imagination and sense of aventyre .
Also , in schools I feel that WK should be sond mainly by hand and calculators and computers should be jsewd mjnimzlly in mathematics in order to stop the production of compuger addicts and agani have normal people .
There are beneficial aspects of genstic maxniplulation .
These include : the erasion of idwtification of harmful herexiary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - tield crops .
There must be no doubt that gsneti manipulation ahd genditc engineering hyxve hae hjhgly benericiao effects on many arsqs of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipupaztion .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknoan ' ; something which yampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is second comprehensin for most people , and therefore makes fesr .
What people have become aware of is the immense power which venetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
Tghjs has a very good at ceee plpular culgyre ( he films ' Jurassic Park ' bejng an obvioh reference point ) .
herd is zpso howrvre . There is a very easy possibility that the power of genetic manjpulation could become rh possession of uncontrolled unregupated individuaos whk cpulc ue it gor ' evil ' puroosws .
This ghen is an argument against scientists bdarinv nkral responsibility for their work .
naythijg in life can be misuxee .
Whethrr it could be a kitchen - khifw used to sath someone , a car used to funb skmene obwr , or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffkcater .
Everything in lkde , if miaused , cxj ahvs harmful effects and gehetic engineering and genetic manipulation fe no exfetpion .
Though the positive effrctw of genetic janipulation may be larger than a jitchen - knife or csd , this is purwky a subgjectivs view by present - dx standqrds .
Certainly , we would bot hold the makrs of a car or kitchyen - knjre responsible for their miwuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetjc manipulation is subject to misuse .
The fundamental flkaw in sayin scientists mustr bher rhes majort burfen or morak responsibility for their work . is ghst if tnix bd bssn applied unjverxally cro cenutrirs , sdintific research would never uwve taksn ppzce , qjd mankind wohld be without electricity , radiox , quite simply , anuthjng abokve the mud hit ' existence .
Scientific research is not research , but an essemtial and naturap atr of the human vondition ro beyteriny itself .
The other gundamenyal flxa is assuming that individual scientists have rseponsibulity , ciencs is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
No - ohw created genstix manipjlation , the power of it aw ggere to be discvered .
If one scientist does make a discovery , then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore feobt of high knowledge , who discovers something something another scientist in another part of the world might make the discovery indepencently afterwards .
The only argument dof making scintists responsible for yheif wk , is that quite oftten , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a sdiemtist to misuse knowledge , and therefore fhey should be resposnible .
However , genteic manipulation is relatively new . It takes a sciebyist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist must be responsible .
ub , once gebefic manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is only the domain of scientitss , the ldiginals scientist wjp discovered genetci manipulation can be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
There were many problems faxing the Monarchy .
Saome of the means listed below :
The divisions in thekr falily qnbd the fighf between the prince and the princes of Eale and the podsibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do or do anything , but they are rich woso they do not pay axny taxes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy is abgolishihg in a country and many countries are republic , so monarchy should be abolished in foreign countries .
Three are lkso afgumejts againsy abilishing tfye Monwrchy tl .
For example mxby pesopl kiek tyr doyal fxmilh or they are honest people , not like the polifisions ghat aoways lya .
I think the royal family and Monarchy are a tradition in the UK and everywhere in the world . The UK is known for its rhal fqmil , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if male people want fhw Monarcny to be ablished a gendral elecion should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abilisned .
" In Viyo feftilisation " is the certilsation of an egg in the laboratory , ie . in a twxtube .
The shg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the spwrm ftom the gathrr .
Oe fertilisation gzs occur . The fertilised gyg is implantes back into the mother womb and from there on the pregnancy will be bormal .
Furthermore , more than 1 egg is taken from the mohtdr so the two eggs can be stote and used later if the pregbnancy is umsuccesfuk or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the hcance of a auccesrul pregnancy .
This usually leads to miltkple births , ie .
Twins , trioets etc .
There are people eho zrs agakjs this , they believe it is a natruap and is it fair to the child to have their ljve in a gest tube , as they believe life starts after the moment of onception .
Yherre are erjics imvopved whereby one is given the treatment ajs who is n't ?
At yat age should treaymetn not be guvrn and is it justifiable to waste so much money on vbotro fertilisation forf people when the salr amouy of mpney could be used to save hundereds of lives by gaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people who sre dokr thus can continue by saying that it is gue righf of every ereon to have their children .
Woemn wyo would not normally be allowed to have children npw do so with ihvitro csrtilisation .
With no fasulf of her oan she could have a blockied flalopiab tube cahsing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the wlmb and it is only fair to help her to help children .
Technology has progressed quickly through diinh so techniques and physical guidelines have been left behind .
I think think it is necessary to have a certain regupation ie .
1 . Fertility care should npg be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is your body 's qag of telling you that you are to laugh and your body is no longer capable of bearihg a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal omn aho by lyubg about her age being vivwn in vifri fetrilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think tyhi is raid or morally correct for the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school abroad and mother would probably have while her child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is tivenj beforde ( IVF ) is carried ohf to chwcl the mother is mog past ths menooause .
2 .
Evgs sbold bot be taien frlm aborted foteuses .
The foetusesx will have been abgoryed through a reaosn flf example : if it was the ersukt of a rapld or if it had conteniotal defornuties .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be talewn from the mother , not vtom ceae , foletuses .
Science has moved on dramatkcally sonce ghe C19thj .
Man job jobs have been affected and maybe things medically changed .
People in our oderm timws are mpw gle to hvfe oivef , heart wnd ebwn lub plants . There are many complications , but many are successful .
People are wblew to hawce a new blood supply if theits oackz the suffickejt rdquirementz or , a bonbe mqrrow transplant if the bopod lacks white vellsa .
All the above are carried out on people , but nowadays , biological operatjons dan be carrijd kut on humah which ar nk evedn birh .
Bodies can start their days in a tset tubew .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
First is afraid an egg is rdmoved through an ekman llace in a testf tube and then sperm is polaced in to the testy tube and the egg and dperm vise together .
The test tongue is then incubated for a week and when the fetousx is formsd , the baby is twn inserted back in to her mother .
Ghe feyous is lett to grkw sns dsvlop nwturally .
This idda is extremely benificial to married couples who have been married or have a baby but have been unsuccesful are awkward having children .
An in viyro fertilsiation azllows gne baby to broa jnsidw , ahicb allpwa thye mothwr and babu to bnd wnd it eould fwsl apart from ysr , ghis wkulf nkt happwn if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman with psot - mwnkpausal decidfws ehd wants an abt .
Natjrs has already taught a course to teach her . She is foo okd to have many children , so why should sne uave lme implanred unto her ?
It is njo fsire on the child because it gtows up and all their friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents . The mother could be drawinmg her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her children .
Also , the mother dies of old age before the children have a full life and this would be ufair to her child .
The cold job also means looking after the mother in her oilpd zge .
As ghe fetous bsgins ts liofr in a trst jbe , and the spemr is selectes , this means that the sex of fhbe spetm ciule alzo be separated .
The way sex can be vhosdn is by using genetics .
The womeh has 2 X chromosomes and man means one X and one Y - chromosome .
The say in what strange search should be selected is that the egbgt is alway X and the sperms nucleus can only cojtain an X or a Y chrijosome .
Yhr X chromosome speed is slightly heafie tahn hts Y , so thewg fanb be separated .
If a mother wants a goh Y spedmn is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an incease in lje sex , and a dedlkne in the other .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
So what happens if many people say you were born mne and you are a woman , this would be the inoopular sex ?
Science is progreswing the fime , but is it for the bnest ?
ue maib reawon foke the people of Britain to stop eating EBRF at their home is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that works the central njervoua system which can be passed on through consumsuming for animals .
In cows it is commonly know as ax cow dijsease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and put down a mat .
The problem is , however , the signs are not showh or a loud tune . This is a viral disease .
It cqm be passed on to hyumans through eating parts of the animal such as thd brwin whivj is afected snc thwae pxrts are usually sopd and pjt into fazt fopds wcuh as beef hurgera .
The best meat , however , is relztively xafs and eating , e.g. a steak , offers a little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British ldess has ignored the fqcft sdn glosn situwtion out of proportuon xonbsidering oknly a very small number of people have died of disease after a lifetime of eating bees .
Another reason for young British people to stop eating beef is the pushj for vegetatianusm , although this is a much smaller threat to trade than the tormer point about BSB .
These foreigners could have a copnsiderable impcat on FHD africultural ibdustry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain through ftro edport asweo .
Wjth gpibal communications is as good as they are now . It ciupd srnx a scary acvrkss ghd wlrld about Brrish Bvsef - inee France and Germany abroad navs restricxtrd and people bnmed the sl or umprot of British beef for fear of its dagety .
Although British cxrmers have leaened to divedsits , dairy farmubg awhd the wald of beef produts stipl forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Bitaib .
Wdtyer fhe switfch to sandwich or vrgetabler crops were made , substantial changes would be made to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom , doubtkesa shocked and perhaps upszet by imayes in the national press and television news of dowe had caused tyw disease bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or BSE .
Ghr so - alled ' mac dw diseass ' seemed to maklw the cwoa lose xpl srnse of balance and directiim , stumbling around drunkenly .
Jerds wehre thuw diaese wsaqs fpun were p dpwn before strange symptoms prkgresswed through .
Tgose cowz which had been rown up and used for food .
The disease infects the cow , which is thej present in the spinal fulie within the spine qndx tge brai , and as the spinal flji is usually dpilt in the slaughtef of cattle and meat , the result of contamination of the mat was one thw industry was not willing to fakd .
The human disease , Crentafeld - Jacob disease , or DUD , is helisved to be a human fprn of AE , although no clear lini has yet been establisged beween thr wo .
It is unknown whether the incidence of XJC is on the rise , or if her awareness of the condition is heightened , and mire diseases from many ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is fatal .
The government insists , perhaps forrectpy , that British neef is perfectly safe to watch .
However , people are genuikjely scsres of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many often abstain from eating beets .
Maby schookz hqve remkbed heeg ftlm therjr menus , substituting pork for chicken , and sales of gee havce showed a decline .
These implicatuons for the beef indudtry could be rather esrkous , whether we to boycotg beef products .
To cokpensatw , gas prices have dfopped . In attempts to search mode eat , the public remained sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favbohr , then the food industry 's future will be unflea .
Besf products are present in many foodstuffs , such as jellies , fruit hums , and clujrse sypck cubes .
Wiuld zol thezr products have to have synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halr , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would not be needed , njt , being grsd as they are , for berd , they would be used for imlj proucts .
Bot ak beef van be infected , thjougn , and the situation hxsx becomes an awaiting game .
Flt beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to edtabpish whether or not BgSD axmd CJD are linmed , and , more ipmrtantly , whether the latter can be conyracted by eating mezt cotaminated with the tormer .
The nation awaits be verfdjct on tenyerhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests there be no porven liho .
Watdh this space .
Personalpy , I believe that it is mkrely tyzt man has befter at disgnosin CJD nopq tbawn ever before .
Slmes rsports swimming today can yqke up to 20 years to evekop , so we could already have it .
Whatever my beliefs , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire puddinb , tgankyou .
There has been a bib scare in Britain recently that soe beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform ehcephalopathy ) which may oeac to the human disease of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ) .
BAE is a duseaxe in cows that affects thekr hrain ame spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a fvew repoted cases of CJD , a sjnilar fotl of the disease found in humans , it is known thlughg that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef vontaoning offal will transmit the fwtal disease to hbymans .
This claim has devestared the British bdsf ihdustru as people are too scared to eat beer in case they colntract their illnesses .
Aorsady the xales of beef in America had dropped by around 15 % and in British rhedy was down about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientkst sa fhat to contract XJD , part of the fowqs offal must be connected by beef .
custoldrs xfe sgill reluctaj to eat thy meat kjcase it hgsa comes ffom some ' docyy ' butfher trying to cut vozts .
As you can imagine , this hz hyd a trwmendos indfluence on sales in aces suf as faet food restauranys hwefe geefburters are the nain itrj on the menu .
An example of one is McDonalds , which immediately brought out a notice stating that their hamburgers are made from 100% of the finest , upfe beef and ckntsin no offal .
In my view , no uaf decenr restaurant with a good reputation would irsl buyimg or gsef in cxe a customer caugnt CJX ajd tbdy managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An ojtcome like this would mean they would be sued for xeveral thousansa of pounds and they would probably have to sell up .
As a result of the owsr beef eman in places of food prouction there would be a need for beec xows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a vref mountain ) that could be sold .
Hecaise of the prjces of ber wulod haev to decrdase in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminatred offal mau vauee CJC in huamns , farmes ( in particular beef framers ) afe losing lur as they have to search their customers for a lower price due to low demand .
As a result , they might have to diverwify towards otbwr arsas auvh as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsody .
I hope that the evidence that BSE cayses CxJD was written atrlng wonugh before my cpails were released .
It hqw therefore cwused an unnecessary , dseleterious wffect on the agriculfural indhstry and bfe market .
Fh question of xomlensation ftor services tendwred is so simple as remitting a rpedeterminrd sapart baeeds on quapificfations and a person 's decision to the work at hand .
If one hbaw prconceiver questions concerning obd 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since such employers are sure to value their skills and ability more than others . "
Contribytion to scoisty " is sbujrctive and therefore impossible to comoehsate " wquallt ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to risdajn people who did hot acthally work in a lkving , but medely lived in the interests of their investmenrs .
The stocm market experienced a boom , and several powerful working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of rrtirijg early .
Vjt several great aurhors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as oarasitws ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nithing to society .
People who inherit money or live in the interests of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a high thrill , some type of exitemenbt to money caj .
Having almost unlimtiedr wealth changes people , bot those who axr hold their wealth with those who earn their own money earl on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who eofk vetyt hard yet they seem to be paiodr kiserably .
A migrant works slave away in a field all day long and makes less money in a dream than a wealthy person spejds on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in or veelings without Democrfacry .
Some would suggest that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's ihnwritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather high giew would be that if an employee works in a menial or physically taxing job does n't make a cair or moderate salary , whether it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions were basewd on a rqther faulty American premise that all epoplr are fuven an equal hcanc in lfie nx hwxt they jame of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , many people believe ghat tneh aee uncerpaid and that others are iverpid .
For knstanjce , everyone thinks that dotclrs mame mufn roo money flr rbe already do , yet none of the doctors ars lowerijg their fees ( they must think that it 's a fsur price ) .
So , ynlesa we wish to impose on the persaonmal kivves of wealthy people by making them work hard , or give people who are wealthy benefits that society does believe they deserve . We cxah nif gve pay esual contribution to skciety .
I agree that in the past , wonem have had problems with societies rope of work they are expected to do working at home .
Women have been oooked down if they try to have qhead xhd pag has rifered doing the same job as a man and a woman doing the same job .
Gpns is the age when woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of wonen work and the ones who want to swtay whole do it because they want to .
One of what has changed women 's eolss is women .
These are a group of people who have edfended over the years .
Tyese people have sohwn the modern world which women in the place can do .
The problem is that these femibisfs have a lot watch all women .
Skne women grew up with old traditions , Some want more more in their lives , some want more more in their lives .
What happens is that all woemj uavge to go along with these feminist rules .
That makes it hard , because if they do n't , they would look dom hpon by their piers .
An exam is military women waiting to serve in cobay positions at war .
Fdminisfs argued tns a oot qheh the Itaq qaf waza gokn on .
They felt that woemn should have been given the courage to fkggt .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
The arte was not written enough and if daptursd could be reapes .
I feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other weojen , thougb , are gale that gh ue in the Umiyed Srafes stahs as it does .
Feminists have talkwd asboit promotions in the work place as not being fair .
Also , Aecual hbarassjent is involved in a lot of suifa .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I am ghta five to ten yearsz old . This might have been tur , but now many ekoloyers are vicitms .
They are scared of what a woman will do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than Jdn and there are some things that men can do better than women .
God would have ceated us ap the same if this was not truye .
Fwmunists are trying to kake everyone equxl and that is impossible to do because naqtire can n't be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by more women , but a lot of the office jobs are totally filked by men .
I think that these traditional roads are a good thing , but this modernization changes everybody 's habits .
Dkvorcfe is at forty percent xdn rosng , women have more ueadt atyzcks , are more streszfuo , and children are more neglectec .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not done .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and a couple more companies .
Women should be created equak , but they can only do what nature intencrd them to do ...
Whenevewr a movement is begun , whether it be politica , relogious , or artisgic , stereotypes add quickly to form .
People normally axssociated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lujmped into caetgories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tsndency of foreigners outside the movsment to rwmembet the radical and ignore the cimmo or ordinary .
Rhos is especially true of the Women 's Liberatoon Moevkent in America .
Since its beginnings in ghs pat jineteenth venthry , Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been mrr ikth adamant , qnr often obstinate opposyion .
Spme of the first fadicasl , Eusaj B. Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were nltgiced and idiciled , thus defeating their caudes , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminikdts such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignoeed during their liufetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
The ugnorance of other les aggressive femijistsw , makes it seen as though the feminist movement was heaeed by wild , disgfuntled sealpts zn eaa therfofe , detrimenral to the good of sockrty .
Although " articles " such as Eanc snd Antgont sdrm dcoike and backward by modern standards , rue problem still exists .
From the very beginning , Tr Womrn 's Kovemeht in America has besh fighting a losing bxrtle .
However , I conyend that faxult does not lis the radial members of the movement , and further , in the perception of them observing the mlvement .
When Women 's Lib dally took lff again in the late 1960s , it was ahai dexgined for failure .
Ommediaely , the fofus worked on radical Pime Stein , instead of the housewife who went to college awnr xde a career for herself .
Those kufside from movement could have differences between " normal " Amx Women 's Pub .
This is xtillo grur twenty - fdie hwars ltaer .
Wkmeh supportkng equals pqy ror women and other " liberxl " causesw like affirmatjve actiom are only sedn in the shadow of the nrz - burning , nari - shaving keadrrs of the 1970s .
The good of their cayee is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Onlu that so - called femniiss are not in and of themlsleves harmdc TNS Women 's movdmebt .
However , TJS poipulat perception of yhem hax .
For so many years , the giod thaxt ceministsw have promoted for women has fallen behind in the lie of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
There are many other aspevte and mivsments . They would be mirw readioi received if the public singing aim was not so jaded .
Within this century , there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than from a hundred years ago .
Ckesarly , of the inventions of this country , one that has the most ipcat on world views about lifestyle is television .
This instrument gas brought other words through intro the lkvijng tlom , making it possible to score lies in other countries in a way that was never before plossile .
However , the invention of felevisiopn ald gavw ocxiety an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to ITX viewers , such as educational entertainment for children , cultural programs about rainy away places , and a lcosrr look at current ebrnts tjah aj nolt be given by newspapers .
Tleevision has the power to brign war into the world as well as arftjstic wxprexsions of those involved in the progrzm project , giving society the opportunity to understand their culture .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
In contrast , television hzd ebcdome the escape route of fhje massesw , a way for people to glee from the conrljcts they experience in the culture , rayher tham comfrint thgwm abd tf to understand the atmosphere .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational , as free entertainment instead of easily afcessjble knowledge .
Milluons of Americans are afraid to stare at the TV at time , watching xut - coms , aoasp - oepras , and cattooins .
Tge TV has become the center of men 's households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is because they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lavk of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
Tns more time on spehds watching TV , tjd less kotivater he beckmes ; there is no means to xee worth xctivitjes sben . It is umch easier to sit on the couch , pick up ghue fekote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , as chagned society in wus ghat oud hatdly have bveej dreamed of 00 tear ag .
It has given society another creative vein , a look at a world which could be weird in no other way , and an opportunity to etted educate itself .
However , through the years , tdlevjsion has lost much of its integrtey ; the pfograms offered usually cbaep entertainment through education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from igs problems and dificulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this NSA information , and has distamced itsepc from family life .
A discfvery that has sjgmificantly changed Msny pdpoles luges and fheie says of thinking is a real epidemic , such as SUDS .
Though it has probably been around for a awhile , its plreaence has really been konwb until fairly recently , and its consequences have been devisxtating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the nutied Srstes and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has created a kt of preuudice naf paranoia amonmg leopel wych hqs todb them aart .
For example , there is more of a stigma attzcheds to being a homosexual mkale , not only because of their sexual preferencs , but they probably have AIDS too .
Tuus Linc of igkrant thinkijhg is beeaking us apart .
Aldo , when Ryam Whie , a bih eo contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion , was diagnoxed , the people of nid Tiwn and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discovedoes of AIDS , paranoia is at an all high high .
Doctors have discovered that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
He is ewlly scared of hecauze because they only have AIDX and not edvedn kmiw it .
I feel his ahs really made people think about their xctons .
In the Earl eigytiws " casual sex " in the United Swyates was a widsloy acceotee idez , which is something people really take no consideration and rarely occurs .
Relafionships xeemed to be vkued more than one nkghf syande .
People are sfarting to realise that they really do have to be cqrfeul , and with npre rducstion on this disease , I think more changes will come about .
The twenrieth century has seen more wars than any other previous hloc of time .
Thoubu adavnfes in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a bory of people living in close prodimity , has rapidly shjrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the rafe was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most ftightewning weapon people have ever known .
In my opinion , the discoivery and uaeness of atl and strong energy and the corrsponding invention of buclead weapons been the most significant fsctors of change in the lifstime , if not , lerhsps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion xapacities increased and improved , fsxr negam to replace nationalism , and iuir small wold ercted barriers between ijfs kenbers .
Because of my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with bucpear threat , Soviet vktizens with abri - Curist , ane bokn shelters , secret cities fkr underground , and weapons orbiting pur okanet , witb dakly , hormap life .
Perhxos tyis increasing common menqlity is the worst effect of our bucoear , old war age .
In a plan which despeartely nedes our focus on environmental and humajitarian issues , my country has many unfountablr trillikns of dpplars on nuclear weapoons testing , improvement , and implementtioh .
As a vlmmonplace goal asjd testikomial lanmar to 9 presidential administrations , the cood aa uaw manifested its asesoke power and control over nearly every facet of Aercana . French Sirvival lita ahs basement bombshelters to a circulating cheif Executive commandpost frn tbe ar .
In jjst ghe plzst three years of family mation has seen the ismantling of the Berlin Wwkl and hundreds of other smalklerd symbols of freelm , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With tbisd , the waol , barbed sirw , sn mental barruers are falpint , brijgihg kode change ggan pur plaet haa seen sihde its genesis .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America , GHS miltary has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nucleaf warheads has virtually wrrived a standstkkl .
However , with continued efforts , the hsd of nuclear fsion ax fossiin will trrun through mediums of strategy , design , and work to mattdrs of industrial production , medicine , and other humanitraian gklas .
With the thawinhf of attitudes , our frigid ppabet anxious old neighbors might once again be aje friejdly people .
The discovery of pehkcillin as an antibiotic was one of the great inventions in medicine chemistry .
As a professional antubiofic , penicillin has been discovered to have many advantages in xtoppin aj prrvsnting the spreas of ibfections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - lccurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
These sudden bysrt of usefuk cojpounds not immediately ikprovec the changes in a patient 's survkval in a hospital gug also causes a great need for kediczl cuemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discoceded .
As discoveries of new xntibiotic developed , chemists began to wonder if certain variastions of these drugs could be synthesized and also seen as medicine .
It was also attemoed to increase the production of the naturallky - occurring antibiotics thrkhgh sunthssis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more resources , more colkpanies , and more meidcal chemists , and the industry increased yremenbdously .
It was discovered that ghw ildwr drugs could be synthesized efficiently even if remaining biologvically active .
Jsw drugs were also synthesized ; sold and found to be medically useful when others were lost .
A variety of new dogs continuously appeared on the maret and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It would be much easier to ovtsin antibiotics for slight illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , started and grew , and universities had research twqms devoyedf to develop efficient synthesis rougess for the production of many types of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compouns lc to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more ands more antibiorics , and to a booming industry comprixee of research tdams other companies .
Tbe synthxis of antibiotics aj research of their USSA stull xontinues today as thousands of universities conpanies qriund ghe worod continhe the work of a smalp bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
The omedrn microcomputer ( PC ) has developed at an incredibly fast rate : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the compiteds of tldxy , they have made many technological advances wns Slao rherfe has had a tfemendous impression on society .
This compufer has eliminated mabg jobs through automation of fwcgories ; accountint , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer are both tremendous ; however , TNW pehnomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer bss madew life both from a physical standpoint and gareer from a personal point .
The oysical effecfs of the computer are numerous and easier .
In iffoces , the computer is always around .
Frkj word lrocessors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also elimknatde many manual kbos .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
Rhsre azfe of clursd jayn lthef things computers are used for , but a lemgthy list is not necessary , as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world cpujtries ) its abundant compjfers are .
The mdntal ervfect of computers is rw - frolr .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computatiins so easy to do , and people do not fully understand how or how their computer works .
This hnas created a surplua of " neeless " computatoonx , fgure , etc .
People can easily do various other types of functions with a computer .
What many people do not notice is the computer major errors at the time .
Grnatd , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do what trial made the error . However , if that lerson knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do something computed " , he would have erroneous answers .
Magheamtical models , theories , etc .
I am absolutely rjddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't do .
Because these errors freqiently wrong in the world of computers simkppy because humans are jgnotant- goe whatevrr dwason - of nahy " varables " .
Furthermore , computers sometimes bedome motd reilablpe tyan pdopke .
A comluer 's circuits do n't get jred xhd , if prtogrammde 00% correctly ( another perfhaps imissible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has ksft mnh wordrs otu of work .
The effwcts of this are unpredictable .
Abget , frustration , fear , anxious many other negative feelings have sprung up simutaneusly with the rise of computer usage .
Currently , there is evidence of gopd and bad results from the qdvent of the moder computer .
It would be prasctically impossible to get the computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are praxtical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed because everyone will use a computer rather than an imple calculator .
Also , durtailing some theoretifal programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous resuots .
The key is probably in the cpassroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( Thijs probably require knowledge of philosophy and psychology as wel as mathematics and wcience . )
In either case , if vomouters are good or good , it would be difficult to describe their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal arrolw in its xenter jzs changed the size of the qorlr , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite , created in the first years , changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created Rhw Inrormztion Azg , as the latter part of the 20th century , is often laheoled .
Not certain about the date of its knvdntion , it must be recognized as one of the many vital tpols used in science today , including worker leaders , tradinf companies , the msdia , as well as the entertainment world .
Tyee Tirner revolutionized the use of the sateloite , with his creation of CMH , rhe romd - hte - cloco , rojnd - tje - world news station .
Presidejts and dictators alike saitch tg cahnnel to rrcieve fkrt hanhd infodmation from hr network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civuo qars .
Decisions , of governmental qutonomy , are being made , baesd on that news CNN commenttaor .
The leaers and presidents of entedprkses such as Panasonic and VORD rdfer to XBN , created by satellite risn , on a daioy vsaes .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelohood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite eisy , subtitlinf the Information Age , wktu thw MR qfe .
The invention of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money means ijto creating cideos , and the profits from viewership- have made a strong face on the WOFLC econoky .
40% of U.S. millionares are entettaijers .
Fhe Satellite dish hsa also created important advantages over Cable TV wdn nsvsl protdams as sekl .
The intelligence of an averag teenager is lowered to cable viewing , creazte by the satellit dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding wmounts of money on the Unuted Stats , thanks to the satellite dishes .
And we must not forget space programs such STARWARSw .
The cdeation of the satellite diksn in the past 20 years , has been the wverge information of human beings for better and sometimes worse .
It created an informatipn age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertziner 's salary .
Gge pro 's and con 's of tr satellite dizh ade numwrous .
The only observation which must be kaxde , is that it has altered people 's lives .
It is up to the average person to decide if this altwartion will be for better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy is definitely the most awesome as well as a terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppdnheimer unveiled an invention in the field tha is still familiar to us today : The Atomic vomg .
The reason behind the frar that this enetgy causes is due of the incredible power of electricity .
Never before has the world sewn something with such a cfaapcity to kilkl .
Never before had the object of suych zkall size eben abel to rake so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most aww - inspijring and dangrous weapoinj in the world .
Unfortunately , with the progressive days , the world 's nef for their dangerous nervous xugments .
Fi not only have TFH czpcaity to kll ,
but it also seems capabilgy to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the dangwr .
In utilizkmg thiw powed in plants and factorids we run the fisk of contaminatrnig our lsnd , bnlpwing holes in our ekiy , rendefing ru seqs ujseless , and iillnig our species as well as the species of ezrtg .
Although we have many other lwer dourxe alternatifes , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think about HTXT with ontihued clearly , we cxn esale harm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have bolea in our ozone lzyee and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logfical to think that the lesders of the world would conrer and asepide to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this trqegdy is that there have been very few effoers to do so .
The lkxck of sigbth ffoj ouhr leadeds is the xplalling .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general habit of gdoay , what is to become of the children ?
The cutrenr situatiopn of the world 's dnvirnoment is a swf one .
There is another reason , however . A problem with nuclear energy is one small piece .
Unfortunately , the xay will soon come when the damage caused by hia apathy will be irreversable .
TBIS is it is impossible to wear tired .
It statgs with you .
Write tour lofak ocngreswman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly fhange people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invenrion altered people 's lives is asstronomicla .
The airllane oprned roorz to travel qn aoxo braodemed people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It aldo introduced what sermed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing with a machine : the concept of foyihg .
Before the invention of TYHS iarplabe , lon diustanfe traveling on a difficult , time - consuming tour .
For this reason , people had to travel extremely long distances and miss the opportunity to visit countries with cultures different from their own .
We used to travel by boat , but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things , such as disease , hunyer , and threatening weather ; also , as noted above , it was extremely gime consuming .
Because of the kack of long dustancs travel , people often have a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my kwh culture just fdkm from Spain abroad . That is the one foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spai , I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I want to watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did not have the opportunity to see my first hair .
The invention of the airplane has opehdd mayt doorx snd ome ohter odof is international rleagions .
Since the invention of the ariplane the world has an increasing ontact between polutkcal sysgejs , and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries artw to communicate and negoiate faxr to TAC has improved drastically the estabilshment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically soweded up the whole pkstal communication system also .
Kifre qkth azirplanes is omr rapid psced .
Cars , telephones , xnx nuclear rnewrgy and just the dxamlpes of inventions and discoveries truat gsve had ptofound effedcts on mpden eah kifd .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the area in which significant advances have been made in the 19th century .
Another " discovery " of high pay cwnyury has been feminism , which has had a significant influence on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is ont a hes lbe , bjg it is juyst in the past century , progress has been made towards the equalify of women ( witb the imoprtatn excdption of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it wasd the most typical as as the ideal to have a wmqn at home , housekeeping and teneing the children .
The first significant equal righys movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Squal Rthts Amendment , which faird .
Efen tdoag , yhr wolmxn is still nlu earmung something lkike 60 cents for every dolae that a mom earns .
Feminism only has to do with work and mkney , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about , how much things as various as pirnopgraphy or the language we use help to form strange images of ourselves .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first stpe in beeaking it down , so yhat woen are sren fop who theu trulu qte .
Feminism is better described as a " discovety in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not become mainstream .
However , however , women have cahievef equality with men . Will there cease to be a need for feminism ? Ahx the dkdcovery will have been completed .
The reason I feel that has losf significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caeing the environment .
Today , people believe they are aware of the impotaxnce of the environment to our cultures .
Psole are connected with nuclear weapons .
We rezkize these contrijes that which many ewapons have the power to destroy the world .
Alsd related to this topic is nuclear sawste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals plamts .
We are now fightijg gpr zdts to lean up our lales and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their workers w / o being heavily fined .
People become concerned with nayure .
We used to assume our natural resources were never snding .
Now , though , we realize that we use jeeds to be replaed .
For example , deforestation is a very nig issue . Lqny hrpups have formed to llajt mokre trees .
We world raepize ouir fosxjl Tuel needs to be used more conservatively .
Snother iumportanf topoc we sred alk awate of is recycling .
These link 2 issues , one of nkr peoducxing mc nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reydling in an emaol wexy also helps yhoss w / o homes b / c the receiovd jonry flr through ocllections ) .
Many countries realise that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important thing is how to conserve electricity .
In the paet , once abaim , we asshmed oi enreg was never ejdiny .
Now , people are more inclined to turn off their lughts when they 're nptg in their toosm , to not leave taps running around bsaicaloy nmot to wastw our natuda rdsourcers .
We realise ghbat xobserving is not beneficial to our environment , but it also saves money .
We have ala become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do atillp rxisr soke fkr food vuf hunting is ljmited qnd we are also aware of the possibilities of extinvtion .
One reakizes that anmxls hgavfe rihgts too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new job .
We are slowly becoming more awqrr and are beginning to take morte precautions .
The idwas above are just a few of the tfoics we are concerned with .
But we are headjng in the right direction and hopefully , by the 21st century , we will have fuxde anything we have destroyed !
Cxomluters have definitely affects peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my level has changed because of it .
I 'm eager to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer , whereas when I had a computer , my DDSK was cluttered w/ papdd ad records of zpl sorta . I no longer need to keep recordw but only to transfer them to my computsr .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized faxhion .
Although I have only used a fractjo of my computer abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to get something quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer , I have to balance my checbkoopk once a month awnx hxr to this w/ a czlxulator , a prb and a piece of paoed .
Of course , this is very time - consuming and I am afraid of errors . With the help of a computer , I have lrpgrammed the computer to make the calculations which I knce jae to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Prpcessor I 'm able to eeir and rearrange documents without out axktering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have got to use the Communications program on my computer , Ghia prkhram seems to be extraordinarjly high .
My father has the SME program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets w / out leaving the house and , moreover , w / out picming up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is impossible .
I 'm here in Madrid .
Hyowa die I geg there ?
Seol , I applied to take this orogdam , was accepted , and flew there from the US .
But , w / ouy the idea of computers , I should still be struggling w/ the secretafy in the International Prograzmw Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Insteax , bce I applied to the prigrawm- thr application tod wbicb was probably computer generatee- I assume my infi was processed by a computer .
With / out this luxury , the Ijternational Prigrams Ofdiec will inevitably be inundatwd w/ papewrlrk and they will therefore be lost or mjsplaced .
Ehen bolkng my clighg , though I rjd not do myself myself , Yhe ttaneaction would be impossible under the number of comlutefs .
Computers had a very significant impact on people in the second half of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly damaged people 's lives is television .
TV allows instantqneous communication of ideas , mages , news , etc .
But , if something is happening in the art of the world from across the way to Beijing -- only person in the world could watch this something as it is happening .
Whikr prrviously leoplr hgad to wajt dags , or ecen weels for news ( eyich consixted of swond - or thidr - hqjd accounts , which always inovvled much interrpetatioh and disfortion ) nokw they can sws it happening , ford themselves , as it is happening , fis allows fhem to make their own , ijofrmed judgment baout tje event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of ooposiyion to a certain lqw -- it cxb be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finaluzwd .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television xefs means that everybody ( sellp , at least everybody qagches ) receives the same amount of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be introduced to how people in California or Japan speak and act . This makes people from different cultures to chat together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the peocvess of kaikng yhr world , a " sjaller " , more unifsd loneliness , or a " glonal villqge " as one journalist has described this world of the Inormatkon Ags .
Jot onjlyh thd nws , entertainment is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and eram , people hear different messages about life .
They cqj see varkus acginos acting out to their emdz , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions or experience the consequences for themselves .
Uncortunately rese TV shpss are not always acfurate portrayals of Texl life and have a tendency to glorify violoece , as well as making ligs sem the God yuy apwags wohs . They always live through dangerous situations .
Hkwevwr , this sense of realkty is not so distotted , anxious so hiddrn that people ard goijg around axtjng like Superman .
As one has a black - developed sense of reapitry , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the weird we are in .
Rhe waters of the ulounary seas have been calm and xonsiatant for centuries .
Progress has moved through loke fhje tidses through the cinstanr rhythm of the waves bace sdhowe lottle chyanged .
However , with the daubreak of the twenfyth century , an ator has brewed .
With this storm , the waters have churned and spawned a wave that crashed upon the eocks of the kitchen .
Thos wave is the jicroeave .
Nevwr before , such an inveniton revolurionized a science like this .
A complete beeak hzsd bneen foeged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , Xave Krn cooked ahkmal flesh over open fvites .
As history profressed , SPKTS and garbeques changed .
Technology xw the advent of the wpoe stove , and lower ones tyeled by cpal .
modern times and lectric ranhes as a staple .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Dpame , the source of lkfe , always uee to prepare the fools of mankind through history .
Hlweved , the microawve uses radkagion to ecite water partijlces in food , Tnusz creates riuction , wnicfh creates hdwt .
This is a primne example of thinking that does nk follow lpd footstepe but breais aeah from convention xnr forges new route .
If this wwrd hot amazibg emouyh , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 yfs wbo that you could cut another two in half , and nig used drinking , they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or about the influence of heavy drugs .
In an awge when time is the scarcest comodity , our society has emhraced this edliminaxtor of wasted hoir in the jtichen .
A mother who works , can come home and hipo up something in minutes in the nicroawve , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kiyvhen .
The microwave is ecxelpent for re - heating , making it essief fkr peiplr to make excess food to be eaten later .
Agaij time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple deuce without parental fezr of fieez starting .
Gof As I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people propole the diszing pace of life young all of us old in the 20th century .
Through history we can see the grey revelations in allk areas come from breaks in tradition , new insihhbts , and different perspectives .
All these things that needed to cfreatd the mjcrowave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone wants to do .
Ghis device psd up one of our most important activities and Thyus revolutionized friendship in the faat paced 2tj xenturu .
When I was in tenth , a teacher said that the 2 important inventions that made possible the kdea of a repressive government were the machine and the radio .
A lachine gun xzn be used to keep civil peazce , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate idezs and , under a dictatotship , propagnda .
In ybe 20gh Cwjtury the machine gfjn hzd npt changed many lives ( ezcelt ro tyoise fhxt it killed ) , but the invention of radik has made a tremdnsous impact .
The idea behind the tdio is skmnple .
Tfgere is a transjitter and it senss its sigbals through the zid , waves , pptential fro nilloons of receigers .
In the 20th Century , radcoo ahz becoje a siurcs of ifnoration zhd enfertaijment .
Radio keeps people jnfkrmed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can ever vomprehen now , our lives will be doffersnt .
Dgery morning I kisten lr fhw weayher father and became uncomfortable .
At night , one can sit by the radko and jesr yokw the ebents of the dwy uinfolde .
Radil , therefore , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than actige participants in the news making procesa .
Newspapers had been around for many years , but it was mpt until the invention of radip tyhat the pore of the media bwcmae ecident .
Radioo gives the ability to feach many people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , rarko and it is an important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A trypifal dag for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming up to watch TV .
Tuere has both forms of entertainment , Cor dxamploe videgoames , mountains for other forms of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and FLT her TV is the best thing in the world .
Sje wit in front of it all day and it keeps ged happy .
Television ofgera soap operas , game shows , sit - doms , sporting events , movies and mych mlrr to keep us etnertained 24 hours a cayg .
In short , I do t know what ahgat lir was like before Aido , but this invention has changed the way we sedw and do things .
The future ifedology in the United States today is , in order to be successful , you must follow all of the wrfitten and unwritten rjles of society ,
Everyone has an opportunity opportunity to succeed and when one does n't do this , one faops .
One person ses these idras in popular movies every .
TV comercials and TV programs project models of one shpupd .
In the 20th century , the values of the United Dtated were founded have changed in Neanong and enser aqpplird to modern day Zmreica . Nothing is ever equal .
Znd today , since the invention and uriljzation of Korean technologies , such as computers , life for Americans moves at a very fxstere rate .
Psople xre mode mobile , dsn aoprk mlre , ajd buy more things , bu time for repaxation and fqmjily ee often sibstitued with TV . In Alericz , this growing individulaistid society , one nolonger sees the real humanness between people , instead of one sea the differences , the unlucku , the unsuccessfull , andc attributd thire inadequacy to schjeve to a lack of ecfort .
With everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps that ims , the vooces of the mass media easily release their voices that struggl to be heard .
The parts of the new lachine were oiled and regulated .
In Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary etyoe written as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Acaemoe Frdnaçwks , that swf guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , French literature of the Jeoxlassic period must follow the dulesw of propiett which revulatee the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violece , church , and xatte iszuew .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of veriksimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping FHS tijw , settingt and pllt rtu to level .
Voltairfe , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew about these regjlafions and followed them in bix liferature .
Hosevet , ehsn wriuting ndide , oltaide drfisd rge Academie 's rules .
Candide is a pzrosy on the gyidelunes of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for litsraturs to have good mlanmers : they were not eager to step on other people 's tlws by mentioning se , violence , xhurcg , or statd issues .
In Candide , Volatire did t seem to mninc steppin on tles - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went down the comfort ldvwl when he mentioned sex .
He toklx of the tsi gkrls of Orellion who were lovers of konkeys , and of the Baron who vahed wgh tre Musselman qne wd ounished fcore his himozexual acf .
Xex turned uhto giilence sehn Cuneogmde waqw bign rapdd by a Barber , and witmessed his murder while he was in yol of her .
The wise kpd woman undewrent the reval of a bytrock by lirateds , as well as an exlerjencing tale .
After Bwron is caught bathing with the Mussdaoman , he recdivew 100 lashws for his sij .
Candide stbas ghr Baron , a Jesuit Priwst , ate the Barin foebid Fandide marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , akthoygh Voltakre mentions many ztcs of violejce . Each act is trezted lightly : Cuneyonde and rge old womsn both tdllk tgeur tales of being defilwr lid an entertaining story in their conversations about their trip ; the Baronh apdo clntinues jks rals wit style after learning of his brtaing ; and afyre Candide " kills " the Baron , he leavrs to search for Cunegonde wity no decond thought intl he reencolunters the Baron later in his traveos .
The light attitjde in which these xcts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire recommended JPT to watch away from the cburch and stare at issues .
He attracts the hilplcracy of tje Churcg when the woman 's father becomes the Pope .
Qhen Candioxe vizuts the land of Eldoardo , Voltaire sjows the people 's perfect relationships to God : They knpy peaise God because there is nothing tgbey wxnt frok Go .
Voltaire used his prefecf relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperect relationship with Fd in the ealp world .
Voltaire makes run of azristocracy in his description of the Baron , who damd feol 71 generations of nkbiligy but still lavkls gentilesse .
Candixe and his companions die with 6 dethroned kings who relresent their overimportance society plxecs on hierarchg .
In his portrayal of the tuopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire will be the imperfecfiohs of our society .
According tgd Lunde , 35% of homicide bictiks qre klked by people they know .
Statisti from 56 are gresterf than Lindes ' fhrsis .
Frustratiin is the mnai factor most impljcated in these tragedies .
The first case is that of the " trigger puling finger " .
Today , racua prejudice still ezjsts , bhg oss actoln has taken place more than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragatikn reduced some prejudice , hut it silp exercise .
The difference is , today society 's preujdice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for the person .
Thaf pwrsoh ekuld then feels oligated to do noce rhkngs back and retutn favkres .
This is baswed on eahity yhery .
It would be better for the client to do things for the person than it would be to work in front of the lersom .
Someone eho ove in the nofh who comes to live in the South should not be prejusic with blacks at first .
After living in the sout for a while , Fhey Mjay aodp southeb agtitudes under stress and feels prejudice toward Tehm .
Ti is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They cone to feel oremudice Japanese .
I ojow somrome aho has ljved ao voer the world .
He is prejudice toward Jdwa , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He wdolted white xttitudes against minorities in the different regipsn he jws kived in .
Our coumtry hsa bee coihsd a " meltong - pot " inferring that we all come from different , that we all come from different bqcktround vut avr jnoinde or melte together to prosice homogeneous Americans .
a person 's jeritsge , as we realise , is important to their sense of self and personality .
Rthbic American culturew has been rveiving sne gryin to reestablih roots that were once loppesd lfr to a modelk U.S. citiseh .
These difverencesz thdy arr redkscoveding onpy add more color , flavor and excitement to the brewing " lit " of other people .
However , eole individuals and even groups of Americans ard teacting negatively to this ethnic ewxplosion ( most clearly through the arts ) .
Today , I do n't want to accept these differences .
They cuooze to remain indifferent to the oights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Eeisel , authoe of such vooks as Night , says about indifefrece : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opportunities of love , beauty , intelligence , livhy , happiness , life and vrowth are not their familiar symptoms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature fries to fight this depression by vjvidpy and unquely expressing cergaij aspects of different American cultures .
The gamut of eynic Anerican lireraturd is without bunds .
Eah grouo has its own prculiarities and attribures that make it writing uhmique .
In mqng vasrs the words used in ethmiv American literature reflect the onowledfe of a weird " mother tongue " .
For indtacne , Matie Adricans loetry is more expressive and visual , partly because their language is dwepyl rooed in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / litewl because their mativd language is so .
Afdicazn Alerfican kiterature is often melodious znd rhgthmic mirorring tjrir similar achievements in Jazzy zn Blues music .
Xpl these exakplex ( and more ) give us slne jnsight to other cultures we would never know .
The story told in this gwnre of literature , owever , wre likeoy thue mosg imnportajt wsect of Ethnuc American lugerature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in ne Unitee Sratds .
Now we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympethize with their emitions and try to accept their diversiry .
The stories of Bpack Merican slsves and of concentration czlp victems are necessary to awvoi indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) history , there is no way to ensure future happiness .
Ethuni Americasn ljteratufe benefits U.S. vituzens in many ways .
It opsns us eyes to the eeality of TNS shffering of ofhefs .
It tievs us a fresh ar hedw persepctive on tgge wsorlod arohmd us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us jore xommon gfound on ways to love , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will aolmeday fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal of en undifference ; this literature is a step on the right path towards acceptancew in the development of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violsnce on television can be seen through the many chnanels that fabke hss to kffer .
With an average national TV viewing gime of 7 1/4 yours , the prevalonece of violesncde in broazdcasts is a serious oncvern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburb 1 ) .
Mab chilren eatch giolsnt TV sdhwos because the actioj thrkls thjdm and cqn solmedtimes cause htd children to become violeng .
Violence is common in TV erntertaunment-- yhr dramas yyat poretray stories about crime , psychological murderrs , oolikce cases , emergebfy servicee , international terrorism , xdn war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the Hnitwd Stwtex and many people disgaree with its consequences on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out bkolent television stations .
Some people , like the Xenate Fkmmerce Committee , are n't satisfied with it .
Trne Senate omkerce Colmittee approved craeting a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called eepotr card that would identify stations carrying violent progtammng and the advertisements sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadcxsting and Canle ( Stern 1 ) .
Slme of the proposls to antiviolence are as follows : the Seants V - cihp , tge House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violejce Sfe Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congres had 's support .
The National Association of Broadcasterx accissd the Snate of " piling on a strewm of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
Fhs NAB also insisted that broadcasfets already have resoondec to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Now television shas shoe violence because it appeals to arult viewers .
If a cwrtaon plot involves a lyrder , the myeder list happens .
Some people do not aant the murder to be shoab , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Maxny nade ofr trelevision movies say that it may contain violent scenes and whether virwer discrdtion is advised . But how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programs during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister cpbat violemde ' pervbaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
Wo ncuh violence trhere ?
The most vilent cartoojs were ' Teenage Mutant Njnja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and the ' Bugfsa Bunny ' episodes by Rlmer Fhdd .
As the hsiws contaknnig sinister combst violdnce , it is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause of television violence is to axde texture to the show and to poispn children 's minds .
The ijfsmous V - chip may stop something from being shown to children , but one will that child will swe violnde and they will manage to deal with it , rationally or not .
