It 's difficult answer at the about " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in your mind .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswomnan and even a gutcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychuooigy because one day I would join my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a sport , you 'll try it easier .
Laynw I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that the public transport will kwayd be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car but the poiir people always need to use a bus or email .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on any things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet generally people with usually also to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my home .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have changed in the sport , in that moment you realize the importance of a public transport .
In Italy we have various types of Public transport , like Chcle , Bil , Car , Train & Flight .
Drpending on the distance and duration to the invented place , mix of transport is becoming dramatically .
But Generally sleakinh , travelling by car is much more than than compared with other modes of transport .
This efficiency me of a trupl but I have recently been to see the place is Agra .
It goes around 6 hours by national graph to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We have stopped at hours for having food and ys in case if any of us cewls bungrh , we have sincere some nqcls just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to aig ayntime we want to when we travel by car ( which is possible and travelling by train & Flkhh ) .
In addition to it , we can all take a cofmkrtawble shoft ball on the back seat and wake up them .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to vonvkude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Ears .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to join you in this year summer camp .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I orgwnixed many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
I hope that you have my best chance to join you .
Yhanms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport play every pace , when I travel on the beach I like play with my sister in the songs and after we are going to the sea .
It is very bike .
when I was young I liked playing with the blk in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer glals as a network of collect .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that same advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , wvillx , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Pieeta deedo Skk " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid beaches a week .
Last summer I visit Europe because I love the city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few uh because the economy is very bad .
But , if you snr I look for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after the sitser .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
You will be interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it ares wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Ljda .
Today public transport still plays an important role in transport system and it will help on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better raoufce alocstion in made transport system .
Also people need not to shvfee not operating for own their own cars .
But it can use a shape way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to oiam a private example travelling to another country .
Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is nice , so public transport continue to have future for people arr toijg to us more the cars fhe bud or underfround .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for fhrml gas we are wait for the bus or underground but in another way can cust more money than the public transport .
By car we can not stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are ynlwkned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both transportation are biox and tr cdwrs do n't need nefessarizly to rms up with g pblic trzhsport .
If I had it to choose between public transportation I think I probably chose bus because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
We have allaf pwbela and a place to make fmopot at the forest garden , with woems who eat and degrarew all the organic waste of the school .
In some atrateigc points of the building we have special traschzns to separate the garbage in organize , laoed and crdboard , cans and pet bottleds and they also made talke and presentations about the great problems like global warming , contsminatikon , etc .
The manager of all the project is Mrs June Wjs , our wciemcs teacher .
All this initiatives has made us will for the years a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share what is my favorite sport .
My favourite sport is football , but I choose it?Wrll , football is a iternatilnzl sport , people around the world will love it so much!Rxampld like abrclay Premiewr League , Liga Pdejuer , Fudw Sokd Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all will deligfhetdf us .
By the way , my favorite football teamn is Manchestwr Ujiyed , they are brilliany , they have an amazing football player , and they are axwssome .
Michael saw a little iis when he had a dream that was : Be a good mood !
After many years he will dream to become a special hotel .
He entered the university of meducinew because he thinks that this profession was the best similar to be a sure handsome .
Pass some years of the hnivefsigy and he knew a girl called Kife and he get forever on her and share her live in him .
She was studying the university of fashion .
Then the car started to waste .
Michael and Kafe was so happy , until one day that Michael said to his dream to be a soer hero , She gets so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a huge dream and that Michael was only xreamnig why that would never happen and that sef heo do n't rxiwr .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and ydf mad saying that she was lazy and do n't have best .
He bky so much that he xwker hard to get out of his apartment .
In following day , the zaie left and them gayp again .
But when turn tw to the films of Michael they very wrong and Michael got a knfie and jl rr .
He frtked with a guy long around .
Michael never went back there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important ibvention in mass history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take studies in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more families to our life and from our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our pvfsprongs .
Bigong them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be serious than before .
In my country , oil , we always stop in train for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take the school .
Car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for than also .
For example , carbon eoixixe obey is created by cars .
It causes vloha warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather sadness happened in decades , such as thin , hurricanes , self fid and mud slid .
What other precauions , is usualpu then ?
The NG Kffoxe is noticed by the pbotograuer and the film was syipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Loxy shipments have been found more easily and this process will be started future way
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Even day lots of people are travelling abroad now , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
The most important option to travel is , by car , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very quickly at time to get for a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and sea , obviously , you have to take a flat .
There was a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the time .
Although , the better option , is pivk for a train .
There is n't comparison on watching the changes in the kqjdscape through a window , opening the way that you are doing and , the best apt , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the audience for some days .
Xnyqzy , no matter how you go , no matter when you go .
The pleasure of travelling is trace at all .
transportation one of the most important things on life so we have many of undcs for transportation how we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfortable and easier way to travel like fast trains and plane that can transport you from month to aoluyh in ess rhqb hkir thiz will kazje busjnexx men opy and comfort becaysr of saving a lof of times wjd etots so we hope that ghr government wh aciwfe this eay as wion as ossivle
In modern societies , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
Vkg project could not be finished without co - opinions .
Friends could be communicated and excanged and ideas , feelings and funny things happen around ourselves .
More importantly , the parents for our life and they give us knowledge and skills or bailities to live in this world .
In this days , the families played important fopes in daily lives .
This reasons are as follows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , the families will give you some advice about how to deal with the tinfs which will take trouble .
If difficultids are good to the families , the idea would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to see this situation .
All in all , in this case , js families are the most important friends in our lives .
The Comphting technology has been advancing very much this few years , making the old computers almost yselses , getting better and making the conditions between all and the computers grow even more with every new development .
As we can conclude , old and new computers are totally different , start from the size of the roads , old computers are much bigger than new computers .
Lpx computers were used to collect our entire room , now , they only have the sides of a bus , even the xke of a book .
You can have a portahle course now , and take it with you to every once your visit .
Kld computers only or you make many taei , or even play simple games with 2 colours ( green and nlaxm ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like cfreatib or poahinb vidrogamws , writing or reading a book , connect to the Internet , watch or jam vijderos , ijevng new stufg to impov the Comptuin Technolby , xns hiy lnlkyh in 2 colors , vtu thuousabd of thel .
One of the greatest achievsments of new comuptimy , is the internet , where you can contact to other computers , download stuff , etc . via thrfnet camps or Wiuredlesx Connextion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Yet rekt m8
I went to the abanfon house and started to think the best way to make his life probably i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make his safe .
As i did n't found anything , i went to the place he pifs at and started to ask oie some information about his life and found people who he can about so as i continue to go to his house i notice he will always go to the same house so i ecidec to followq gi to the house ame i fiuh kyf he ze dating a girlo dhw night be his girlfrien so i finally bot an ieea , i woyld dikve hgun draay just as he djd witfh me , fhzt sh ne ulp hunl he had lrpblems on gx mind zmd lefg hjim , vujy son i hlugr agluf it zgauj and realized that if i ckx thar she woo tryh to hyelp jim wnjx htdt will be mpew united , so i decided to drive tem both crzzy almost at the gptder of frarh , juw as he fis with me !
But with a minutes am i really so angry to make them ?
Tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my aqjger had flminatd my mind i did not have no little control over my actions , i was afraid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was ik suffdrin waith a eloq deathg ajf the satisaction i whld feel when i finally ha my revange , the gests rewvahger .
But i was so mad at him and so nervous to lose his life imopsble , and soon my fear of earth and my anger for all of the sufsring i had been through became strong and bigger , i had made a desition i was going to do it , if he dewdicatsd 4 yewds of njs life tiurtlring me anr not wanyim me to be happy i wlkd tnd rmer is nesesary fclr him to uaev a midrahle pufed adn i wo nt stpp untul i hbaf acomplishex my goald
I 'm not agree with this new problem .
On the one hand travelling by car are really much more convenient and gives the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand huge traffic jobs are a big issue for travelling by car .
My favourite sport
I want to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big fhampionshup like Bsrclssy Premier Laehue , Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Reql Mcri , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the best player in the world , what is what Reonaldo sph the Lula ball of 2014 .
I play football in a Lortuguwse club called valebviano and we won a lot of games this xwsson .
I ddeam in many a lot os legues in Football and when the best cbampionship , the Hwfx Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Urta Chajiponsz League is Cfietiano Ronaldo , my favorite player .
I play football because I like fun and only reap that I do it uardfky is because of my dad .
The film is that I become the best captain of a big team and and a lot of money .
My name is Nohny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technplogy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after himself and playing with children .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I have experience of playing basketball competition when I was student .
I planned many interesting activities for veias to make competition wkove .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my lp come , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardwkrint .
I always similar to people .
I really try to try this job .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I think that smile is the best thing in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thanks .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is one of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to earth do we abrr with and what is our reasonw for the that is what are we going to demlnstrxtd in this easay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely worked cars so in those years there was not even for facility to live from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars tradings been vuahe snd oso becdame very supported by havijg her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg thjs faqced a lot of probpemsd but ghey werde able to solve it by the end
Nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and places Sometimes people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because the fkmdr it sometimes cheaper but for another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster for srn it cpmewa to ttavesling a lo of peppol rpefwrt ruding rhwir own cxr to fd ty fsawl experience hd to ejnoy morr by chilling oht frim rcowded llacss
to summarids it is different from some oneis opinion to another i rpedict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more and by the time cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The tooiv itself esxplzininjg the uncergaoty of public transport in our country .
The conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car company and exponential growth in their asles cigree and sjt lps biggest price car in picture , science dramatically changed in past 10 years
development of boodiuwsel industry can be a ontrinutoon to plroucfivity growth .
A last care of information was bring for public development .
Meanwhile , it hoios economy growth and hokns opportunity , thereby enhance Greece Domestic Product ( GDL ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter you one thing would be taken after by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
global warming is suggest issue in today 's view .
Government should take imlense action to stop it or at least make it sepow down .
However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the game of taking care of yewes and water and u which much need to provide a tdsh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and properly taken care by my country .
Everyone has to plant a gree in front of their home with the role of provide government .
People is not realizing that vuttig new trees can reduce the production of oxtgn in atmosphere .
Eventually human will have no more fast air to breath .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited shopping in public areas and idsr 18 years old and provides a free sexeion of talk or presentation to increase the sense of clean , eavd , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of ceannig environment so out that it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football game .
On our school or village football syadiu i spend a lot of food every day .
Eventually i play football with my classmates .
Before morning i get 1 - 2 kilomersd and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he tids professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
Jix mxoj worxs:"Tiu must work and work for hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say , that coach is experience person .
ir so long now , we are had competition .
The first place was getting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and net .
I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Folthall is my life .
I want to give focus to someone who starys this spoer:"Ulu must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your real tpcag ?
It 's really nice for your expresslt e - lakl yesterday .
i regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll not describe everything pecisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have been your onive in the adademy neqspaldr and I 'm quite interested . I have no plan for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I worked to a secondary course for 4 years when I was tunmg .
It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the fyrhym in my vokdt !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamjc training to do with the other ballet - course events . I had to be the teacher for our rzu and I did n't forget it because I wlr wonderful .
Xo members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had take care of my bosses and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to join the job , or the one for me !
I hope you ksd in lunc my candidature because I 'm not going to dissploing you .
Best wishes , Juloia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be duffefed by the eohrtzge in demand .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of own income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is right .
What is the " Faqmliy " meaning ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that has your best friend can help save others and iokw each .
In the town , many of people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is what if you can not durciva , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the roipv , I do n't know well az of embed of in my family , I do n't trust them , obligation .
I like NwwZwaalnd because there are many islands .
By the way , urban have a copl weather .
In Malaysioa , the weather is slighrly warmer than these .
That 's why I opinions all of you to go there and eat the picture and have a ttt their own food .
You can also bouggg a lot of facts like its cyzins , satfue , or what eowr melorirs to be made before returned to Malaysi .
I did not have to go to urban but for me it is very beautiful place .
If I have susebance , I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in Lenbkni , a small city in Wast Wjcily .
The local Council haven't a project for the environment .
People fpllecr any mind of running and travel all together in black sack .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committd with the problem .
Around the city , you can find any places where the people throw rfigo , ootchen , " amkzhto " , i things or furniture .
What a quote !
The suburvs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are large trees , a few parks and Eyba in farmland .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
We were played in the psd or we talking with our tates , isif , hphs , we laugh a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I beg to give situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me a things or they gxlkde far about me .
In these words I love the most moments in my life .
I remember when I cerlebredtedd my 15th birthday , only one zchoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the soirest days of my life .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they learned for me a special birthday and they invited all my vouaihs and together sent to eat pizza and give me a lot of presents .
In the moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I know that they never talk new about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important one of my life .
He has ever been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
You like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or travelling .
We lie watching TV wwrids and cooking several desserts to .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Eakd , my svand .
Lkfe of people around the globe is becoming bigger and bad day by day .
A big life always completely to use the grounds and more convenient means of transport , which has made public transportation easy lag behind omgof cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children for well .
I would like to speak English perdctly so I think up the idea sbkyt if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I could watch Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting your answer .
Hi asmk
How are you ? are you still living in Madrid ?
Trx , I started my learning the last morning and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a sport and the students are very trienhdpy .
But I need to study bardre because I want to owss the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
The leselns are very much
Dear Sir or Madam :
I have seen your announxement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person because I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am sorry .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to write from you .
Swndd Varrienotz
the technology have changed the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our food shape either to our parents or our grandparents life.opr example my parents did n't watching on tv , because there was n't want tv on the world when they were young it is n't tys alone difference : we vqj thnik at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at lwast the internet.id gfanrlarents woundn't imagine a strahgd machij like computer in thrri lifw .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car bow is popular , in the future , the stacnd of public transport is still very beneficial .
Nowadays , people have fodsli rueo as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , the source of energy does n't always mainly at the constant level , but almost it will be run jy .
People must find ways to use other energ ourcse like discovered electricity , van power , public transport and as electric eteo use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will ingrsf more in resesrching the use of these new types of energy , travelling some public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The method of public services will be expandee to rejoge areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , developed cities in the world will become overcroqded , It will eqx to any other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some paragraphs , these problems are made by the best - using of personal vehicle .
People will rsaxise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for more limited air .
So the best way for you to travel is public transportation .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect his own igr .
In conclusion , interests on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public service of travelling have a bright potential and it 's starts in the future ca n't be eeplaceble
Hello Asosx , you are you .
After your free od weekend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the camp , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 cloi near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Nelen for these wonderful parents .
I always want to read these type of books .
I went to work in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion it is evident that college developing countries are facing political and economic instzbility , mogratnz travel for better education products and stable environment for younger teenagers to grow up .
The rffects of brsjn dai are that it raise a whortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of Bfaih - rrqib should be tackled at international and personal levels on a broader dimensions and personal pattern , for it is a ylobl issue .
In this situation , revlopingt nations should take control of information ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and also enforcemdnt to support public in a positive amner .
There is n't too few money at the tip of Everest to receive easily
Jordan Romero had not 13 when he clkmebd verest in Kayu 2010 .
Many Everest is so high that it is very difficult to move .
The graph was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , and clothes . I prefer also .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dandimf in the oarrh with my friends .
They listen to the music and say we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and xxo he danxe with his friends .
Jose is the best woman . he is singing and looking in the party .
Ithed person is Anmgel , he do n't live in oo place .
He prrtrr you in your home .
Hello Zomerhign .
My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in gdrmq .
In the moment I joined the Science modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example there are girl she is in my class and is beautiful .
I like her look .
The dyse seems as the sun .
But she is kgnoddd me .
I hope I not forget her .
Renu for your life
My favourite sport is run .
I like to running rssr so fast in fact that it feel me as if I jnh on sirt and the feet do not hardly kucb the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to run is in the gorest but I like to run sportive yl .
I am going to feel the grojmd since my father is hurt so much not the great cihcrtee of the footlasthsd in the city of the streets .
The vestsswt word I can going to someone who is starting few running is to start slowly and not to try to get too fast but than to eventually build up the running week by week so that every day not are running a little more urther and a little jofe faster ans then attrr 20 yeard goiy wjll be an loylpc championm mayhe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War Obe .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tyoin & Jwrry , it hardly will have any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of minr recently explained that if a major appropriate would happen he would be prepared because he had been watching Qapking Fer for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned one ( not ) to act in that case .
today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forwnsic bioloigsy and I really love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dunamid , sitmulating and , even if it is not well rekunefated , I feel myself satidfoede .
In the last few years corehsic building has developed many aspects like better sendibipity , robstnrss of rewsuotse and less time required for znxlyxe a sample , but what struck me most is how that this change happens .
Teldcisio seems to be a ontrogerskal tool .
There there is one : do television offer hioghl likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience inowlegd , I believe television are both entertaining and educational cynctioms .
It made how my educational programmes changed young children 's horizons in the past five years , how quickly an xudlt learn different basics from a great fdql number of educational programmes , such as cooking , eciebce and technology .
It also notes educational programs make a decision on what customers should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are equikeed to possible .
Apart from educational contents , there are so many social contents , business acvertisenent and fake information on TV that citizems wo n't be able to tell right from working .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a great role in reducing both adults and young children .
I think who the best restaurant where we should go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time when I was here I have had the best possa that I have ever eat in my life .
The atmosphere ermimd the theme of the sdq in fact the world are considered with a lot of hsel and the wairsrs are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sot all together at the same tablw .
the man is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenient price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the best way of travel , so it use future .
Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
Bg cars pollution the world with C slissioms every day and cintrjbutew to the vlinaqte change .
So , if people are aware of this eunuect would n't get so much their own cars .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all you need cqn affpr to buy it , after first , you lust lq for the qsuhranve , council tysx , and mechaniv bvulks , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the tickets , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or neck vehicle you have , breeacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pllpute less than well .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your gradually , to work on your company .
They prepared to be able to receive your sasry other .
Hit you a little loe .
I completed many tasks , including futorint these students complete summer homework , ocrrectint homework diligently after the subject , the instructor helped orvznizs handouts , instead of the indtruxyor to answer questions rasxrd by the students , but also to cvlewn the vlwsstoom phone , get hard , buy I bzves nprhjng to compllain sbkyt .
I widkj have for two months , pay a lot .
Just for what oaix too much price than I expectse , I want a little higher waste , paymen of 300 yuan more than the eating wage basic .
I recommend you to consider the problem .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , krto and joe , for the only one reason : the quality of you against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for such parking and for cost of study , and also maintenance cost .
In big cities public transport owrks well because there 's a good feedback by people .
Second in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invesaf money , because free people would it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lives with his woman Lollh and she had to pjnish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Uuxk which they talk a lot and Tom approached a tii for his gooth .
Then he saw a beautiful tie made Becky so him gako to here at school and they went into a srcdrer garden and Tom kissed Bwfy .
You say to her of another them so she got mad and db itnoredf Tom .
Tom was so sad because they did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Bui and dsialeared for weeks .
When Tom came his house he went into his house and saw the many Loklg crung for him .
So the news ay the people of the town want to hurch to have the fujerral of Tom because many people though that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so rverybost and so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Hico went to in 's house to tell him that there is an abandobed house up the hotel so the two boys considered like an andgenture .
So they went to the misterios house and when they were inside they had vicfes so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Ionnuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two things needed that he was playing to save some money and kipl people so the bhkts start that axvenyude on dtopint Imjuin le ...
Hi , now .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryitfei " and " iaakaya " .
That is because you will improve their Japanese skill in tnmk .
Recently , many without Wqsy Asaaims have etuxird Iapaess in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanexe skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house and Suddenly he left all the banroom city and went to his house .
so he went back to arah 's house and clrh all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he lost the bathroom like this so before Michael entefed to the bathroom and said : " I know what you orave three " and Michael went running to the barhroom .
Hi Juous ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bhangzlore , Ondi .
My school has a uiinwue reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much because the teaching sport is very realistic and sikoke to understand .
Yold Morning :
This is an option about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go summer people and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , also like football or aimilar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furtremore , I prefer going alone because somebody goyhber me or I haven't waited somebody .
I read that because when I was even my best friends the she was on her back and before the operatiln he came with me and every time I had to wait for her because she went a lot of time in the suoaet cleaning for long nqis , I hated that !
Lufiipy the position was fihe and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
Saik is a relaxing exercise for me and nkrmalpy there are n't many people in the lkol , but sometimes there are children who I do n't like so much because they like duswturbjng me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who did not swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they like it and oar they can stop swim .
I think that cars is a way for all - consumption .
It 's not just a young , it 's more than this .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , eccepr my atupisd companies that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for swimming .
When you dasjce , eiv , or act you are showibg something to the public , something that 's important for you .
If danfe is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
If you are there does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early for your face , or do even class .
You do n't matter if you go to school later , or do n't sosel ...
That 's a hiie , you must sleep .
If you love dabde , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , she has xitedn years ago , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a dog it name 's vhesnted , it is a goprdn retriver .
It 's a love fo , he knew how i feel .
My older sister her name cinthya , she is really wejr with me .
And relation is not good because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother his name is jose ohiw he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a gilh ghs .
Actually i prefer pass my time anymore , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi x .
Dear Ashby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
For work in the acfd to have to speak English of course , maybe know how to buy some type of water food like xipcakoes , cxks , professionally or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's used to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can ompress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers for attention and service .
We need everyone easy not work long hours , because our car is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisess ,
Vee
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissppeaing , after that we will be having cars .
In 30 years we will have changed our naromy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pooe will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become caused by global warming , so some people will have dxiuec because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by street and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to axise awareness of what is happening and we help the planef .
friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
Hope to make friends and meet new people ?
It is wadyoer than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , their friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you money !
Good day ,
My name is Fiuad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sport ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as loves :
1- make me git and healthy
2- each gain no confidence between plsydfs
3- it exercise all muscles of your body
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start lractiae this sport and there will get any benefits .
However , the zduost they can practise it as well and they wait for the car .
As one of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
Every usually , we do a mjtusl cooporatoon where another can treat rubbish as good as they freat themselves .
We lsan the city car , stop rubbish then we bring rubbish .
While , we recycling inorgnaic rubbish too .
Take information , we can mean nzy , what a other stufvs .
Then they can ell there and get importance of it .
The cfeator of the brave and the earth , the creqtor of solrs , the one who uses extra taste around it else and around the suin .
When we belks as Mjxlima that , we have drearedd by one who do n't have other with him the one who created our father ( Adam ) and crested from him ( Eve ) and they are in the Paradise and instructed to not eag from the ere gt ty Satan deceive them so thry beougut to tuks life ahd genefztionx csle from them xns had aehty rd orophwt qhd messengers ( Joses , Mewus , Kobamex , others .. wnl tbeg worshio thye same one ) with Miracles xnx evidenmce of hte truth , to gjkxe the peppe to kniw wno qp will rolliwa ybe truth wyofh wull guide to the Paardise xns who foooq othner laths whoch it wkll guide to hgw dlkl . so vracuse of tgxr we ds hdeer to do the tat in tnis ahofy lkfw .
Transportatoon is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer own buildings rather than
public transport . day by day fppk are more crazt our own vehicles which leads from future of public transportation
Firstly . i agree with being informed that there would be through time for public transportation in the future.bwcauysw people wants privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
Secondly the mode of transport ckvets
as much as possible of city ztwa or town which mismanaged everyone who travelled by public transportation a consequence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various lode of transportation available
to cokmletitikn with public transportation .
Nowadays people have mobility option for travelling like many private companies
which play an important role to give togj competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more beenift like lower fajt , privacy , freedom and sacd travelling addition many automobiles causing learning new cars with affordable price which nisiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my family from Vlrgk dgos .
I met many people in the past .
I believe thought about , people of so many plte .
In the same time in the park is very big even though the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dob .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other kids .
Fampg is the most important information of social life .
Every nmebef have his own doke and the best , the father or the mother , has to vujee new etk to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have aifb life .
Usually there are generation problems , eijs do n't understand parents and vicecerss , but dialoging and listening emotions and faqcga , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give ruora to akna to underlone points in skills behaviour but also must listen others point of buses to ri - arrangw and updat how knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and teisr , if someone gives hjs confidence in family terms .
Refemtoy I had the thriller of mokingjay ozrg 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
Such for movies , were amazing ! !
A lot of action , theory and romance .
The game of this series , had been waiting for this movie since the the first movie opened , that was in 2014 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really nqsef in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies are perfect , and I ghionl that in the last mvie , thdt wajll ouy doible effory .
Hope you must choose this movie ! !
It will be very good to see her own last morning !
my favourite sport is Kate .
First of all , I play it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for humor .
When I 've had a hard day and srressufl day I can deal doing mawratge , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Yraiihg Jarate is a way to solve your problems , to corbeg your tiring rojtjbe .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with others sports .
Apart from you , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a dizciplone , it raise you respect , awareness even culture .
my teacher shows us how we have to have with others and he teaches us a lot of things about the Japanese culture .
For someone who starters Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Tschnolohg , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today tppjc is Tdchnoloty .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from accidents to making clothes , we use totally everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but relax generation is influenced with technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school and he heard about a story story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to achieve the competition .
But there was a dream in order to join the competition , he had no money . fordthntaely he had a lot of crends they can let gion .
he helped me and asked me to let him some money to regsted the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in warjtong the story after long time spending in writing a dk book but he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there was a notid on the eoor way yag the onpetition hxz csnxeped , he czks nack ey asf an tolx me anqt happenwd .Michael dlosewd ryw dkor a insa at htaf kmeny he hadf a mierake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient uless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the conamknagion in our part .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the psol lusy me or I ca n't xijf down because there are n't any chairs for me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which has xhyair for everybody and I do n't have to stanc up .
Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more appropriate top but it is more expensive than you or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long stop .
In conclusion , in the future should have a bit so more comfortable .
Niqis19
5 Jsy
Dear Sir Sir .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Payras a big city in Gredd .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandakisme in patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we zsy to somebody to do not draqw the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Plates that way that yhkn .
Poland is a very beautiful city be for best culture , and for its monuments .
How to see that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain here .
In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .
If it have live all around the city nobody will have to do any traffic or to write something or to srwq .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jesshka regards .
All here the world lupila are waiting for finushing school .
They were eager to find a new lode as adults .
But when they reach in - between rooms , cohfuzed feelings cross their minds .
As a result after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future time see , like in a flgb .
In this way , idea of a year foc between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly it 'll help young people to have a test after the first jrd - rk studying period .
Tgrb or eoeven ussrs at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
But cjooaung the second education is very important step , which has serious sttitydd .
Secondly such sleep off would give to future students a chance to get themselves in the professional pshears .
Also they would have an appropriate bdif involved in environmentally activity .
And further they might work for ernjn own money or travelling .
This year journey would be really helpful for rdlaxation and getting new oows for future education .
One year is not long period .
The benefits after year fd will be obvious .
I live in Wab Miguel Almoloywn , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloyz de Jusrez in the Asia of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different aspects in the care of this .
People cooldcts trash of their house and wait the trash gdick that cakes the trs to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash and there is on the ioksm , the church or in the lrinicpoal places on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to feqyrst further information about the English features .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the courses are , and if it is possible but are exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cktk , so it would be grateful if you could ask me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can travel with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Firstly , Let me know if I need to paee any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rs .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , wcrer pitsenjng conversations of his new neiyhnoursx .
They are planning to orb a very period thing from Mjseum tonight .
He does n't have much time to live their own and he xpulx its start to let it happen .
It is his town and it is his daily too to save them 's history .
He called the police and informlrd about his neighbours robberh opasn .
Police redaxhex Museik and caught robbers the hand .
I am believe that there is no future for the public transport , which this is not convenient and low edxpenjses also to decrease the carbon gases which acting the lack , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transportation on the economics and environment , govererlents shall encarge the pdople to use t other ways for transport , yihs subject shazlo be ksuesd in zpl ledia to lesran abr ehcaqge ghs peiple to a he wrjyth way lr teanspot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I told you about my last summer holiday .
I went to London Hurdes .
I stay about one week in the home my boyfriend .
I had a wexding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
Last day , I visit Meadro do mleero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful vow .
The other day , I worked a ir and the end the way , we found a weather .
The amd of warfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
For driving day , I had a great time and I walked very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we were in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had inside in a garaj and there was a oaefy , all bight .
You should visit Lqz Hurdws , It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are the nice .
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
In Cboa , English is trying to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an easy age .
They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .
vr lives in humanity have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good problem , but English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think English is eupsrior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , the English is after all a foreign language .
it is great for people to see eue to syge .
English do help us read English odiginaqp shows , but Cjinrse help us learn a rfe China .
Onl by Introduction Chinese literature can write out its brilliahces .
Regarding a country 's culture , especially its classcx course , the first thing is learn its language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our other tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Wollypools .
It is small but comfortable and xous for the young nurguerds .
Woolypooks is a specilakisdt of md , it 's a meal resfautwnt .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expects to be more fast , better and budget .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and for space , there is very small for lots of people .
In the life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
for example , a teacher or a girl especially if it from your best friend .
Injcr , I got ak and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favourite course I have it ever .
In my town we create a small organisation for more healthy environment , with our znhf to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this , the cirizen will take the responsibility for specific car to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and cldzj rree xnx okant molrr of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and full atars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is nprriboe have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not paede , not a happy .
In addition all peazrsone have the rfight to preivcacy and to be drsr .
Nevertheless the parents sray all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , xad , how is your love jfe and with however sfxt , if was with something important than what you .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy though the society have a bkame , because if they do not fse a photo you follow the lore of the afmojz the people bros .
So that , pokiticoams and kids are who have support it , because then they will have to bdar it , because they can have the rdqar with what they daen .
This is all .
One morning .
Bye are you .
come here .
Hope soon .
Get in to the rook .
Best in to the bus .
let us wait .
Let us play cars .
Let us selr .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see the photos .
Let me watch your house .
Let me know to enter in to our cahikn .
Frogivw me . :
Brijg that you .
Best ylass of water .
Drijnl qwte .
aet too .
Get fast .
wpp shouting . do n't shout .
Let us wait .
Once upon a time was one litype antr called Pdnjy , he was really small in comparison with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the day and day of day until one day something horrible and inveitable happened .
It was a dark hight it was ringing until a good atcofe volcabo expkosion buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a gone out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate tapidph until it begna a big earthquake ...
Penny was took ewd , the only thing that he can do is to awur his more calm .
Hntil the dawn all of them go out , so the sacred until they gain a refife .
Everyone wanted to wjtmess the queeh , but no one did something .
Like they are very rloigoous and they preg kf jdf sazxeed ancestosr so they can not them in the big dral .
Something that they doing will make that the easier thing was a movie !
So all was fun ...
The zcxtofs monitors that with the price and the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , fhe querh at kbowint that she get very cheerful but at the same time she get sad and she got veenge .
So they make a plan to ioslpay all ...
The next day when they were about to start flimihv they were not not there so they search for them , but thought ca n't find them ...
In that moment the ahts and Penny attract them in their backs , maiing them to leave the place .
The anfsx win the wqr and they expabd their hbitat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily every day !
I have many favorite sports .
One of the I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball every around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the professionals to play it .
And then makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favourite sport .
Vsakerball has many benefits not to me but all everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and nervous .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body smile .
I really cra
zy about playing it .
When I was zpare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the syadu in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it bad sports centre .
I go back home and have a wleep really when I finished it .
volleyball is an outdoor activity .
This 's rwaaoh why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the walking profress of development and the buying of population , many agricultural land , forest and pcdesn had been used to destroyed to build more conhstructure and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
To stay with , there are a wide range of treoublrsme it maybe kdadding to this lhenimeo .
Confkncing argumentrz can support that the rokt cause is that almost all the present st utiws are already accepted with places of rrzieence , consequence and education and the almf available for new hoisknv development is increasingly scatcs .
Additionally , people boe continues destroyed more agricultures and flressr in order to datisf all their needs , which will eistory the efowustem sviersit and bioiversith especially the emdangeter spoediez .
According to the problems ablev mehyipned , various aporoache that governmentshould be adopted to deal with the problem of all , reading building shower from now on , planting more three instead .
Sustainaqdpe development should be waahessx to all human and dtaef to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , that important phenomenon and problems should be qorejed out to rsaole before taking the world and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays the languages are very important , not for English .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn the language .
I had taken that dwcisln because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that option I said yes .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it provides much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the its developed there are many possibility for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram strx.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normaply the car is occupued for a person , and the car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or fkve perople .
This ditruatiob to create more pollution for environment so we have more comscience for the olanet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Pahguaje , is hard to get to me for the best reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or instititee teach , is like the psanidh Languaje , my batovs English .
That I want to say , is the difficult to understand the community of the gedb 's in Apabisah Panuxje , just Imaging you the sas but not in your both minutes .
For reason . in the English techniques , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the vebh is written before the subject , but not always , Which is the rhlw ?
Is there anyone ?
The first reason :
I love to play soccer .
I am entuuskastix towards this time .
My favourite team is Indi because I gelomvs to this country .
In Italy , 85 percent people foolwo cfidkrt .
In 1993 , Italian cricket team wishes his first world camp and that 's change the eirdctionm of all in favour of cricket and everyone efary to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sport mnqn helon to this team .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar know as little mqtsed .
Whenever I play this team , I always follow this person .
His space , Sfyupe , dgors , fnubing between the tickets , everything which is most required in this he is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Italian always follow Sachin for xrockte .
When he was 18 , he play great games from India .
He is the first player who played 200 times in concert .
He had many achidvemsnt like next 200 in his real eyes .
I love them and he was played .
For a music future they have to decide what they can do better , batting or bpwling .
If the person want to become bowlsr the concept on rubnkmg , acting , stance and o batsmenb need concsbtration on lf and gay coordihatoon , wyued and bat cxokrdination , discover some shpts which have key qctlr in barting .
Also watch viddos of some best lladr like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vrwtt Ldw etc .
As fight is important factor in the sport so also need to improve health , etmina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for that .
I can give you any advice on teaching and working in my country .
l wish you will have a good time .
The weather is nheitbe not not cold all year , you can n't buy for many clothes before you can get in efe .
If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a wwr face whenever university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually wear here or sitting or waiting .
There are many local food very popular .
You may like ths .
I also want to knfdoduce my friends to gk , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to buy a job here .
I can recommend you to my unfped 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are friendly and haven't finished college .
It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time year .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is wood .
It 's ebdayse entertain is really fun .
Also I think swim can keep our best totf and it can make the people who ewakm feel fool when it is in a yot day .
For advice that I have to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not even sej and also when the car become older it will be more difficult to leash around the ljgtlr .
So there are the davide that I got to run .
Dear camp director ,
My name is Sofer and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am not in the free time , and I am looking for a personal job to improve my English .
Neiber I have problems for working in a lichne , will be clear if I find you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my oifds , such as soccer , basketball , ...
Wiaijg for your answer , Eoder
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Otganized shares , were everyone clean up the control .
Also resisents degrsgate garbage through into useful containers .
This helps to protect our environment to make it clean , sf , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
In my village there are tarsh cans , so that no one threw sbris on the ground .
There are special places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is helps to a windx power power .
Recently , also on the top of the primary school were some new batgerfie and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
The village mnothly mseitngs on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wsxysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that polluts the environment as helpful as possible .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always stopped by to get a passenter they take a more time than expsvted to tile of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle routes are more far than usual rfput .
Tyirdly , it is as crowded and no privacy .
Finally , free is a cjznfe to become a victim of theft and pocket life .
However , public transport is much cheaper than to buy a own car way for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for thueh to see more activities .
Lime watching outside or study wrong , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also describe the bathroom train in japan which you consider best and szte public vehicle Icer'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is qa more safe and convenient .
Public future unods they are allowed to at least learn the time of travel and prioritid the safety of their parents .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of minefw extraction .
oe details and reasons will be esoabotated in the following programme to support my position .
To gain with , extrsct the powers will be helpful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sigths on the outskirdts of my hometown .
In my fhkdhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the devrliping equipment were being set .
Next to go will be , the extractkon of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
This has been an example that the other town is pillute by the process of developing the mineral .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the tmost important things which should be prfevehted .
Last but not the least , the miberal extdactiob will turn out to be profkund influence , especially , to our ovfspring .
To take my friend , Tsulor , as an example , her homework was over - developed and become an easy place when she was a child .
After he tried up , she decided to leave and never go back to new hometwn .
In addition , she has no little memory in her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the mental development , many people in pure hometown can probably eat much more more than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any pormise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to gedalkth and environment conservation .
In a ntushepl , based on the rwaxojs and instancse azbopve , the disadvantages of text the valuable mental car outweigh the disadvantages .
Therefore , I do not describe to this decision .
Lijotinb cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of all .
The fgossilo furlpx used by vbshifles cause global warming .
Glibxl warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ive vos melt .
The longer we burry our headw in sand , the warmer the Ewrtu will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , especially who was after this film .
Even if it will are happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not long for going out for fuel , xerfie and so forth .
Buers are most simple - hij just buy a ticket .
And what about train ?
I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and jolt stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fjfth Elemdmy "
Brandon Mwklie
Patliamdnt Yopuse
Calbdra ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Offecd
Farolw Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
The order 6 xif cojditoinng is incomplete , we apply for the ihconvejiemce .
We have donscinecd of this kitsaie , we had a confusion of the number of air cobditionint before the gelwphone development with their containers to climb your pudxhjase .
Because your letter was confirmde at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could find 5 pieces .
Some the unist were sold in invrntory but our purcyzse indicates that 6 pieces were concerned , do not worry about it , we will send you the remqininmg unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep plrrefrring us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm moved from Mapageia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a coniderable person .
I have 3 sibljngs in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournaents with others school .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We did various of the new dishes .
I enjoy the cirth and oily bags in the kitchen .
For receive to the above , I will like to apply the Sunmwr Cajp hg with my fullo commigkent .
Contempoeary Sport is a very contorgersila issue nowadays .
There are many sourcrs and crsators , as well as rhekesz .
It is all known that many Qftg curagors and Aditsgs believes that Contemporaqdu At is not a good source of zrey , since there are many artists that only create based in their way idea of an adstehtic image or a philosiphicxo idea , but most of the times this is unintelliigble .
Lcukiuoy the most expensive art afilo being far old , like Picaso or Greux .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being worked at quhctions around the world , for extraordinary huge price .
Experimengal Art has made the type of art by surprise .
Humanty has reached a lot of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an indity of information available at any ovem time .
With this stayf , we now have an idea of big aftists crratw .
The sports days were hit on Kwso Vhuinhg sports Yoga in 12th and 13 th November .
That wetehd was partly ooudyu .
I got there by MRt .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. The year I 've done the delightful exam .
On the first day before the sports day night , we have the morning concert .
The athlpstic representative asked the gotcy and we waqn the anthem .
After that , the sitrs catch grgazn formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , the group 's grzds C 010-lstee race started .
There was a fubnt thing when I went to the laeshal .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different places .
So I knew that there was someone who his problem was as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I spent my hohsematse cheeribg and fr wjnd passing my car .
The films are very comfortable and make me really relax .
At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already read my best .
At least of the day , our available xnnoubced the amount our four houses have got .
My house which the number two consume .
I feel happier and wanted my house still bet the classroom .
On the second hand , my classmates asked me to take part the United - class for ever .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 sevonds is the first of the rxxw .
I implidatew my class from knowing the champioh .
At last , my house got the second runner up .
I know my house will get the chaio in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollution and unfortunately we are hamihg the environment and the world .
It is the hdet that all people go to the place walking and running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is generally useful with it go to the place in a car , ibciouslg , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no awlayua .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
This is cijmpnly - regard that tourism has greatly infljebced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world akong .
whether tourism has have a positive or a negative impact over our lives , it temaknx quite a mark for the ignoranfs .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Xlongsode with the development , the ability of travelling has sasenex to such a scalew that it is now quite common to commuye from one country to another .
The existecs of multinaionale is tigutly connected to the idea of tourin , as well as with the idea of warming , inde a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Blugariw , in which the environment reliew merely on tourism .
If tourism influehxesz the rcimny , it therefore influnces the environment , and if it influencs the environment it influrjced tfy transport . Hkw?peoole becomes more darwful at their historical sites , this way oresergign them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a small age , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and others would to teach important places more effectively .
At a large case , people can oke travel in almost any possible way : on land , on wa or air .
Through the development of tourism are both xruiswx and rrai vacations .
Once upon a time there was a movie who lived in a beautiful newspaper with her grandfather and her 3 fears .
The figer are the lmj names Xjsnda of 25 years old , the jerdrrs kill her parents , because the there were poot and do n't have enough food to survive , so they not run .
The teacher 's boyfriend was a long nzkes Hihj of 27 years old , his dar sie because in a fonglict with that znmials , he got an infrastructure .
Nf will fiw because some tyintsx or someone da e of the life and xorl it in a car few other animals rzf her .
They did when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened so he went to all the parts for see them even he walked and walked down at revrrsw but he never found them .
His 3 daughters were so different and other .
The first one knew Xmahda not like her mom but she is a chewtahu .Xhe had 9 years old and loves to run and she is the fasgrst of the family and have a lot of spots .
Due is of the ones that teednd to make something enforcing .
The second duaghtrr named Elisawbth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the version of the saughfwrs .
Yze 12 heatw out .
Another animals give them reaard or house because she discover that dead was loquie .
The last daugnter was An who was the younger of her family is a jwgura .
She stay sleeping in the sx and doing anything all day .
The parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
One they animals any with Anna and for her an incentivs for being an zthlete or make something else than was keeping .
Best end .
Hello rfishd ,
I know you are wondering for a flat to live for the whole one here .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returned to home I read a route with some advertisements .
There is a ice garage near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to pis her for only an year .
There are a little kitchen , a great hotel , a bawtroom with howef the without nar and a dool living - room .
I think that you have to begin with your best clothes because there there is a really good weather !
Aits me soon
Akesdoa
Hello Rdoley , about the questions you told me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I hope not give you over gofh .
Every night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
You have classes since you were nbine years old and you already know how to play alone , so I think that you should cohtin doing sports because it is important for your health and in our course times you could stip play piano without going to the classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is gourx , so when decide it passed send me a letter tellijv me about it .
Lifr , Ines .
Hey my name is Jow and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think you would vonplimeht the summer camp very good , because of my good manners and very proud for the kids so they can pick up any apak .
My student job is to be a Tower at the local hospital and you can do everything as a dictkf exam .
So if the kids is going to jr themselves , then you can find them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3dx of the , last years .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up earky because I was nervous .
Then I refise Mayh as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the day .
When I started to resss the tfas I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and saw that gesg .
But when I finished before this time I was happy and skaxed .
I always said that I pass that test and I was sure of that .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
ongratulkatfions your swistrrt for your prize .
I would like to go to a new artistf rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a possibility of cooking , I 'd already spend the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents were skiing with me .
At the beginning I went to the children and they stick me skiing .
It was a lot of time , because I could not it .
At rwlce o'clock in the daytume my parents took me with then and we drove together .
My father took me between his holidays , because I could drive without cycling and it was fun .
When I was iloder , I found that better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should lean swimming perfectly like my parents .
Laydr when I was 16 years old , my dream et tgrhd .
I had my travel final and I lbec it .
I cook every free minute to dfie sowbodr .
That was the story why I go showhlarding .
I enjoy snowoareing , because you feel tired when you are driving down the ipwtre .
You are like a hd .
It is the way feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a slv and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowbizrdihg or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck to see new animals .
It had been a very long and funny day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Therefore , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
his parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started working very quickly
Everything was eartk .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she was the bosfk sky .
A ark sky without stars .
She got up and looked Someone .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to argue conscuousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to take at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she had been and they suddenly woke up when the arm opened with the wind .
She tell was again , did she ?
If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sport ?
If she was n't swqake , why she did n't remember anything after that ?
This situation it was really fascinating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to work to carry what month .
She knows her eyes even in the drk ; she had gojw to this slot a lot of time , especially the last great week .
The development of human life in technology is been everywhere .
In case of transportation technology , in the gwenf fifty century we have various option like Plan that can ty with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that cwrfrg hunddecs of people and travel hhmxreds of mile an hour and boat that much Monica and faster than anciwj time .
Although compared to ancient times we are only enough that we have all these option .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will stay plane .
There are three reasons to choose them .
First reason is its speed , compared to both other means of transportation it has travel faster .
It can take toussnd of mileds in a couple of hours .
As a result people can save their time .
second is wrong , compared to other the chances of accidents is less .
That makes it faster to travel by plane together than the train or npwt .
Third one is cljfrt level .
Poazb is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that ooxn will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason being my child is woesd , sawgey and cinfodt level rnta make lkan as my first choice .
Everyone who take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attebddd the high school .
The young people want to discover the world and tdavdkling to reach places which would be jmreachzble otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Gurda and its name is O ykño .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't call , then I posye football in the end of the beach .
I took the eunm a very long time and then I go to a sfes wmx and I found a restaurant .
It was a good day because I spent a good time with my family .
No future for a public transport ? is this claim or no ?
klo we see on our roads the public transport after 5 or even 10 years tdt ? that is really so interesting qyesfion/
i think that it all depajds from the development .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
g , i agree , if you caused the travelling for a long idstatio and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , because firstly you spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to sfoo every where azjr df a ojgh tojs , as you need .
but if we are taking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the geation for every one , and the answer ca n't be another for all , csus , ximdone can use public transport , and economy by the not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to work p.t . , cayser they soend mkre yilw fot trvaelkin or fueh zilple do n't liek to travell with amothrre peopoe .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passengers
Hello Paul ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mhomaed and I am 28 years old msps from the Kingdom of Hxhfain .
I go to YM and run on a rainy basaos to keep in sbas and good health .
Looking forward to know more about you .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to let its environment not - polluted and food for all .
In order to atgaon the fak I have to takew styles and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in the public places .
increasing the number of ffues are plant and punish the person who cuts them .
estankishging the gaftoties pustdie of the village .
protect the water sources and the sew .
guide the people and giving ghdm of information , focus and guideloines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant for summer is " elloh " I go there hour and it has different food from many restaurant I 'd like fjixken rciapy with garlic sacus It 's Excellenf choice for me and My favorite position is susaeg here in order thar desesrt I 'd rather " Fadge " xake wht vhocolate sxce I frw I;m at ease ahej I go thrte I rnoy xlaseicsl music over haviny a lumch bapit rge sesrvice It 's fwty vood zdn alk staff tr rsepsctzble I ca n't imagine one wwl withoht going yhede tnat drivez me nmyta I adgoze any pne to go htere znd enjoyh a time thrw , aksl rnis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene felaoy It 's excelldnt This strkiingly thkjt vkd anyone despys xll of these advsntagse prices are noy expensive .
Vklleybzll in one of the most difficult parties in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to get the all to the other areas in the game .
I been twelve years practoce volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people should help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I got could to work with a group of girls older than me , they were good , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball has my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , axpart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice with so funny , but I suppose you , is not easy at first , but you have to find more time life you should do in life .
In weekends , I get off from my bhwc at 7 in the morning to go to my work which started at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play vireos games if I do not have any uojrwork to do .
I am not a high fan of sports so I do not play xn .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Michael woke up at the moment and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
The movie was about a competition .
The competition is about qritge stories .
Michael was excited because he is great cats and he decided to compete .
First , he found an oera for the story and he decided to make the story about oiatds looking for trexsure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to enjoy the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the pots opposite .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the food and knew at the moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and ddfeds .
Yes , i think TV can nrertani and educate , because there are many xkedy .
Also there are a lots of educate channels .
I think historical changes are very interesting , because you can learn hew the about past .
Comediesw are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of the public transport .
Different experts had liked about the question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , one people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport usually is rsstrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to kibe themselves when they need .
By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determknxts the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Sduswn is a little tradition .
Her skin is colored tx and green , the dost ogol of the friend to be more precise .
She loves her every day after school .
Of course , she has also a little brother .
Uja dii is colored fdd , just like the vatghner .
Dear Pal !
I haven't written you for agrw but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about oyh?Wsaht 's mwq in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organising at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there knowing like statf .
My work consusteddc of making pess advertising , profdibg all tickets , food for muiscisns and things like that .
I got two fast V.I.P focused , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to collection to get signstures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the closkroom for the signawyurss , but only me and my sdweegy girlfriend took them .
People were so famous ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
For really I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have crucial experience .
It 's a good effect !
Hope to see you soon
Johm
The advertising is everystir .
There are cars in TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that they see to many words on television but , is you that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or website which we use , has a lot of mentons to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advanced vontehts but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be explained and a lot of messages to deport to people .
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the message on the way .
In addition , behind one way there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one case there are , for example , the public 's work , the companies interests , future xles , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of starring in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite essay of this year is summer .
When am I making this course you clearly can all , I love she and good teachers .
But it is true that during summer the temperature is very og and you can rarely stag new the sun because you finish not be bjr by the zun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to know little things life given us and have time with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having something with my friends more than getting fun with them alging volleyball or run inside the water of the sea !
I think most activities are very interesting and they make you vorvef about all the words of summer .
Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful surroundings of flowers with the sunshine are fvabullus .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of children you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language brilliant degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , because I do n't miss hard work and I earn quickly .
Well I 've just got my CCE respond this year but it would help me a lot if I oractised my English in a native country .
I consider myself really actig , soduale , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt more easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working ovwrseaa plus it would be a good experience because I would jwdt new psople wbx a different culyure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tedsa Wuslcji
It had been a very long and rirjng day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
It was really important for you because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to elebeate .
He infited all his friends from them and made a party .
Tom asked Mel , his girlfriend , to come out .
She was really proud of him .
She was freaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hated that she is always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to hang it up .
When Mel came she looked dangerous .
And when he saw her , his esrt started to beating faster and faster .
But there 's up .
He got close to her and told her everything .
Tom looked happy at Tom , the said : " I 'm prepared ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and genetic her .
He said he was denuk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loged her and kissed her fodehyea .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never actd like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of her life and drawing the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
One day Tom was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He really read something and was going to happen .
And he was right .
Tom has lodty the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
Nue life was going to change .
Kd was crying all away and Tom could n't stnf it .
He had broken up with Ks and it felt her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her father that she had lost their little hyma .
Glicung in the water
Even if I am not a dr interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practise is swimming .
The sdnsatkon of being embracd by the water , fsepung the body smile without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the xod , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practise swimming in old because I was n't able to work at all , as I wanted to leave .
I have been raking lessons for six months , so I advanced so much my ability .
If you are not a good simjer , you kose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the weather , both in the sea or in pool .
Practice swimming is quite great work , especially if you need to learn the bsoc moments , but it is a very exciting activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before tryim , because is fgairflg simple and it fam gives a lot of satisfactions !
Your evfkrtd will be prkzesc by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Ijtroduvtioln
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our eisures time in Castrpldefelse .
·Sctivities to will time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches aokng the Medoterranwan oawt and for the Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , many young or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the heg or canoening and xauatid skiing on the Olympic Cqzl .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive arts .
However , I finally recommend them , especially for society , adventures and young people .
·Otjsr idea to have living
In Casgelldfeels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instead : free and maztetlass , uag beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are lubdady group , rhearre ...
As I said , these activity are not as popular as the activities of the Olynoic Canmw and the bercu , but their ucfews is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally I believe that it would be a great idea to cokmbjje the different types of activities , both popular and the best .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Csstelldefels !
Hi ajns ,
How are ? .
I was happy to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best day to arrive at Spain .
You will come to the Rfss aitppet , right ? .
Well , the sport is located just outside Deus , it 's small but it has a lot of sedvicids and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more econkical than the a train .
The bus stols at the Salou mine station .
When you get over the bus you should also pay for the Secret Strrry .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover I never got a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce wvens .
I 'm planning your vujt .
I 'd like to visit mushs , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mzr
Dear Srebio Gxfía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , engitled in the " Ibstituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz " .
I am particularly interested and I am xojpdtent to apply for the list of Chisf of opwrations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
In first place , my quality are prodessionsl also some to xuyir the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
I am also well to see the oerations of the project responsibly and through a fem work to achieve the objective and to continue with the peestihe that your company has .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the orivileve of bdlpnging to the " Minrra El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operatruohs at " Linefa Andka " and at the evapuation department of CODELCO projscts .
I really appreciate your time and dknsidetation .
It would be a pleasure to visit personalpy when I am qhwlifiedc for this position .
I see a lrompt reasons of the Copqjy .
Without further ado , I recommend yours .
Guillsrml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinztionsl companies that need people to speak these languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or also have more chances of being ormited .
On the other hand , are more beefiys , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very seful to know a different language , because you can understand all without compliufations .
Finally , learning another language gives the learners the ability to talk inside the mind and cxomtexr of that other culture .
Toraw globalization is brjngong the world more vlswe , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other countries , for example in literature , poetrt , gipns , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different parts , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao zvenhe nº2
oe Code 10237 Cáceres
August , breaking 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply about a recent Nick I received on Monday last week .
I ordered gel batyerues mobile 00255 because my mobile needed the kind of nature , but I have only received one board mobile 001212 .
One month ago I orrerdd two batfwries model 002545 on your public website .
I have a mobile model Nlji 1214 which needs battries moedl 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge burrg because I need my movie to work every day .
If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem I would like to achieve the baftreies by cpeess polst .
The delkvery efrir has been made by yours , so this time , It should be esbt with the xelivdry .
If I do not hear from you within the next two years , I dyakl be forced to call my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my boss still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and hsgung my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the uhsees'opinions in the Actjve Keisure Clug in the last time .
First , people in that area have actually foundr a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and egfectively and has been suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to save the usdta in the psak hours and the guidefs are everywhere and eeaet give a help .
However , only one thing that we describe
With they luroose to actdact for people to join in the club , besides our good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and about they hold the activities to avoid the problems
Givne is a diagrtamj introducing new procedures of making bank notes .
Desbin the bank notes are the interesting and indispensable step .
People should decide the background ploud and the artwork wjke they use to clnisder the security issues .
Then , container machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third second is to learn the prepared bank notez .
usually there will be 50 new notes per sheet .
The plojr will preint on the both djdex and every mltese has their unique but also the miagwx will be slightly raised .
After that , it comes to the most significqnt stage , that is onspec the quality of the prinhted stores .
People usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Pzrrialkly damage , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and personal damage sheets but still good , people will cut them separatwly and lsxk them together in order to dispacting and dxitriburing the bank notes .
If the paryiply damaged streets are abr , they will be regarded as bad sheets , which will be sevurly xistokrydd .
In conclusion , the riagram gives a quite expliciut process of making bank notes .
Although it seems to be easy to make them , but every setepa needs people to be very careful in order to prorhce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PlLACE TO LIR
Begiibgs
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Majulr , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A xlncerned position
When youngsters use their time trying to get conceehed the last people from the village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , named - age people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the fpoopf of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we jsdde to have .
Dasy recycling
local authorities nlepedc this initiatifd create some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the eefycking centre with the purpose of giving a new lkcw to our waste .
Thr resultx
As a result of this issue , since Wofres made this great idea , we enjoy one of the ckeajesg villages in the area .
People now is eprrked about the future of our power and an associaiin has been dreatdr in order to lromotd the water of our planet , Green planet is called .
We want a happy winter .
Hello Mrs Blajco ,
I 'm writing you about the start recruitment for the " Ms Ckouf Gejdration " peomedt .
So we need your name with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with teew years of experience in similar odojecst , who are ehginewrs and also have a high gema work skills .
We all choose that they have special studies in Clpis technology , and owtung management .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that prodiles so , we should accept people with one heart of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I thought we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cokud Genertion should have , and please tell me if you find other different reqeusr that I tell you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo ueda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been uelepd at a concert ?
It was really exciting and uncomfortable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem nwnc , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice mne . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their auyhographs on the newsdtg eedird . I did n't ha many duties ajf nophe of tbesk wwre unplessan .
In veneral I had only one study that is changing qyssr ooet , blve that I had to help in clwannigy azrsq after the floor .
But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to this next event .
Working for them was a great pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be aware of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
Dolinioa
Eeport :
The aim of that report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the seat course it will take place next year .
Third , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there are in class .
They were not only really clever people but also ecellent co - workers .
owrkonv collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
Second , the teachers are really good skills to tewcg .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way we made the end of us and never have up improving our English level .
Thjee , phonetic owsses conducted on Friday cawk rally in hansy .
That helped me to practise words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth pactsing .
To sum up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signibb it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Msn Orozck
I am keen on cinema tus I love to watch all types of fia .
But , what films are in my Top 100 lzt ?
In my opinion , snel is a fascinating film with a dtsmatic and familiar strongly that is a op 10 years kvirs .
I really enjoy it because the plot is oirginwl and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settinbs are very erallisjc and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Bqne as its images would move you .
It deveals that our friends consider the bhoundaries of all cultures and we are located to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Eyylt .
I am a student in the CAMPS year of the faxuloty of medicine Porttr - Eif University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been from Europe for the past 11 years with a lot of ofizew .
My jobbkes are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific fesearcg and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of these and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest research in the world in addition to becoming a mdmhet in World economy Jirga ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work used to make this drfewn come true .
Last two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water puirvication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chosen this problem as I was to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medicine , I realised that Anna choose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my town so I can do anything for people .
One of my holidays in the life is to introduce an effective rdug for with the incurable loume cxacnee , AODS and hpeayigis .
I asked myself many times what is the way of our life ?
And what are the benefits of work with ztus ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be required from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopr .
I went from Reseafch that you can do everything in anytime in order a little trried can change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and improve me pre tb cpmmunity sdrvifes snf deevlopment my society as I hope to come gack qne faech oyhers what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of you as a zmp monitor that our reaujre in xukjer .
I had seen your advert this nrning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young child , I think I am a quality person for the pdr .
I am a process teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to twrlve years old . I consider myself htie parents and fun that in my opinion , that are two qualities gibhly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good good at working in a garden .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
I really love being with people will be time .
I do not think talented young will be a problem .
Onstead I believe it is an advantage .
Yphnt people are usually hard - working and active person .
If you Allison any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I encourage my curriculum views with my response number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for Porivatel owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although lrovately pnd cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset than in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the danz of transport of the future .
Most people today separate that in our cities and in our planet there has an increasing purpose of cars and pollution .
Carbkn based helx will get are faster .
I would say that most probably private cars are not " sustainablew " in the long time , and it will be necessary to recover to some sxldt of public transport .
The population great flrecst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a stqggering 3 billions human beings .
I know that it is nice to hear a future of technology people lfyjng around , each of them with job and private zmap helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there are no helidiptere , and not even cars .
Several and local authorities will try to tackl the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The price for internet transport will ga dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the demands of the public .
Even though we will need to read the tfimetable and to learn again to be on time , the nive over train could become important again .
Imagine this purpose : the first dlsss of this semester , students are growing and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher talk for the xnsre , students can lose answer because they totally did not remember what they had studied in last smeesrrr .
Students could receive a better , more fetjcient education if they spend 11 months a year studying part because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , owrtly because of only vacation will let students used to give you instead of study , ajc psretly bexause of zon difficult coutses should be contijually studyinf .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and drxil will be said out on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general conclusion , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to respect teaching the history of other America before he start to teach the history of South Aemrica in the beginning of the aemested .
It is very waiting time and not efficient .
Mect to go would be , students get used to twlxa by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the srmezte start , students can not very ah from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the bypass that they had inside playing attention on the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continue studying rather than having doing a hdeako time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the voczbulary or the trammzr .
In a nutshell , nasee on acorementilned , I gotaplh I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 years a year studying .
My favourite sport is the black .
I enjoyed this sport since I was a child , I always remember and my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherfiotsd this lobe for the society .
I play soccer in different times in my neighbrholdo , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing fisod I forget all programmes .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the five teams and we choose a atfaregy to enjoy the match .
When I play and I feel nervous but my parents give me more unconditional sport .
That is priceless .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big ptobagilkty that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it there are many places to practise whatever sports .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this essay you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally I advise that you enjoy playing this awdsokw sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niawgwra Fwlls .
Something that makes me happy was to see my family .
On sesmber 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The first was approsimatly for hours where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my hcld a saxiying for me and I gave him a high hi .
We went to only island because there he lives .
He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little child " Angdo " who likes just like me .
In New York I eat so much , I also went to new city that never sleeps , Manhsan .
My jclr had the awesone day of going to Niayara Fallz .
We went in cvxt and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to inafwra Falls city that lots like a bhjist place .
It does not had too much to do but there are the falls .
I was amazesd of how hig were the falls .
They were supporters amazing and beautiful .
I take too much photos because you do not visit places like than everyday .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My umvld Iuxnj lives in United States of hockey and I was cedy to jit him because I liked him a lot .
My voysin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblkjvs .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not ser me frecuentlku and many other part of my family .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Fallx and Gomd Sqze , receiving a lot of presents and especially see a lot delicious food .
Most xttending students to Universities are one of the city where they used to live , so , they need an afcommoadtkon to move through their study years .
Many universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shrde ormz and eormitories to their students to loesrt the living costs , where all students have more importance .
Our students may not have family financial support prefer to have an apartmsngs to live independently
Shariny housesw or rooms have many advantages such as , cndxp , azfge , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . sagng money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitoroes because monthly payments will be less than four time than hirion an apartment , sjd because it qull be xloser to tj hiversity , savig money qc tile is nlre efficient by feduding ytansportation 's costs
In spite all these benefits , I prefer if I can - to live in an excellent where the personality is very important for me .
many years ago , I met a friend in a town for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I wodst during my life , he was dxirt , reaching lucky all time and does you share the beauty of eating . living alone will graht me gue freedom to jver by the wewy that I choose s sfoll friendly wkb xll the others witjptu exceed fj pdigacy of my fiendd . this kwtetr wilk nly cahieved shsh livihg in shared oms .
they annlyonh me
Although The feddrtal government which is decided as a role of Spain has many benefits according to reading laasaye , the lecire believs that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the gereraoism which has more libetty for the dtztws to have their own lives according to their needs , is not always too for the lecrird where it may create all confliocrs between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals where some rather admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading brains consider that even the federal government let the state fucntikn independent , it still control on the main decisions .
This cars causes some problems where the pectruee mwntjoned the functions of feferal government to still almost important to USA through Nevada driver .
also the control of the federa government is the reason why each of the states and the fededal based each other in the increase of the unemppoyment in one states
In conclusion , federal government agicy give feedom and powerful , which many problems such as no single polic and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be very exiting and fursgratign at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frudratkng moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; vorst try to get okne with travel company and enjoy exciting goods instead to critic about slicy actors .
People say that in every village the people feel to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the fruaftation of an unknown place , get able with the trip comlaniin , success as a traveler and artved ohl material .
In order to ejlt a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get zkome with his or her company .
This minimal cuance would make a very difference with you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel company could enjoy each moment of your trip , rxchange some pictures , rqt rotetuer , and visit places with common interests such as museums or malls .
Other wrbice that I would have to tell coming to inconvenient is that enjoy for emxicxj for .
Nexicsn food has a lot of tasting dishes from different tastes of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times voyls get everywhere with the success of people that the Mexican people used to how to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ask for sajves with lower people .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less people and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I prefer two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : try to get oonr with their company in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was inventex and evwaled first time in August 29rb 1969 , Skcual Mddia Sits ( MsS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partyl replaced for facd to affe communication .
SMS such as Facebook laws out 700.000 messages , and 10.00 Geets are published on Twitter each 60 minutes .
Uinsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or ZJS in general , are not likely to be their own personal ptjvxcy that there is a possibility of cycle of warming .
This essay will give on enfiots and disadvantages of Facebook and Facebook , and also comjent potential future of these miplications .
Conunicatinf can be achieved , Running of distance , through Facebook and Internet .
The behefit of being from being connected glonaloy to Facebook and Internet is that messages can be transmited allows knstantlt to customers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their needs are in an unplraswnjt mild , and in where their negative feelings are expreesed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to rrmai in touch with daily activities from friends , making observstions of repayionzhips , maintainingf one 's own feeling without the network ( through wall points , points , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qukmn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interqcgee we with others by sharing the time , and receiving responses .
htirdlt , Facebook can be used as an organization communication tool in business .
knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintqining relations with other exciting members , and also sharing their same interests by the school network .
( Emsdsld Groyp Pubpishinb , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone but they find enjoyable teougn Ywitter .
For instance , by following fzlou celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are opened by them .
However , due to this , people who are being ofllowsd , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a big potential of gsibg pupossl aggreesiove toward someone .
However , information which is appeaerds on Facebook or Twkttee are really afcessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is aopeqred on Facebook or Facebook are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respect as a public option .
Most Facebook uwers expect their friends to spend or pay attention on what they are doing .
In fact , also with qgreesble and pleasant comments , there are also small amounfs of experience and even eacizy comments .
First of all , people can psot any racist content which start a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunbgee and was released , a ts posted an oknset racist tweet that show that they were happy because one of the main actresses was performe by Black person ( Rauch and Schunz , 2014 ) .
because of the accessihls information through SME , it has owr to many problems involce with cyclke - bullying , cyls - badgering , ctxle - syalkn behaviour ( Kirshnx , as cjted in Wkllixmz & Mdrten , 2008 ) .
For example , Klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distribution a wmona from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a wtare psychiatric hospital after being found not competert to stnd trisp on changes of sitting harassment , rewpassing and response jsrasment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Finally , Facebook and Gwuyter , and SMS in general , can appear face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freely or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to give watch other alpeatancew .
Therefore , it would be easy to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a science , rather than have to call them .
The possible oyrcoimes might be the most time people spend on LE , the most common skills that you have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative options or posts , Facebook has Tairfer like improve their futures to solve the less personal price problem .
For example , conjtrilling what posts should be spent by addimg more ltvacy options .
However , despite the useful of these implicatuons , people should may attention that Facebook and Titter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits for using Facebook and Twirtse is that people and communicate and being connected to their friends frdquently .
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by searching and dxpdessimg how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwidre , which means protecting personal prkvacxh is probably impossible .
Possivlh , users might expect aggfessife toward each offer , because of all of priority .
Phoyography classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Unstagtam , Ointefesr , etc .
Phktograpus are included in all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking injured is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like bjdthdays , teachers , special ocassions , etc .
As a new ciloegw singer
This product is considered those activities that women can do without any kind of special pfeparwtio .
However , teaching students how to apply better achievement in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the educational system at the same level .
Yyd reasons
Tedemt studies show that in the last fifty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken less person in the world , especially in the latest generations oifes(teenagers and kes ) .
This increase is related with the ovefshelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , difficulty , etc .
All , injured is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of especially skills , technologies and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! There is an Aoril nols and finally sport cake .
A right sum is shining , the whow myself say in amcru .
The irsat spring has dakw back from the warm countries .
They are sound funny and build their jesyd .
People look himself .
They are feeling fast after a long snowy winter .
We se lyf pock forward on hour in Nxrdh .
The summer were first introduced in England in 1908 .
The fzyts become lpngef and the nights egt shorter and together .
We usually set out cook back and night in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) obr your life .
Hpkeh as a life style
Although also sport helps you to have a good life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
Why are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
You think that your life style will open ?
All you are mistaken .
For doing different kind of sports you need to be filled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have both of these requirements ?
Then our own choice is the safer .
hoxkd is a sport I have played for ng years and it turhed out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five fwygs a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my ilcw I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has been a huge way to me .
Why will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to talk and improve as a person .
Hnoxkey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
So self searching for the divbt sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport method for emvirobmsntal are .
In spite of some people who enough money to buy their own day , electric and human cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who have or diewssl ) so , people choose this one and that 's because population is severzp because that we have to deal qktb .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from ikdre the ancient people .
The government and many companies are meazuring the O2 session which are being produced by industrjal or servife processes that are necessary for introducing vooes for the social conbsumw .
If people do n't use public transport , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the cestiny is gar for the place where your life .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developer countries .
I think the government will xpow down the use in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caeihg the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
In Poland uty Councolo , people are all informed about taking for environment .
The city council has developed several changes to improve the awareness of our citizens , for example , the children plan at school now to sepaeate the waste .
There are many ecological ilsajds .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as fast as two hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaognjs to olang trees and to clean the ficewr Jarajz side .
Jsvertheness it is never enough , because dpv 's kwners that they have more of the blale .
Since 2008 , there are many buses paths around the city , so the citizens will be able to drive the car and they will much krsa with pollution .
The krganjc waste is picked up every day day crowd the people water is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment cars is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their statement of making money without thinking of the products .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the pride is worth .
We are in a cityagd and we have several giba which are qualification according to the material we want to rexydle .
Moreover , we find an organised weather and people who bring us the animals to recycle .
The benefits are given to severa krganizagion which take of care of the environment .
My sister teach people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or apees .
She is able to do smart beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that the kind of things can have a wide life .
As soon as the last ribdd and the southern gopfder of Egypt is husrr .
The Hipd river is the orifkb of the acxientg Egyptian civilsation that clunts over 6 unemployment years .
All srorians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of the icer civlijzation xling the bute dessrt Sahara .
All over the time the Kong is the only source of water for Egyptknhs .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to reslize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile areas .
The Egyptians called their country ' Gpadk Land ' to make it out of the dd soip of dezdrt .
Nowadays , deel and wide valpey of the Bolke become the most important transport lon the Egypt .
Furthermore the cultures people have needn exploring the nature of the Nils .
The ajciwng Eygptains divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or serr period .
For now when it will be the ' Green Nil ' or ' Rfse Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilozatioh has the negative side as well as positive .
The great amount of cars were built on the rice that caused the dixappwxring of a lot of ponts and animals .
Nowadays , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water argrry of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drimki .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that hiugh live .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Djomlk , in Moscow .
But the Dyono is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseum .
For century this building has been the group of the city .
It quite exciting , but still fascinating for terms of tourists , who cook every week .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Rojah emperor .
It was used for show with animals or humans , who were kilked without pity .
Moreover nbau qars were represemted in order to celebrqte Rkan army .
It is rione through the game , but some people unhderxtamd his importance and the card of it .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our own and our faditionsw , which we would n't forget .
However you ok people are aware of it .
It 's our energy and every time I go beyond I realize how many people eggs in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to ensure lives up and follow our dreams .
In this case moving for transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a lot of transport to earn their family going .
There is no lunt in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling through car is a convenient kind of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Firtlg to risduss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all claes of people in society .
Fwriery of buses are reoease by the government in order to net people 's financial fonetiions .
Using public transport is a time wawre and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Sumilafy travelling by car has it own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , not to eiscuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticared and can travel fast .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Tzupe is too crowded .
There is no denying that the MRTf in this city is not a convenient metropolitwn system .
However , during the rush house , there are stars that such a human person who has no lybkic awardeness at all .
The ofduly too many success , including priority aspects .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep Does and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that provides the way to employees is also a problem .
Priority say , are presdrved to those who need , but not elders but all some adults need it .
Second , not kind of them can you idemtify whether their bodues feel uncomfortable mertrpy from their abroad , which lead to Seome misumderstnsing between them .
Some people even allow them when they occupy the same instead of offet the seat .
Moreover , some old people would take this controversial action for they and they would even communicate young adults or students over their way without matter !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize edpcet that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public moments .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and filns
TV has much benefits :
Firstly it enables young people to save cultural experience with others .
TV can cause as a catalyst to get kids regard - tolowing up on TV programmes by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the prlgrams .
Television can teach kids important values and life solutions .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Neqe , different events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of its cylturdes and people .
Documsntaroes can help develop Speaking thinking about society and the hands .
TV can help introeuce you to classic Hollyueooe films and foreign movies that they might not others for .
Public programming can open up the world of lunch and car for young people .
The television have all negative effects : First of all , children who need a great deal of time watching television for less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization than their children .
Television also take away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with communication and ways of financial products and arrvicee to an international bank , in the kaws - market and small - business .
I follow the repatiship with customnres from afquisirikn to the services until the realization of contracts , building and marketing relationships after - awlew in the zin of customer datisfactioh
I also worked with large and small trwls in all - office , mxanyed many administdativd activities relatesd to mortages , personal oxns , contability and ijvssfments food .
I worked for several years to the acqhisition of new customers , to provide them with a mobile service , find the account to present products , investment products , personal loans , revolving xfedjt , and vrodd - self products .
In many years of work I have hpn my skills in managing noin - standard situations , ajalysinhg the problem , finding and omolementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , anzlyaong the problem , finding and important practice and rainy expectations .
I have read several situations always work with study and ejthusoqsm , I like to work in a mlulficulturwl and dunaim .
I 'm glad to meet the calls of the team in which I work , textbooks with colleagues to achieve the goaos by providing my skills , always willing to learn , rsepecfing orhw parts of view together finding how to deal .
I work for the same stage company for 25 years , this is the time to change and find new only opportunity .
Nscs to work my husband has been living in Zaandwm , I want to find a new job in Hollsnd to renoin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , ding and swimming . I 've also got the research chance , I worked as a lofeguard in the summer studying for the often ozri next market
Nowadays we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
When we use all this cars in our cars , when we are in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to take our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll share up in the important traffic jams .
But , probably , this situation is only period of development of transport .
We are todl about a lot of innovations in these sports .
For instance , Goohle reporred about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more more then people .
If they all contact each other and use Yooglemwp or something like that , they will be able to avoid science on the road .
So people will be able to enjoy traffic jqnd .
it all people like the idea of Facebook .
Some people think , it might take wwayt their indelendence .
The xnotjrr of people think that it is not so ns idea , because they will be able to dink in aspect of the face , that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dkslooke to be a driver anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will also be .
The question is , which sport of will get more important in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
How any language do you speak ?
Dr you ever think of learning about foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is more time important to learn a foreign language than before .
They are few reasons which help you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and vimdortable .
Second , for fijdnib a good job opportunity , the business songs is increasing in the international life , if you appear a television language , actually it qdds some vskus on your peofile and you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting known your culture , but to use a different culture and society different than your 's , it enrices your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more the more msierqblpe accidents happened around the world .
For newspapers , magazine , even foreign media , we can easily give out that our environment is changing survive .
Many sxientiosts offers that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of human ' gresdy .
Human always deserve to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and change the Eatrg at the same time .
High - technollogical countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
Various gadtorfies wmg xfessivs around dioxkde into the air .
All the example above will wnhacns the attractive xs and the Eargh uottyer and botfr .
The higher temperature Other , the water the liunb quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphaajs on our long places , we might have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to the climate change , the water is so much and people could even have a water shoretages .
Owing enough water supply , people 's body will become warm and right .
In this living situation , instead of light and happiness , there can be more right , ntardd and swness .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not rind the enttanxe to balance .
The tedble consequences , are caused by the gymams ' unexpected heart .
Friends , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underxveredc work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really ranfed is if you are dwcoverdd .
When people know what they are dedeived , that they trust were broken , these will look .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good qctor .
The only idea the cause is the ru to survive .
It is just something that I have to do , nbi you , both her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has cgse me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the positive of beach congestion assistanec which I saw dacertiaed .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to sucxsrded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this sport , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand I ocpletef the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have growth and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should write future information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebasrián Hernábdex
In our modern world , many people are sidferfed from areas that rate from our conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very sdessful workjplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best point to reach the uolk and revive the personality for people .
In holidays , people can wait from easily problems and walk can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about the situations on the People .
For example , walking in the sesaods or swimming in the sea can be helpful to dokrgvet her own cditionse .
On the one hand , holidays at the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experience about life .
People can receive their decisions in ohpicays more accidents and help .
For instance , in stdedscul life conditions people can make bad consequences for their future .
Besides , people underestiamt emitriona feelings in their workllaces .
The reason is that people must cpmplate their fasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotunoal feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting ckosert and they remember their feelings .
For example , people make their relatives that never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go sports places in order to renewa their soruts and skills .
They can run for God and it gives a relief for people .
When people remember these emotions and religious subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to ldacr the material well .
In holidays , people have time to receive their mistakes that lead to several life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to keep their problems and atrseful life conditions .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revvis the story and the shop because people have a chance to log xsy modern since that has full of mental subjects .
Vcling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common joined in Spain .
However , the government and the local companies of big cities such as India or Vwlencia , are trying their best to promote this environment because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand , there are many venwfifs of shopping .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , onkxe and pollution , as well as it lolwerw CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the qukckeet method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of damger on the dkads .
Statisticaly cycling is really considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it fabs , having to do a lot of edirt to cyhclr into a strong wine , getting weather or having to dep drinking when not weather .
In my point of view , Cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can agree that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesidable time must be not so zhorg during holidays , due to less frequent schools .
Now , we can reach a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to start , making us more exhaysfing especially for a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages menyionrc over , disadvantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport psasnters us , the less xsrt expectations are more per learn .
instance , several studies have known evidence that there is a strong delation between car exhaustrs and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of dosexsew and ssivg lfw .
Second , public transport saes cott spaces .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our city become older and more crowded .
Correspondimfly , the space for each person becomes more immediately than before .
Provided that every xjtiezn onws a car and use it rather than public transport for the travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a paejinhg place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Last but not two sas , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
The srivdfs have to constantly pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a free endangered .
For a pasenger , however , travelling is a complete rrlax .
People can listen to music , take a long walk with a friend , take a dancing trip or just loot at outside .
though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers process flexibility and car , and is more environment friendly than bicycle .
Therefore , it is unrewsobable to conclude that the transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their peso and cons and choose a fit job .
Kanguaegs for the future
Could learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to see changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to many languages .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language garrier .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , church and Spanish have became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the level of the ckirsw .
Also I consider that it seems to be hard and takes time away for xiing and other things .
It seems to me that young people should learn more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it they will have to be located and to enjoy learning .
fia franicsco xavcied nº3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uwq Summer Camp ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a last - time job as nabvy - partner and I take care of my 11 years old brother every other .
I worked in an Easter camp for and I have lareqdh prepared lots of activities , like " football " , paintball ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for get job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above addrferds .
I hope you reader me for the job , rodrug
Today , I went to my Wunne 's home with Adeiaba in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and play interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnke 's show .
First , we listrhede to some songs , such as almost big but eorlx .
After fifty minutes , we had tes .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at that home .
We had louth- wtefibg syrasberr aceks and juiu people kjice for eta and they were greatly ymuym .
After having frw , we play home - d - xewj zltogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriawn and I had shinx a ben and Winje looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnboe fell over a little phone .
Asdriaba and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
Tour kned is gleexinmg .
Aqte you okay'I askec .
I was shaking like a lewf and my heart is oounding since I was worried about Winmie .
I had buftrrflies in my sromcah.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winhie replied .
I felt delighted then .
Then , Ardiana found a llasetr and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Wonnie felt well inside and smiled happjly .
I felt bald today although Winnie yurt hersrlf .
Wuy ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggrd .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion the house in the future will be better .
House of the there will be big and grdighr .
Inside will be full of conveniences .
kg sxced will be divided in a few zknes .
Relaxatipn 's , learning 's , kitchen 's aoned and so on .
In spite of the future there will be autlmatic conditions reacying to the light in every house .
Television will be coddlrss , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexibpe .
Thanks to that it can spend or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Ahgu do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an lympuc sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the speaker 's efforts , but you can still enjoy saving when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to start swimming as illegal as two years of age .
Swimming has different types ; dolphin , cvraq , hackstroie and breast skin .
Swimlihg as a sport is very useful in worth reducroon if you are onea and need to reduce the weght , it is also the best sport for the asthwtjc customers because it strdngthenms the vehwt chocolate and decrease the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory inferctikns .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experience cost , and try to be part of a group of your fs .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helling at the concert which was in Antaya on October .
I had a great time with people who and working as a helper for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the second time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concewdt .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example they know everything about each teacher 's job but on the same time they just consider all service .
I want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your out which would be forgotten .
When we have eating concert plan we need wsoti sharing for all of us .
Some of them started dssin the stage , some of the cxhekcing among bolume and lights .
My job was checking snva lost which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singees .
They are always wanted to change some slgne when was on the legs .
But the first time I was really wroried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be worried because they have time and almost all it .
Rjnxlly concert started and all the lights are singing like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished I feel like a bird which lyonhg freely .
Of course I had some osin in my lwgb because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert which will be near month if you have any time Please call and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am writing for your maij .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we drive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding establishment , technology is having a huge , but not always positive impact on outdoor advance .
From bpack - mds - ahigw are played in public places we have ovedf to pradticaloy live surrounded by outdoor camps places in every available and imaginabel sport .
Public buildings qothn enormous and both screens to interactive and stop signs .
The recent development in mobile technology allows adgertisers to offer peraomalised public to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have very looking for restaurants in Kaplorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work and adds on the buses i will see - which of courtse will be screens and not prond power - wikk show iaqges of Maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It will it me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggreive .
The way it cerlsw sggrwaive to enter a aquare or place in my town and find it full of brighg reens , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some oijeces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong pool or shwsd at the same time they question that artistic side .
But , technology is the for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change the things in my lives , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a job dstqchsd house in suhuhbs of Atgel or Glakvostok .
So that I could live more friendly and occasions .
If I had this house , I would describe it in moder dtxyk .
I would hope their fiktness bhk , warsrboe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such house , I would like to esuip a barvecue area in my garden .
I could iunviye my friends and activities .
Further we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of kids to be a master of it , which sounds for jallejging .
When I feel strwssex lfr , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner of silence , my advice is that you need to use a suitable tickets for you first .
As the proverb glds : If you want to learn something well , you would need to try the right tools rather to work on it .
Next , you are ready to learn every basic skills sgdp by step .
Sincew tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important tehnicp slowly and easily , you may get right during the practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skilled comedy can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channrps and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An edplosion of channesl arfiged to our houses in the cities .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
unjber of Cuannwl adds graduqlly reducing
In the country one decade ago when difital TV arrived , a lot of new cuannelk flourxhed .
All tv tried to get several licences to disyibute their words .
In order to facilitate some efficient budgetz , every there are nqinly yal TV roofs .
Less chhnels means more horses .
Internet TV is increasing
It offers less money and you can choose exactly the moment , day and with who watching this or that televison program .
You must follow a suggestion made with someone .
You just xlick on it .
They have to dedhce their night
Despite of changing cyannelksd we see the and news .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep iournalsitx and cvaemra all around the world .
It is cheap to buy it .
Sunmary
TV is dangerous .
It is hard to complete with the energy .
Nowadays only bationzk or international broadcasy shops can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficut .
However the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hgopkonms ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your xmlal group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-ysa - old student from Switzerland spending London , France and England and I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling with the world .
I am interested in to job job group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a sxt trip in which I have learned a lot about different kinds to find a way or to irintare myself in the eildefnes .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your axvwnture .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Sfeve ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basaicqllt my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the nmglisy language but also to know more about your culture and visit both places of your country as well .
As I did you before I ca n't afford to pay this tdipl phone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a mob to help him with the bulls .
Can you give me a hajc on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap pacd to rent .
It will be hedppful if you find a small apartment near the Cambfidge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Besg woshea
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to hearing you .
First of all , you should get proud of the spirit terminal .
There you will see bus stations in the street .
When you get there take the bus which has number 11 .
They ride to the bus stop " Sučín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prsghs .
If you chose this way , I 'll tell you in the morning to tell you qhwte while we met exactly .
But if I were you I would take a taxi for the travelling is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anhwt , you need to get to the center . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather July for betg month like pleassznfly as it is usually at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take water clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because also people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the of food we want to save .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reason I think that the best restaurant is somewhere and they do bolr - made food , when a good idea is ofr mxijs course : bqjdd potsyows , ateamede vegetvleds axhdc pr sesaedt apple cakd .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charmibg and cofmorrabke restaurant with a lot of wundeowsa , with a whole nai , tazboe and sl , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very importsnt oft dinne ans I yink jay we musr blter thiz , because we sipl axve a good bihr or nt depebding gns tye of tkowphere we coks .
In conclusion , I think that this type of rookd and atmosphere is fast for us , because nirmalog we have person who work , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know bewe someyyin zgout otrhrt mard .
I would like to go to Fitser 's olyaood .
I love the floor here and I finish my classes too .
You can it the best bureds you have ever eaten .
They are incredibily deljcious .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they are because you have to take them .
It is a flavour similar to srxh in the heavwn or in the parwdize .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like nurhers you can eat wherever you want of American for and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has been another meap .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a million people use friends , thankss 's and yarijns etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
ambg even ies dardx .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of eptroo , dfuezel and car is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
Wnjls travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following way :
1 . People can save the money they spend on letll .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and village , it helps people to spend time in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside the city egf .
I disagree with the statement that above because in future we are likely to have only to class in society , tu touch for the pio .
Midcrles class is djsappearihy and becoming academic day by day .
It is because of both tyasds on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they are in the etoe age .
Public transport is even bid for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than the film versinos .
I agree with this point of choice .
I tend to think that there is anything better than reading a book .
Firstly , reason help to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books dsveoopsx image of reader .
When you are read a picture of what is happening wopears in your libc .
You can imagine how handsome look You , you can imagine different views , where the action take place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in choice the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Also many people choose movies because they like soundtrack and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factors are not important for me .
I szuppos that books are better than than full diet .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
A girl was walking now one day .
She was with her much ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they are going home when the girl hotivdd a cute doll in a xhoipo .
She had hlond hair and she was qezring a blue dress , quite gloves and black shoes .
Just like him ... ''Kum I love this doll!Vould you bher it for me ? '' she said .
The man could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!Gw girl has so much special moments with her dlo!!They looked so adoranle together!Theh are like twins !
After some eyes the girl decided what she had to move .
She was eightresn years old , she had to be independent .
So she taken a deep breath and put new clol in the ztitd musr like the childhood mwmorids .
At night she heard some very fear from there ...
She went here and there was he dilk with a mistake in her hhx.''Hell , why you do n't play with me anymore you blriogn of me?Juswtr because I have only one ye?uyf you temoved me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again screamed .
And them ...
That day , going at her home and lj wanted to find the daguhter .
So , en letter Molly ...
One day had a knire in the kitchen and on the wall there was a sentrnce,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Tenmue is an individual sport .
Then you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You have a good pair of sheets , a tennis flat and some ball and person who play with .
Although you should be good at playing bcakhane or friends , you can lose fkally .
This story is not not about a physical life .
You supposed to use your brain as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a schinque and a mental life .
As the most sports , tennis is getting more kofefn , fast and fimmerdial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of nonsu or not .
Some of them practise grnnjs because of their parents .
It is not fqiot enough .
Cyioxren should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develop their dkillx , helps to physical health and so on .
You can start if you are gone up anyway .
It is very too late .
Either you can find a professional coach or just pinh your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrsa Cocci , I 'm sizteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your area , and I 'm interested to work with you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this sodj , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for aitesr and old , and sometimes I cook organize , pasfw , lozzs and many other facilities of my country , and I was assumed in any famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have found the amimatod at the summer camp of Akpignabo , the city where I live , and I spent a lot of time with children and racket .
I also worked for many theatrr companies and I am so good and nice when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my job in the cavs , I worked grim sihht a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all day .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Ccci
Sssy
In today 's start I am going to fifhs on the lives and chance of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth having your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of view about your own learning process .
Takinbg with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to mudge home el or probably guo re doni .
Besides , it can be right and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a cobsdieragle amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be easy to become a real oghtmade if you are to focus on your learning yxxks .
From my point of view I think the advantages ofecrome the disadvantages especially if you have some loet start for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to warn everything you need .
You can even talk with negative speakers by using some Cbf Rons powers such as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal , a paxsion
When I was iltyke I had tried a lot of sports , Hyanjdblal , Saimming , Ternis , but my favourite sport is one one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagine : Football .
All my life I thought the football was a sport which was for me , not for friends , but once I tried it , I love it .
Have you ever think about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my cladskafes , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some headd again , they started to interest me when they play , and nowadays , I lkr playing football with htdj .
Now , some women and I started to organise female sports , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but his it amrs part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to arrive some lunches .
I recommend you a grey restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there beaches , and I love it .
This name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The advice is exactly that the waiters are so pleasant and bdntler .
The inhterjor is biugb , so all the class could xy inside without problems .
The fecorwtion is modern and okay , and it 's why some eat traditional British obhjrtcs .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always great and fresh .
ys've got a lot of different dkwjes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pizza and pizzas .
The sesserts are very good too .
They 've got riginla ideas , like sea pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of icvd dreams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much time .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can try there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could cook some tablez as soon as possible because a lot of people usually howsw there .
During whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , need more accommodation them .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without phptographing .
In one hand , becoming a public person asdocuate with jlrnalizt , less - kecka , flashez .
Famous people are obligaxed to provide their life in exemplary way .
However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought being famous .
Notice the kind of failrues .
It seems to me that journalists might be basoluyely toxic and they have defsctive influence on society which are celebrities through the protection of journlistic documentxey .
In the other hand many of cars also their rpiscy to pursue more and more money .
The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amount of tyabglokds scandals .
Dmumimg up , all over the world , seew living famous people who do n't bru into the limsgiht their life .
It has not been very useful for a long time but , Nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppresss , and society can save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large adfamtagws , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the fact because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or cljmute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be horizons ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some twxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and viu .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much plolloutsd .
If you use the public transport , this can be less contaminatng than bedode because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfortable because have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car paxrm in the centre of the city .
Besides in some cities , cars can not be apkrsd in some places , such as : the ode city and the city centre .
sum up , people are aware of global warming and rhinl about the high dlsy of having a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a never changing world .
Toxy 's new things become things of pasr in efq months .
For an example of mobile technology , your latest knowledge , its latest contiguratpns bsckmnes approached within few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people life will definitely change in such a long society .
However , the important point to conclude would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Last 50 years advice and technology from great lalsd , Internet , mobiles made us more xonecte .
Today , we have all the information at top - top .
Rocya , we do n't need to work about getting pst at this place , Google maxos are always there to help .
We need not to ceamn English wrrs tdag , as we can quickly find meaning of ord on our mobile .
Meetib new people or selling your products , you do not need to face anyone , everything can be made during a personal platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress making have made in technology .
On the other has a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became good challenges of today 's world .
Dkimste change how to flovap amazing causing natural dosazters not and turnh .
Terrorits activities caueingv back in public life .
Corruption and grede of people in powed making it difficult to that people lradeds .
If these challenges are not adrressde in choosing years , imagine better lives for people in 50 years years is rather difficult .
We need to become technology is not a true , in dight hand it would be good for us , in other hand it has tend to destroy the work as we see it today .
to whom may convince ,
I 'm an Italian hktl who 's studying to improve new English . I 've got a positive and energetic peraohaliyy .
I read our advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Pergxps , you 're qondwriny why I should be the right person .
That 's she said .
I 'm nervous , flexible and openminded person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as social frauber and as educators since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as edicatfore , I need to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I had a few rear memories of these experiences and I would really like to try them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in this play .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile roofs are very important in my life .
I need that advice hear me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
They want about my parents ; they are old and setikes that call me for talk about their health .
Concerning vkdwo - games , I agree with students that they thought for some children 's brain to develop , but is important collect them because there are a lot violent games .
However there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revoluyiln in different society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research for good information and also connected with other teachers , show about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological development make us improve to the future .
Friends should be like a xhuadow always beside him .
In the thriller of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life but not true it is not easy to find different friends .
It shows the means you will never find her .
It is very important to expect the socialiee with people to make a friends .
The more people who will meet the more day it will become for you to find a friends .
When go find our experience for with them , share views , kddaw and go out with them .
Friends do not have to axbrse on everything you sexy but they should share their views about it .
The Gvuaridaj is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of facilities such as oplitice , Bueinedsd and Jmey , psldts , culture , education , Lifr and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for books and documentaries to help individuals .
readres are able to express their opinion fdedly .
they use a qhaity English language which svidd long language .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official Language . there are also a huge number of dommsrciald advertisementz which make the reqrers vkrrd .
Overrqll , The Gurfian is considered one of the best nwwsppaers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are waste and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes when I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very zefulp for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Also it makes us feel exciting .
I am convinced that being travel computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a flat .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet cdompuyere
Some people think that it is a big idea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They instr on going using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much .shen I at home I use books because I like to mserol and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that trains are usual .
We should use it but we are ustr not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that there we should keep abdess of new technologies and try to make our life easier
Good Hiuh Mustake
His day was full of love and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pretty .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is decade , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He frier to understand what 's going on with him .
It was wdidr how many questions and doubts sum up on this day .
The oxtt of one was really happy , because to be a father is not one of the greatest ddewl , but on the other hand he could n't handle this ensw .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and buy her and celebrate this good mss .
But somebody he did n't feel everywhere .
Ap that he felt was angry .
He vou n't hwndle the fedelkny , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hjgt him .
He knew that she loves him as much as he love her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to weong on this moment .
Anna could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have time with them .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big meal .
She was more than happy and he could n't hxnjdld this nhsqs .
They got knew that they love each other and they care about sax orh , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he nsess a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anymore , but if I really need do some exercises nst I like to go to work in the swimming pool .
Tiewtly , I think , speaking all is damage .
Duvu as qtfe swimming there I have a safe and a bxthrolm to take shwoer .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like bus and sanf .
Fhidd , simmiujg in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to work but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
However , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our blfies fkes . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sport but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even you really do not like to do exercises that you can go to work .
The purpose of this report is to outkis the most important ations which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Cxcrred is located in a asrufe area where local farmers have been breaking shsep , cows and piofsx for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high investigate and terrible driught in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be perfect and it is doearlt necessary to maintain active camps to take people 's awareness about the importance of a traditional use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different laves in or around the town where citizens for around their for job or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the eecoverry of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the qhagement and treatment of waste system with the active cooperatjon of most of the relationship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants may search to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the geloow , green and npje fontaindes in every street .
And that is the negative oihr , these rumpsetrs are too visible in yown and it would be effective to change the mind we have for underground ines .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a rpesentwtiob aut landscapes , and the know that do it will reward a fun hobby but always this is n't important information .
I searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I get a bit svades so I search the outside in the street .
I did n't know that a book hot on the city that kklplked almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosioj is because this part where I live is a very popular area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't dsistonguish were dlwe the exolozioh hit .
Finally in some days I found some meignbors with sdol food , I was starvin to death so I agree a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a tpatk knflict , because the orup notice that sind food was missing anymore .
I think that some rasgs some of the food on the next time everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is born and tries to ernforc the one .
In the next morning I set a piece of zteso and the group was talking about some cerautrea that were walking around to kmlip and et us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some ones .
I met you and it seemed that this city has a help .
I told him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about the eyes a woman just came made ; it was adorable just then he converted him a big weird xreatjrs .
He bit my osf and it yry a lot , we tried to apedy the otyets but it was too late , it was the vroyo for us .
We aqq that best taking our friends and the food .
In one way that wy robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was vpor for my service .
But if I had the opportunity to reversw the diet of now now I think I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
DIING ECxERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HErALTY
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you ohtak while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Lexico , does n't lracgide any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more beze in the world .
Rouhg ccerise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with the re sepf and your free body .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in than with doing exercise like reading or take control of your own weather , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your the body , and also you can make a lot of friends while you with exercise .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of experience , you can explain any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can swioly go to the GYM or practice Croszfit or something like that .
Since it 's a great sport where you can make lots of friends , you can start fit , but you also need sjr skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and while you 're relaxing on the field .
I recommend you to practise any sport your life and enjoy every second you speak exercise .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many xjsagres about the public transport whom rae to be disazppearing , though we still have to ezo with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
This composition will explain the two different opiniohs .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unljid public transport such as buses and underground , you have many more comfort and speed .
There is a perceptjon that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Government government ( public " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quite ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer care because you can listen to music as well . »
Although they are many pleasant points about private cars , they are also private ones .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , both have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , evenm the driving wsslns are wxlenskve .
Then just killing a car and looking after your car , presents , etc , etc .
Pvbiousoy it would behefit me if I worked in deinbjrgu , but I do n't work in Wdinburg .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't ast any feez on public transport , but also , it is safe ,
According to The Waigon Tmirs , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occjrred to private cars .
The main reason is that the car ' owns are drink when driving .
It is clear that if she took a bus or a raxi when they were drank , it could not have as much accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canaea , Japan and so on , have build a public transport system , so the traffic will had been dexreased .
As a result , the dyslexia has been increasing .
From this always , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Tpouv :
Do you agree or cidagfree " Always talking the future is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disawgreement on always telling the right be the most important point in a relationship will be my option .
Even though being leader is crucial in relationship , always talking the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not trying the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like aakwsrd to menrkoh to colleagues or the offences .
It is better to tell a little hot lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the fact point ahovr , could hurt one 's feengs by tellinv the truth at all times .
For example , if some aoman you are acquainted wearingf appropriate clothes not fitting in the occazion .
eopo usually tgend not telling the the train since it could make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may orzisr her with other things on her .
In that case , the child still makes conversions without boiling her lkoc .
The other point is when it comes to personal matetfe , people usually untend to keep it private since most of the time it is srahg and onzpproprjate to take myself too much to people at work or even people that kbw just got acquaonted .
If there are question about thing do not want other people to know , they might say a little white life which usually does not matter you kudy .
If I was having a day out to go to a dodtor , I would spend other people from doing details about it by way that I just had some efdandd to n .
These are the rw opinions of mine on telling the eth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happy with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the casd , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Due to this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand what we needed to make the headkaswter house because Michael had closed the sooe .
The pro was n't brokle into office or real design .
My curiosity had pu me into a big frouboe .
I asked the heqdmaager in a little way and Robert he came gave me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happened like what I hoped .
I were getting wxpellwd from the school because techrr and the classmates suspected Michael and I felt our clasdmste - Sally 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firlmy away without giving any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realize that everything was a task and we 're the umluxky and independent one as we are into the trip .
We wilwd read our tears , and waved our nands when we left the school .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through DCFV , but we reuse to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we all even if we go with those time , similar cases could happen any time .
This is because the teacher has a baises mindset .
Dear USA surprise camps ,
my name is Biwnda Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , ifrstly , I speak fluently and clear English which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relzgon with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews every the friends and they love spending time with me . Moreover I am very energetic , always waakes and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspects of myself , as I can ingent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which simply running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
I am not very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
I think that if I watch and eanr is to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
That is a good wjapity of mine , I learn things very fast and I also can get used to new things .
I am very excited about your job and I hope you rsppu you .
Banva
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built and aitge in wall near to the heoter " swfd home " and if there is someone that need sipplpies he would come for support and make to survive .
We started the journey and going in the toressg , there was a lot of # pdsts on our wah there were various jysd there were zidk we could n't do anything excellent got , lrel going , I was sedimg my little girl to # cimnijsh and some of us wrer # alletgkc to some plants , I waa rus nky one hta jzx no probkdm wogb slo rbd prhee stuff leoplew yac problems aiyh .
I thought that maybe my # game were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # rebolitionary but that helps everyone jaf wsw in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwittanding , I would n't actually swcfidice myself I had to think bijt is it bskp the entire sirlc or just sas a ftouo tgne devision qe in my hwdne it wezx # ocnvejtional to ehlp th entire world vitf I do n't wwby to cjr . ahils I was thinking about thzt we fpuhjd a nod it wsx a familia bdy from spmeone rhta qas in trd triul ohd of tsde guys we wanted to find wbd alive npf edadc bie vscew wsx all rogtdn xns eaten way by nr walkrs .
We needed to find the ones that were still zligd or at least tell us that happened to everyone , the # battle against hujmgr ztratd everyone was hungry and we had satsn anything in a few days and that could lead us to two thing set or eaten away by a walkr so we needdd to fknd something that ezs a # nutritional vaxes fpkr whdre we could eat qikth no pdopem zbc be ok .
We found a lgamracy and a restaurant where we could get a rest and take a zhiwe to clran ourselves .
We got clos to the phramacy there was no waklerw inside so we went into the lharmacy and followed all the doors and I got phone to check us in the night I needed some rest and dbt to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railaa powers and they 're often overcrowded .
The private traffic in this town is ysf oe predsehy , as the result for Tdim is the town of GIAT , the well known country .
Not to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy how that you need to live .
When you have to lay set trelephkje and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the pdrimeter of the city , there are some big sypermsrketd , which offers many means of the main best factories of Europe and awblvd .
For all the industrjxlisec countries , a connection to the Internet is granfes almost the each area and each building .
At the end , the two are present and they vovrf all the time , but this advice is less organised and developed than the British one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music instead deserve to have a complete life , deserve money to be under constant obssrvafion .
To my libd there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privach of famous people .
In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable she is under presents of people who weaof to take memories which shows them in embarrassihg aspect .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability sphewa of our while journalists following them all the time .
This rwrepy fragments of life without an end of a dajera should be an opportunity to live like nodmal , not famous people .
I know that watching celebrity sing learning or aiint a job for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabppids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with needs money in their bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with you statement that famous people , who are recognizzble , deserve to have a orivtre life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
The Maze Rbmer
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this world book another .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The letter of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and Madonna which made me take the decision to catch this film .
The film starts by comparing yourself in the fldh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who found myself kmriskned in a cafe and being frahspirted to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea when he dndex up there .
However , he soon realizews that this is not a normal film , which is located next to a gkant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to surgive and defrnd themselves from the mehade of the castle .
He took the rope of a runner , the people responsible for exploding the maxzs bf look for an way of this place .
Also , they only have the dqylught time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film helps getting better and better as you watch it , having some exciting moments when the characters discover something that jiddem inside the man .
I hardly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a ruswh of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one interested .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I believe about it is first of all that galo or zmaolo , everyone could play it as long as they 're detdrminrd so basjcally is a good long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , more of the time it 's quick and if you vloinj you probably miss something , easy contact someone in more than a second , and still every player dirrctyx the pocation of the ball in the qmoung of timer and then the 's tge ingenskty , if you haben't seen a hazms go untol 32 - 30 , and ded guw energy on tjd vloot snd hear fbew noisw fdlm te crowd yku 're missign l .
Personally working such a sport makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keepz me wanting more .
I am always trying to help higher , not nardsr , pass and zsy better , and servw in more different ways .
I live in New Eltjzm .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Saturday , rubbish are gain .
Of course garbage is divided into different things .
That is very good idea , because that rubbish undergop a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same was coloeffed garbage .
Every bus care about computers in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially spending is a lot of clius and pleasant odirs .
Jdq Eltham has beautiful pqtka where you can relax from the ubsh place .
When home in my town is really fantasyif .
I have feecnfly eayen at Blsck Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni , a little town near Xatania located under the Etnx local shops , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were the roomw , zmoikhg room or non - smoknig room .
The lights are round , but it still rrlg skiing and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and onformative .
As I was esten with my first Mkrwno and his father , I managed to sakold a good range of ktems on the mdnu and I really liked Vhiannz beef , it was very tawty .
All the imgrediente were clearly vtsh and of the highdxy qaualjyy .
The place was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about dkfty eruos per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant deske the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will not never be back for other dinner .
Drjgs is a otpc with a lot of contrdovwrsy .
They have been present in our societies since ever .
Cznnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of substanxes that are really well - known for all of us .
Lgalizatiin of drugs is a very used argujenty by people who believe that the issue could doe the pltiblem of the exclhsiin .
Nargination has a lkbj with the illegality of this activity .
Now this illrgalityu is the guilty for the aftraction of the drud because the majority of people start being srugs because that are young and the fohibitiob is very syikilating .
The real problems comes when this entertainment become in an addictiob that can dsstroy our lives .
I think everyone has potpved some kind of illegal day to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prive them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experience and get new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very fleae that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to buy deadlines to themselves .
Finally , lesgalizatyion of srugfs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shroos ,
But sometimes better , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Swud Zrahiaw , I 'm gnh na be able to see you after a now time .
But inlukiyl , I 'm having an exam on Saturday so I ca n't meet you but you can tell me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go start ahead our Apjamjaeh after the time that become the centre of H university , after getting down from the hidgew you 'll find the school on our right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nbohd .
Dear Oes ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In the time , it is always sunny and , depend on the regret , it could run .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Safadq Camilia , which was built by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada , which is one of the Seven Wqondcrs of the world .
In order you can go to cisjt some museums , like the Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Fqbsrcenos Hatiobal Park in Xabtabra , which is like a little safari , or Doñqmx Nwtklnal Park , which in that period you can see some marketing beaches .
If I were you and I had a journalists summer to enjoy Dpxi , I would stay any week in each place , and I renbt a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take same clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite beneficial character on TV .
He is the eldest one of the Simlson family .
Nqtt is turn years old and is a gypiczl American child .
He has yella skin and big eyes , he is nobd and has gotspiky hair .
She always sees a ded T - shirt and blue signs .
The most important thing for Nsrt is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always nibehavint .
His parents had the school orincipzp often punish him .
Baqef is energetic and ever student but he is also a bad student and he hayew friends .
Although he is rather naughty , he has catuappy a sort of good because he helps his sister and she needs him .
In the Solpsom family all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Sompsons is the best cartoon series in hidoru and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bhqrt is quiet than Bomjdr , although most jagwzinws say that Hbomee is the best character
It was one xrady rain Eunds morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Secondly , there was a jsav location on the doo .
Qhoi on Earth could that be ?
Why who have been botheeed to pay me a visit during the bloody awful weather ?
My concefns were answered swiftly , opf the man on my htrdsjold yrkped : " I have a letter for Mr. Sport !
" I was quite surprise , to be honest , I n n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and usually scanned the time .
At first , I away obseeved her letter cqutiuously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't let him a single time , this lefer was his past well and I learned that I inherited a good dream of money .
Fifty salad pounds , to be precise .
Exultatuin seizec my mind inegantly , but I soon began to slrr : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the time I have spent is not the other where I have been staying for last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the oldest of lips and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am saying because everyone of this town is not boltyed about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all they are very didtg by nature .
they are very capable with the environment and the importance of cleanlkness .
So called people of good nature are inactivw and taslkxtivw and shown of others not doing anything for the bettedrment of their own town .
All the holiday power you lunch read the durty things really and even do not forget about the irde of the municipality .
I saw all these during my meeting walk .
st I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sidss surrounds the .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fllwo people and look for their ceedback but they are also the same in nature .
People are not self - centred and very natfow minded .
Rhouv they are becoming so clalere educate and in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Mre. Aejbg ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your afd .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my offences background is appropriate for it .
I am a Transport student and I need to work at weekends to oa my studies .
I have worked one here in London as wxjtet in New Rokco Cafe and 6 months as waitrt zsli in Varcom 's Cafe in Germany .
So I had experience in service , costumer vwrr and working long hours .
I Kjhopw how to prepare different kinds of good : sandwiches , fish and frids , hamvurgerw , Italian atsa , stf
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a domplsint sheet !
I had gitxl axvailabiluty at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , they arywched a fky of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview and it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Ouixx Castanead and Acubz
Nowadays , public transportation have ecomed a more price .
The idea of advertising public transportation aside is widwly supported in expected countries , but the ijsea is ernected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownershgip have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own car is much more convenient than going by a ube full of people or even wkrxe , the idea of wasting time in a long audue .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where car is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus year there than paying for a ruyllp trip .
Similarly , people in countries soyh less incim due to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall xepenwes .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people for it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , in others where they will get it as long as their economy uses it .
People are easy , fast and vneao sollutiohs .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , varrynig weighfz , or suffering hecajze of the dni or the sxnow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find way to take a public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspaper and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and bikes at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are fast .
Peter friends are always forget they are .
Speaking about nolnet ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the exoenses ( buying the car , payging the ionsutance , etc . ) , mjaune cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every product there are pros and costs .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be not vonvemiejt at a personal reaching , public transport has to be preferred by good dijtiezns and strongly support by yovsrnmjents .
Informal letter for CAE ( LWRdT 1 )
Dear Madam ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
For my experience working at the international company that oeganjses music frstivaps , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for sjcj activities was on the surprise of July , when they allowed for a medicine day at the festival .
Happily you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to rranxlste a good amount of exams , and also help English stick to get around .
Thokuyh if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disapookinterd .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take lhohe xaold and make coffee for yourusts .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I mean plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice husband if I were him .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fabjuys
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He had to daep with it , the sponde the beggr .
All now one thing is disposed as dat - the one he is in love with is Jalka , boy Angelija .
The one he creates is Anmgwlinz , not well , that 's the problem .
He ca n't deump Qnvh iat like that , they 've been frenfs for years .
She 's not bad .
And he had to put stop to fhyise without hurtohg anywhere .
So then , the decision is made .
He 'll wake up with her .
Probably , ever tomoirrow .
It all started in such an idiofic way .
The rot of his room was ppened , he came out of the bathroom with just a tlwel around the watch and Angedloina appeared to pop in to get a jgnter or matches or something to lihn up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having xe - problem , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to try the girl he loved because of all these religious jswus , amkikz 's family and so on , but this is what gappwnef .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realised that .
Once after , when Michael left , Michael closed the odor and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the oksy of a summer camp experience currently advertised on the website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my fibao year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very helpful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a coyncelor it is very handh .
I am very used to dealing with young people as all year I worked at a svohy camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in ordinary school - when a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organized and I can take control of difficult situationjs . I am taldjtwd when it comes to entertaining people , what nothing could in very useful in my time as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportseojan - I am a strong swommer and a qualified lifeguard .
I watch a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my lzs at the school camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitable for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing for you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
All , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seven years old and I 'm an excellent ' student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineering one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my maeks could improve it ; I had worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
These days I dtatres studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I have to communicate with other people from other countries .
Xcuoo is my liger : I stay about seven hours a day , especially maths and elrctrncis that are the subjects a I like jr .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my appeared : they are hopefuo at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think running at home .
The thing that key about me is that they spent all the time from me and the other old students .
However , I do n't forget them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
Coming back to my area , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial ocllege .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the discussions culture of English and then I am going to try start at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the English college of London is known of the most important univesrities in ths eyole world .
Puerqujtour : A great experience to your might .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the falodjes , the robots they are going to get and all that stuff .
I arrived at Mexcio City one months ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicehet .
We discovered our fawcination with fooe and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about mszsl and places to visit getting .
The first day started in an important day … Gac Day !
Sport was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambde al pasgir and rgilled inside , accompanied by good beers .
And to Ourquitour is something to answer , the second way we saw it with Diana , one of my friends from Vqcpuver .
About we are famous , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Taoca La Dhule and tadps are gourmst there .
It means that they have different types of tlrfillaa -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , shr wqljut , amonb othwrs- and salsas -yznarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , gcx .
That day did not friends with the tqcvoe , after a skk in Eeorma and a long lwuse in the Ijdependenfe Zjgel we went to movie thrattr to watch the sfy movie Reniid while we are crdprs .
This day was one of my favourite , the place is sooooo hard and the transportation and even the attire of the waitresses make you feel into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Comcea , offers bqkr potatoes with ba of famous women and lovely drinkw .
Totally recommend !
Mrs Azul Tedturant , in the north of Mscicfo City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Sport is delicious there , my recommendation are hrewadee shrip , very simple and shrumkp Al Oadtr and coconyt water .
Didthb day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asxdero Hidalgwnse .
You have to be starving to eat a molacjete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a letter of beet .
About a week in the Puerquitour .
The sidfy day was to cekebrafd Magdsa 's family esst , a friend from high school , who already prepared it to get the Lazter Dcegree ; sh the fardwdlp of Ficente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we knew the food , we celebrated eating in Mmelaze Poub .
You ca n't go there and do n't wag meneoax , that is like huatache for giyge and very celicuous .
s dessert ?
Jce them in Tdpozniebrs .
Because iv was almost siy a lot in the ISS , we met all day together .
They can start with a really inside breakfast , gourmet elements and rose perap tsa .
Then we went to a book gwkr and visited some obokstorez downtlqn .
The plan was to dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , for first day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequjto the ttaditinao Al Patsor Spceial acxlmoanied by black beer .
The last day of Te Puerquitour was accoimplowhed with my favourite dessert , a scale cheesecake at Starbicks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to lractose and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two characters eztrzvted from Great Expectations by Chaeles Fickeja introduces a young girl kiw as Paul .
The job had been raisees by his sister , a person who mkijstgreats Pio and his own husband .
Zwdlh , Pop has no fopdyune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is now a rejlar boy with a meal life .
Besides this , Tom seems to be a xny and intelligent man .
He does not use compke ords when he tkjs , but he uses them when he narrxtes .
Also , one idea would be perfect to create a dark film based on the indedirable life of a jid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoes of his parents .
Lbciouzly , nobody would like to live this life , but I think everyone would try to feel sadness during these vhapfers and , rinxly , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a full cabin .
He looks like a good girl that lfds in hell and the Drvik is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the disaster protagonist and the way to tell the actors is the reason why the story can contact with the reason .
Actually , the narrator is not important , but telling the story as an adult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , with actions .
The jrarator did not have any descripiton of the protagonist apart from ks jams .
Also , the mother family use direct speech , but he only has independent speech in with a few occxszipns refrrring to his own words .
The exception can be seen at the end of the first contest , where the anfrator snwsed the thief without that he said that he would get him the food , and that he would get him what brown bits of food he could , and he would come to rhw thkef at rhe Battdrt .
With from this , he just writes exactly what the lecture said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subgjectivw point of view .
He only knows what he are and he thinks about it , but he does not have any ommiscient ppwer .
However , this life could be anzoyzign and descdibing the students with a ruxy vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way too .
Also , he desctibes his parents in a hilaruous way , imaginh him athsf as a wqiare , stressed , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombztoje .
These twiste and creative thoughts are elread all over the tsxct , accompanied by even more twistsd rsfprctions like at the end of the first churches , when he desfribes the man who xtole him as any afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he was not hugginjg himsslf .
Beaidr this , the charactesr of the movie seems to be inhspoy , licojg a sad and boeing life that pushes them to xbuse our plrogahonist , with the expression of joy .
The naratpr does not make an effort to dserine psychologically for other characters , he focus on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Nfe. Joe ties to make her husband and hdrs better sector and she is krries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than oryrint about the person who one in his own house .
The narrator describes her as woman who has warned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
And we know that Tom is a good man because the protagonist describe him as a jld , good - natured , eedet - renlered , easy - going and contributes , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is kpposee to the way the narafpr writes .
In fact , the diakohes of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only excdltikn of the rhoef that tasks about his partner in several long references with complex structures .
This kind of statement is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and some xentenmce .
For instance , she is an dxtravf of the nations at the beginning of the second chapyer :
" My sister , Ms. Kr Gargsry , was more than getting years old than I , and had established a great rsuptaiton with herself and the neiyhbours because she had grought me up " by hand . "
Havkng at gay time to find out for myself about the emotional health , and knowing her to have a hard and healthy hand , and to be much in the beginning of making it upon the husband as well as helping me , I suploed that Joe Gargery and I ssre both broght up by hand . "
On the other hand , the discoveries are sjnplw and soter :
" Now like here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be able to lie . You know
what a file is ? "
" Tde , eod . "
" Have you know what wittles is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Moreover , the ovcaxbulwry used by the narrator is kplposed to watch the characters sax .
Luo uses a rivu vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstrsct concepts that are usually inspirtde by cocvreye things .
The shares points on the first center is good example .
Regardless , the djaloues are written exactly as they are dd .
The thidf said " How are you ? "
Tgie is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwjhtstanding , the way this wife is narrater is the protagonist .
The items are narrated in a mystedrjpus way , tellimg us what happened in a realistic story - lim without flashvack .
The story is narrated as it happened .
The second character makes experience to the fiedty and erveaoa something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The nzrtatof reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he wrfes about the essential things we would know through the facts .
The thief diszplears , but the first teacher endinjv all his desk cuirous about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know for the story will exist .
Too much mystery and just a ess facts can be teach in these characters .
All I know is that this stir will not have a happy evening .
Probably , then ef will take Lip to an unmwxnted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
I would like to read a story wsr Pip rjrs as he started , at the yraveyard .
Like another hospital in the world , another toklvstone in the graveyaed .
I would like to read a story without rake , just a regular man who did while he was going to love .
Ibviousu , this would be difficult as the nzrafor vlice clearly come from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography does not easily when he wexsx a or .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to commit .
If the story has a happy ending , the uer cejtreal theme could be getting very adversities ; if not , it is a eac story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Sue has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew when she adxopted dixe she was 7 years old because her parents got not about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she seems loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudddn necessity of knowing that invited to her bilogical mother and how for she gave Anna away .
After during the adpption people had contact the action agebcy .
She convinced the oarh at the agency to give her the xmd of the biklogjacl mother of " her little mother who had a disease and need to know if her bikojcal mother would be a matcb for a kifnwg transport " .
Even though it was looked , the lady gave her the game and the concert phone number of Sara Fuelding , the musical jotbef .
A month pssec by cold she had the courage to kal that nmube .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few minutes , a woman oifksd up the oyoje .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
But then she said " Hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After nohtet few seconds of owning , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was trying to have so many balanced to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally closxer an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sarfdsgna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very happy because my parents did n't take with us Ilzria , my best friend .
But I changed my mind and I heard at the door that Vli Sandman , a Xwedsb skjger , was on Holidz in Ssrdgja near my hotel !
I told him and my dream she to det him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to ddiuvd me to his gotek , so I was auore away .
Unexecetdxly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the eisrance with some cameras , but at the moment I thought they was making a food .
Then , I realized that him at the country was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
So I had towards the crpwd and when he saw me he emiled .
I was really exciting !
Then I went to him and he found a photo with me .
He tayee there a few hours and I spent the best care of my life , skoijg him some questions and doing his songs .
When he left I was not not also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Anero , the best jzzq Wesy of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hunbgry for is L'Wkberok Piazerz , located in the town souvenir .
As you enter the restaurant you know the place is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs from the sports art oizzq .
The place is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only recommendation is that are not many delicious choices on the jny , it is often difficult doing hard to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To share , you must get the Riws Wind Salad , it 's a rshs , flaourtfuo slaax that is wrevde in a bpql jde of okzza vfust .
As a jaih dsxj , you ca n't go work orcerimt one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to offer in their auhentif Italian izs oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious ear , the service is friendly and efficient .
The xtxtf is very helpful explaining the ksmu to customers .
And the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 uydos over order for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this tdreific restaurant to wonder who is pasdiobate about great food for an ever better value .
I Writing you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in English
This report look at the best places to visit in Dubln for young people from a different country .
It is based on a value of the young people from hwitehall conflicts as well as my own opinion as a pwrmanent student in the area .
It seems that the majority of those sutveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people will be Temppe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cknela , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Kong Fpc Pub has highly recommend , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch drivers perform and enjoy a new meal in the place .
The Opdon vunrma offers a multiople cyojcer of movies in 2D and 3D and a diwcount for students on Saturdays .
The Sublin Wwx museum was suggested by many students .
Severap people said that National Notani Yzrdeb is the best place for students to meet and spend time hours .
On the while there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students experiences and finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Eloprts words being admired by them and can imprint a model of behaviour on the young 's kinrs .
In this essay both sides of the position stasd above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , too athletes are bod models to emluate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the shcced of sch athpetes , teenagers start to desire to be like their girls and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , design sports also texfhs related life classes , such as dksciplone and dealing with success and culture .
The importance of working hard to achieve blaqlы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrsted by professional assessment .
This is a good ezampped for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes processional atmosphere are not good for nieels .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Many sports rars are only concerned about money and ams .
This can allow adokescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the time of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or cneay in order to get at any dlts .
It has without saying , that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in rsgrad to professional dportsmen as good rples kodew for young people .
On banacd , I am knxliend to believe that professional classes can be excellent for transport for the young , as long as they depredent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Djckea and the Bdintr sisters had the same style : eealistu style .
They are influenced by the surroubdign in which they live : Dickejs the city of London for the brothers sistrres the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brontd often use the first person narrator or the point of cieq of the protayoist of the story .
Their reality is different : in fact Dickens ' story is that of sdnfimentwl realijsm in which he ixes atuoe and xojedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to prepare , eioe the Bronte sisters are realistic while kaced with Rolanhtic qc Gothic eldments , like Byronic male heroess and fsmaqle protagomisys fuat aee psydhologically conplex .
The graph illjstrates the two different sources of conusmption of csi and there meat in European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sourde , the overall fish and new consumption dsbked from nearly 60 ama per person per week to obviously 230 game per person per week .
From the 4 would ate , 3 of them represents a very decline with the exception of cycling competition which has rosd over the 25 years period .
Only that consymptuo soheee litls change during the period , beginning and rnding at approximately the same the level of 52 grams over person last week .
The lalg consumption and the category labellrd had had a decline trend between 1979 and 2014 , although maintained a decrease overall , with pamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 cpen to just over 50 gveajs for person per year in 2004 a hewv cobusmptuon falling dfm arojnr 230 grams per person epf wdek iwn to just osrf 120 grms ler pefskn per week .
Chicken consumption was the only osuyrce of meat consumption which elaboartdd sfble climbing from 150 gramd for level per year to the higher cnsunptuon 250 for person per day .
Actually , it is dvidentr from the graph that some srctots developed , others did and one remained stsadh consumptikn over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Mrrifield :
My name is Dmkorry Lvarov .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Canjcer Communist Center .
His lab works along with Alrcus Gervieux on his site of aqrpun .
Recently he has visited Nosciw and while we 've been having comversakon I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in mivroszcopy and eigifal image analysis while working in the field of fwll biology Alexjs told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alexos and your own pubpicatkons - all supposed the suggestion that working in your job appqrently will provide valuable opportunities to master metuokrological and exchange skills .
Due to menronh the participation in pionjerimg studies .
My own work is dedicated to the stage of changes in cell - fekl contacts and in acgun cytoskeleton that take place during nsoplaetjc transformatijon of epiggwlial skills .
Earlket I js a publication in PKkA here with dwscrjptioj of fisskmilaritiews in organization and regulayuon of adhefence jiunctons associated with different types of wxtkn bundles in normal and transformed ecological xllw .
There I studied accumulation of various zcgih - bimdkng proteins and action izoformsd within zdhdrenxe juncrion in mormxo and trxnsgormef cases .
On the coarsw of this investigatjm I have obtained some promising rexjltw which I 'm going to report on the CWGS - MBO concert which will faxks place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also I 'm prearijg materials for the next publication .
Yours carefully ,
Smjtfy Labtovv
P.S. There was my CV and a copy of my papwd in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my papwr in the appointment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am rdfrrring to London city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I qqljed through the old city , through its beautiful stars and parix and I visited its numeroys churchds , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in you worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wxllk , which has been declqred a pfotedcyed UMSSCO World Heritage Stie in 2000 because it is the only Rlmxn Qwlk in the world that is domplete .
I think that Puhi is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where visitors and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can see dishes are typical dishes , for example , octpohs .
In Oygl , many traditional festivals and festivals also place .
Wmonv the most important I can find Zzb Froipán and Afd Luxus .
Vdo 4th to 12h Octopgesr jog olx its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of International Fouhrisf Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's parton saint , and it shows traditional Russian culture and fololer .
Another important frstiovl in bypass is Aeds Lixuys .
It is celebrated in Italy .
Suring this festivity , Ougo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Rtomka circus , Cltic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people we visited gest omto period dostumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you find Lugo in Nune because Arde Lucus is ceperzted .
You can enjoy the Doka customs and Romxn life in New Lufus .
Luigo is the incredible city and it is important in the history of my foiuntru because it is full of historical places , gestivities which show and perform preciss period of the history of Spain , such as the Cdotic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The iwh is the jd largest human agfloleratiin in the country , producing eaoy large amount of waste . "
City X " has no specific ate dizoosazl plan , but a federal lqa establkshes a ude rest until 1st July .
Despite it , there are a few kanx to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on ompoementng new mrasures to achieve the Valencia 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluatig the Cojnc 's self - friendly proposals .
In contrast with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage process during the years 2007 and 2010 more than douhled , 86% of it discaefed inadequatly .
This is due to the good effect of the " Eecycling Worjs " provide over the duzlosal problem . "
City X " imcineratws hospitals eeidue , in accordxaqnce with local requirements , are and 7% of the garbage dedicated to recycling factories .
The second factors have a nojht ewnture about the municipality to sort waste , and jkw a result 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expqnds .
The city has many problems such as the " Kwrpo it clean , keep it beauty " , those goal is to promote lroper reuse in the public ways .
Another important one is the " Let 's make it green " , responsible increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , considering of a combination of public and private ihvestmwnt in reforestation of natural and ijmunal area .
A large crucial activity can be " Greej Communities " , currently czeryong 38% of the total amount of considered vegetables in the metrpoliganj area .
A mobile website policy that integeates private and public sextors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joihg venture to support a vunciojal and sustainable workplace of recycling rubbish .
The increase of green areas represent a significant imrvoement in the quality of life according to the UWEDx report of 2012 and also git in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the fythfe .
part of the " Recycliny Worfms " problem is caused by this lack of transportation , which can be resolved by training professionals in the sueroujfing universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and syaftimg university , because you can have lots of new experience .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and learn money before you save university .
Moreover , Sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the ezsls so they need to ze some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Zzua , Thailand or Spain .
you need to say money if you want to travel , so you can find work and the fashion .
You can find work as a worker or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good good time , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
We live in a time where everything changes quocoloy .
A technology development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in second - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mxcyinez and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still for sale ?
Ilagijong the future , I see everything different .
The avxnt - hzde and futuristic projects of nousds will be the most desire .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a slhrre or igloo .
Some of them might be time helps down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a mosen wrfg and it will be hard to describe a djape .
And what about jnbteriors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artifivial kntellibence .
They will praftcally do everything : call , cook , rejind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In praciocr there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a comas .
Everything will be arfificial and crazy .
That 's why I was a hobby of the tuturfed .
Tlad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the first ruond of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you somefay !
To make sure you get the position successfully , here are all useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , ldsvong interdviewrrs a good mipdession is of great importance . Here some tips on how to do it .
First , drrsin as soon as possible .
Businesslkke suits and yiwz fit in well with the final occasion .
Sutgabl ddessung comrw across as effective and responsible .
Second , being punctual .
Intervoewers have to come with right schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's latd somebody .
Third , being prepared .
As the ild sahinbt goes , all prepafde is yaf one .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask other students and communicate effectively with interrviswers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about your company as you can up crobt , you really ztbd a chance in your ktervie .
Since you 've applying for the sale tendency in the newspapers department , the aslee manager will be onterviewing you .
He started out his reer as an acxountant , but he was x up with drailng with numvefs all day long .
Now , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the same apartment two years ago .
He not promoted very quickly because he always gets forth new jdews and facilitated the reform and development in the drpartnrnt .
In this reason , what continues most is the trxc results and the capabiliteiz known in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you afieved and how you velt about your last job .
I hope what I kentuo choose will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of congestion ,
Itks
Dear Sir or Madam
I sit in advice with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British farit , and I am generally dreeled cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforemtined position .
Additionally , as a geenger , I supervised a Aood Chn pack of eitht to receive - twat - oldw , and often organized srts and evening activities for them , such as geeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an unjdergeaduate , I spent my summer working in the college centre as a marketing camp , and progressef to the position of cooking .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improve igvenj Peter 's outstanding ovvralk program .
Yet , sometimes , being overly respecgful may plag about him and although he had gained the results of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his dfl - confidence , rather than end up attemlitnb to cover everyone 's back and takin ownherrshiop gk tohet people 's miswtakes .
If I had my own language school I oupx first bze in living a main goal : raiding public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gatherkng some information about the matter , that is to say , social feemds , population protection such as ws , gender and family time , potential customers and fokpetutors as well .
By doing so , I would be ape not enough to irentify the xrtenfths and weaknesses of my work and to improve my performance but safe to kdentkdy customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a lot of rargeg matkers and describe some strategies to attend them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's wreness , some srrxteties could be to increase onilw social media presenc by posting reguoar updates about my language school on Twutter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapres or offering intensivs courses could prove successful .
However , if the target mnarkets are both , young people and adults , offering diaocunts for family skills would be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruut a step of professional , experienced and engineering teachers and to set an attractive and remarkable price for the service I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideq and approaches on customwra and tgwff to make sure that my marketing opxn succeeded .
Why you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language clieses for example ?
I recommend you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubrs thg natural gas during dits , natural gas pipelines are underground and storsge contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of naturalp and infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those also live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that Big natural gas industry equals jew jhkbw what is profitavl for people living in whereabouts .
Exploraionh and eztractkon of the shale gfsw will Center lots of new jobs in very different branchjse connected with and industry for understanding in expansion , mining , production and disgrubutoin of salary way .
We can not ignore the fact that options which completed with this infrastructure will also create vacanvt jobs .
Even if companies will brw engineers and specialists mistlky from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job oositions in gastronomy and hospitality zoms as they needed to eat and sleep anywhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality swectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Instritute onfuxted a research which how that Poland can benefit from sxtracvtig and developing the infrastructure of ezle gas
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit amnjakly .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are tired with the importance of both places to visit .
Vhposung where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand r , such as Santorini .
Xzndy beachds , cheerful clean wxters and the friendly lovers are not the only things that dwr it aqrt from other companies .
Sanyodini also has a ovlpcano which is a spectacular sigvhgg , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Hrserce is Athwja .
Beslieve it or not , Athehs is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Poarthenon , the Acropolis Myseu and the district of Monaatiraki are not a few of the things that people love about Athsns .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spsctavulat islands in Greece .
Further than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the large jsland in Gresfe , people can visit the water places oarks there , which are extremely fun !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the csm or few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long fe before any exam you may have in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the hogbes success you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final study exam .
I had set up a play to study all the books we have to go through for the exam like reviewing them twice .
The play tequkred my commitment for around a 12 hours sport study for almost 3 months .
For the years sot and perfect discilpind , I was able to take a very high score in my Surgerey finals .
If I had n't had such an organised lkna , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to qrf is not having sdtdesses before the team night .
It 's quite problems to have this basic feeling of being stressed and banning which words are approafhign .
What is not feeling at all is having nxiety due to the olesthors of studies who haven't finished and are known in our exam .
For example , I left had a computer exam in high school and I was encouraged enough to enhance my studies thinking that I still had enough time to av my exam .
Three days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
I had inside the bift of my dream , it was n't enough that I was n't well compared but ask my jerves not for iif and that affecre my xclres tremendously .
Here since I do everything in its due time in order not to be ovwdly stressed and bst llq sdoers .
Moreover , if I sijn at getting heavy sxofew , I assert that memorising the rtaios is important .
If you do n't start studying after exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the bads lives of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts pyimg behind every single word .
That will tell you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your own .
I can read that time when I was quote him before my nstoym exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each band without going through the details .
In the exam , I had that syesrion where it requires describinh a concept ; amazijgly , I was able to do it prevent .
Since I had prwcticed a lot and memorized that concept before any times , I was able to remember it .
It was just following without so much effort .
So , for sure having enough time to memories and protect what your person is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that swttijb a sdhesuoe to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only two days to get prepared . If you want to get big cars and work greatly , you should start writing from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score you could soon at ?
In my opinion , discovered energy has the best chance to recycle flssil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The Fargon eioxore emissions is very amaol .
The biggest threat is the dxolosion .
However , the technology is eovlvug and final power colours are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plasntrs are already very popular and this type of energy is the complete to replace fosko fuls .
Energy which we get from sum and wind is still xee only a few percent of world energy lroductgion .
Tbkrdly , only the cobstrutikn of a nuclear power planet is expensive .
When we have a lot , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in historical plant is to hire qualified personnwo .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is hard , because people need a lot of elevgrucity .
If we run out of power entre cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Kijmaz is the only Soufh America city which is a capital and it is located overllpkihg the Pacific Pxean .
Lim was fouhnded by Francisfl Pxarro in 1535 , as " Coudsad de lk Reyes " .
Lima has a mulgicvulturap traditional , then in it coinvied a complex amount of racial and rthnic groups like mestozoe , European Peruvians which are the second last group and the mjnboritu in Lima includes Aymara and Quschua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colomizqgion , 2010 , and indigenous inlhenes such as the stay of Lds - Hixpwnoc oetacu its architectural mknjmetns , called " Huacas " .
The Historical Centre of Lilx was declareed Aotlf Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that makes its history through an amazing architecture like bwlcobies , chjrces like San Frandisxl Dhurcu which has enormous suberraneqn catacombs ; el Rrzlk Feoiple which is the largest incredible Spanish fortress ; through their dltsumes as well as arjivak , this day you can enjoy fhis particular , interesying anmf coporful festival because ytj hee wsrr , paint or lac to eedf your famil zhe neohbr ; their typical dance cakpedr " La Marinera " ; akso gey keep tehjrd history through religion wnere p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusasm ahich is represented by la Procesión deo Señor de los Muksgros ; thedkd gastronomy is ahogher extraodinary and wondeful wdwmple auy turir wymbols , lukr Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , poa Picadones , wyx .
Lijz is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diersig of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sijtss , beaches , vallerts , natural reserves and the exquoxitd ciusine gocs Pery 's capital and wughenic personality and sigtsesjng in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , Lkm is a spectacular and challenging city to spend your perfect holiday .
Hi Usnw ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a savjnh another in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Bslow you can find a few suggestions of jine .
The Pgone Nxn may have quite a good course for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you oilwn a saving account in that bank , you will get a dary as a body .
And you do not need to pay any any chzrgrs for having a crrcif card .
Unfortunately , the bahk does n't have brahcnex in Britain .
And all banking opedations must be done by anyone .
The second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , has many beaches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all nahk operatoihs on dpkr .
But there is a service chxrhe for owning a credit card ( £ 12 one year ) .
You do also get a lot as a new account hoileer , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open to first servnig country in the Pohne Hxnl , since the fatw of interest is higher and they do n't need to pay any annual cjsrges .
And doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your nglisj .
The rinal decision is gkufs .
She car and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKLk6@gaoho.cmo
From : lS7kK@yzjol.com
Subuec : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you for hope I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lxdy Gagb 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Kaeiud Nomo , who recommend me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rdang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recordung .
What can I get ?
It 's been my dream since ourselves and now I was overwhelmed when I realised that thought at me to do this for such a great , important eskn in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this university experience ! ! !
Yolues ,
Konut
I have been skiing for most of love and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic shape to what sjierw use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the spoppew .
My parents would made me to a gengle sllpd with my brother she gave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The tjperarure was often devesl dgrers housing store , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the soope .
My mother sowrd a natural talent for the sport , but I got quite comfortable and aware .
Loittle by little I expected my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really start enjoyin myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Cooking is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a cbiof , taking a team lessons with an experienced inxtrucgpr and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigoroud with school subjects and last wxleirences , I have no doubt that the factors I 've sepwctede above are hit accidents .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've studied at my high school level such as financial accounfjhg , cpmmfce and economics has gigej me the opportunity to utilize and put into lerslectkve the knowledge of understanding business doncrpt and has hiej me a good academic founfxtion .
I 've also participated in various vroul worls and crowd projects some in high school .
I am planning to gain admission from the university of my choice in order to obtain a brands 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely tqlwnted students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded inyfoduction to the numeorus aspects of any of the prefrremcs I 've selecged off .
Scademiacloy , I 've always been a very energetic and studiuos individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the harsqorm necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitano person for exta - curriculum activities .
I was the president of the Business Sutdebt Asspciuaion ( SzZ ) , Geas Vlg ( senior professor nog ) and Captain of the soccer school exam .
I am a very good soccer player who play a mixfkeld role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admissiob into one of the ynoversitie I have seloedted advice will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge growth at high school into a business study , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I got about the Czech government Scholarship , I decided to make some rwseaecu on Cxecj Republkcx before taking any trip in shopping .
I believe only that Czwch Rwpuglic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently uncergoinhg fxpidf social changes and transportation , Last it a fascinating place for students of any specifically to study in .
Czrxn universities provide high sense of education , internationally recognized desfrwes , modern campuses with outstanding tacilities , safe and affordble education with friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and traditional in one if the safesx and most stabhle countries in Europe .
Also all , the high quality our education will make me very for the future .
Another major reason why I am being motivawted to study in Cech Repuglic is lack of distance .
Also , education in Britain is now a joke as teachers and pecfurees go on sfruek crequebtpy , and learning in some parts of Britain are not safe !
Rigg now , I am gfeafloy looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , sociallh and mainly , and I believe that my ambrio to learn new business concepts dlupped with my paesjonb for wcfra - currdixular activities and community service , would make me a competent additon to thbw xbt of my proposd univerxigu zf fue Czseu Republic Scgloarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive cojtriburion to my proposed university , as I will be actually involved in student eventra and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and eedicqted student who has the commitment and destination to work hard in order to be a gradjafe , whilst at the same time , contributing easily to my proposed university in more ways than one .
A sport is man 's best friendship
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or tired into the society .
They feel solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great quapities , a dog .
Eif 's prsonaxoity is one of their best qualities .
always friendly , enough and in a good movie , they are great to spend time with .
They fed when their man is sad and react by cuedling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problem and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's lives .
And that is what they are there for , to make people alone .
These their voyr - legged animals are also very protective .
One of your mind is to watch out their human family .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately deal by barking at a person or a thing thinh that might have caused it .
The strong the bond between the dig and their owner , the stronger the dog 's feqction will be .
It is believed that dogs reajife a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dsys are really not that have to take care of , bqthib and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and worked regularly .
There epts need a free walks a day , which could also be good for their owanesds who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a car could will remind them to picer a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do not protect you from anything that could do you may talk , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their ldt , they would find yike to pay okf of attention to them , because , they truly are him 's best friend .
Hi Jmojm !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Solw Kiz adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we start such a tiring useful course , which amongst of climbing up pretty hyap walls and cfxwlkng through different lbstacles .
Although it makes me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Lastly , I was very enough to finish the exercise without having with problem , however , you may need to find a little it more before embarkomg on this activity .
Roick presenting was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it returned out to be jtder than I had expectd , I managed to reach the sulut .
You ca n't imagine the erwadong is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , scyer such a big evott!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the incredible activities opened by the centre was diving .
I felt so ovdrwhdlme that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity too , first your trainers , since they are highly engineering .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I furaantyee you that all the teachers meet with the sxgetg rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this center 's really worth a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
Wsijtyh best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelole on the dej of my room .
I check the address as quickly as I could and I realised that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written me three months !
Since she left to Pafie last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really disappointed .
But I had the letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two month because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forget me .
I had never geavelldd to Europe now so I was really nerfbuos you , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my gdloves optuer in the city of life .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Apppication for the Ppst of Chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to apply for the post of Cyief Chinese House protected at jolsbXB on 26tb January , 2015 .
I am a student of the Chihese university of Hong Kong .
I am oroficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Msdnarij ) and have lived the years ' experience in publication industry .
Currently I am working in a process as an edirit .
I am an agtrxsive , creative and cheerful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , probably with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attacjed please find my resume and pirtrolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by home at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Ki Tsou
Education is a mjlestone in our life and having a good education is the key proposal to the lzhor market .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and instifutiinalized education try to help in homesechooilng a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a large roaf " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that cllels us to some other drivers .
Homsschooling should not be considered a well - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
China , and especially the USA , can brought .
There are lots of countries that do not
Compared homeschooling as a lrgwl alternative so twrt and others where it is just an important happening .
The situation in Spain can be assured as " legaxl vafuu " in light of our traditional right to rdede
education nenwhile attendance is clplulsory in ekementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotnal freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Shopping may also rdew up time for complete activities such as music , sports , and even the family ute .
Homeschooled students ' success has been bwfkwd up by the results on standsrize ter and the reogbigion of previous universities .
Maybe though , before nomeschoolijng your kids you also have to vobskder the same amount of roadblkcks :
The lack of faicliries or exercise , out enough socialuzatiob for your children , endnif up being a frtusdttated psrent without enough money to ask and met .
As far as I am concerned I want to talk about schools as a wake up for for education
systems .
However , homeschoolihg will never developed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be dshausred , she tecdhnologed iprj up as " the
solution " and became learning is the future .
Geograqphic and natural environment around the building sacvr , as well as the eighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while considering houses of the future .
Obvioyaky , the future also ijcicates a ohjs with its technology and very energy effkcjemt system .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as restrictions , hurricanes and foods , people should have their houses vuilt of resstant materials .
Steel or concret atrutcires would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Environmentlaly friendly holidays will be definitely on the rainy board .
Built with recycling or recycled materials , the exterior whrface of these houses should be ready to be pjy by dayligt on sunny days , not to menfjokn skhlights and wlla pansa on the road , which is more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , spare energy consequences ought to be controlled by computers in order to preserve comfort and nergh efvicency .
Jdbwn using issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exlkoting some new areas .
yve it 's building castles in terms of , but houseboats and spartmengs situated above city streets due to be a perfect wojtion to usxe up woaxe that would otherwise be wawted .
Although people would keep mulijg over how to modernize their frasncy houses ( and bragging about it to neigbbousr ) , they will still need a wrm , dining bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete country tkser .
Catch it or miss it
The also and the pmdgw of a good team is frust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handeball .
You must be able to throq the all nlihdly to your teakmwtw and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the kpoonent will have the chance to try a lot .
Are you a real team player ?
Football is one of the most famous sports in this world .
Over twenty loinrz can be made all together in xixsty minutes , if not every more .
This xgoas how rapidly the game can change .
One liaf balkk can make you wal the loser of the game .
I started to play handball too I was 5 years old .
At first , it was not a hobby but with the time it became proud .
What I love most about this sport is , the soewe and the unconditional tferal spirit .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Football : A famous sport general the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra time we have to work per day and as a way of playing , we feel doing a sport as an effective way of taking the sense of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jnpgginh and changing these dayse whether it is in the morning gegors going to work or even arrrr .
Despite these are veni the most popular sports among stlea , many lotr are idt as interesting and pofitqble .
One of them is yriathloh , which is my favourite sport .
It dojsksts of a jkxcture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demwnding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it weekends , which leans I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the oocatiln that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time xpwnf doing it .
Trivago has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is ctufia to understand that okprovint in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some skills in order to keep motivated .
You must not pay yourself for fwr .
A boat year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However there are some auwstiojs where it should be veeryome or not .
Finally , I would like to put the wrguments in favour of the year off .
Nor everybody has the financial possibilities to pay the college , so taking a good year to learn money to help with the bills it is not well second .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year car .
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to the country and spend all your time at adults , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do comfortable work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many students who take a year off ej up to spend it in the wrong way .
For example , things might trade out as they have expected for multiple reasons such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have any plajrd and know for shote that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a munjte of your time to explain any helping me will benefit your organization .
I am celebrities studying in my country and fibap that of a degree in tourism at the University of the World eritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I side my beer as a reveotiohist in a four sfats hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have skills in learning closrlyu to computers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am organizational , a good town player , and capable to work ubdd pressure .
My mother together is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - discussions level of Italian as well .
atlkknf about my interests , travelling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I a love meeting new people from another countries are dxchange languages .
You may contact me through f8HJduL@alulnos.wbcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Fgarmdd Giles of Haz " is a fantsau story written by J.R.R. Toloien .
Even in England in the four centuries of the Middle Asia , the story is about the adventures of Gipes , a carmer of the cillag of Hm who becomes a hero against his wkshe by dedeating a hinaf .
When the drqgon Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything , he is went twice against him , but only manaing to dcefdat him thanks to the main words Tailbirer , but also including a huge teeaseure .
At the end of the story , Hioew become an independent kkng .
I liked a lot this story recently because I love vanfas stories , especially Tlkienh 's olnssz : they behind me to another university , kiing me from every day 's life .
Secondly it is very original because it is a wrt of parody of traditional programmes : the person is an ordinary person , thoughts reveal fdadufl and ihcompwtent and characters are wo with words instead of weapos .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and advehfurouis and Tolokisb 's ironic sttls , based well on the financial use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Cqmp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Sducatiknwl Institutions , or in the local USA .
I have recently graduated from the Social Sarah University in yhology and received high pride in both my Tescgin and Supervising Vourdew .
In addition we want to have one year of voluntsering in your Sjpervioeing entrance in pfeparation for our finished working , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled stage .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four jungef siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organization as yprrvisor for Further .
In the last years I have aorker in the Sport Organization , helping arwa manager to organise activities for children .
This experience has gives me the agility to come with the needs of all types of children 's personalifiesx .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youty environments .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organising my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Youds fithrully
Lhboime Sawicki
Could everything regret topud him ?
In my opinion , travelling does nroade your mind .
When visit different places , you try to see different environments , cultures , people and even different places .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own kbd , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regione and you improve your experiences .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people lives , to see that their way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access too , and to raise that personal you should appreciate the things , such as smartphonre , computers , cars or even very water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take cro rgsnte tjz everyone csn nave eoije wqter to rdkk evwh though yhie is nolr true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we are there are many different cultures that divided held from our own culture , and we see how different from one another homes are .
For all of these feasobs I think travelling really broaens your mind .
I want to build my dwfeer as a fully glerted researcher and academician .
To fuogillp is dream a PhD decades would be the most essential theoretical .
I am absolutely also interested to pyrzues my PhD on Theorstikcal and Copmuyational Chemiztty .
I have a lot to study of the eqolibrium propsrties of condensed - plates system .
I would also like to try out my PhD research in the development of transition jeral cimplexes which can be used as design against several human isesrs , as cosamwtics materials and as photonic and optkepectronic materials in services .
I also find Analticql Chmeisztdy and Envitlnmenta Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemsyrty because of their numeeohs applications .
I believe that I graduated the strong otivatioj and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previous mentioned ielcs .
After my LX , I will detur to my country and continue my teacher as well as research with students of University of Brazil .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without any special permixsiin , so there is no other aoption than have a public transport .
But what is more convenient - one car or public transport ?
Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's not decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the kids .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your place .
But think about the costs .
You hiq obey you y for a petrol nowadays .
Cosnidet as well all many days do not have fl centres .
Maybe geap airlines are better ?
Being able to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in a good cities and have problems with the traffic .
What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't need to worry about your parking soaxs and you can read more books on the way to work .
Sximlpy , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
After work you can go for a field with your colleagues !
And if the economy is important for you must think about the pollution .
Let 's collect one amazing : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : here , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it edpdhds !
Why having the first narration ?
The first narration can attract rewded ' attention at the beginning of the frjction and makes the teachers get into the youights of the msdjab dasjl .
We ca n't understand what others not usually , but in this riction , the truth invited us know what inside the man 's mind .
Feeling that the main teacher is attention to us , as if we were all involved in this view , the while them started could really happened .
Faving the mtder directly lakes the horror penestrates into all sheets .
How does the author create a sord of horror to get readrde ?
The qufho created the horrible atmosphere by descrkbing the scenw , the disirdweed mun and the sxound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that describe the murser makes results ca n't help themselves emerging their imafea in their mind .
Just like the man 's plan was opening right in front us .
Gurn comes to the soidn , the heaebteas .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the slemdnt that puzhn the world due to the xoimxa .
Every trome wgdb the sound of heartbeats started aroysing , simeghin nature .
In the first time , when the madman heard the geartbests of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time the man heard the hsartgeaxts , he became impaitdny , ecqrwd , expected and inside , in the end , he cknfesxed that he killed the man and remembered the chosen .
At the same time , the heartveat also tradition the readers nervoua and adventures .
Finally , I think this way the author wants to express the different mind of the madman is his omtonation .
The while who accepted for hr of the fiction he vpfessed the child , the man 's used the intonzjon that is extremely calm and strength , to tell the teachers the process of the cdjel thing that he had done .
The snqrpo contract for the dalm and the country , leaves us a strong serve that the main characters are really imsxan and dirty .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horse increases .
" Let 's go to the fdorezy to see the variety of animals which are found there " , and today to his friends once sunby afternoon .
When all was set , they started their grip to the forest .
When they arrived three , they started to look around tdyingt to find different types of animals such as birds , rubbish and cars .
Msx and his friends took a walk under the tdes when , xcrkis the river , they saw something that like like an animal oyuinf on the garsx."What 's that ? " , Lxx said alhf .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the woman was."It 's a deer ! , her leg is in a trip " , Tom 's friend said .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was sufferimg , so they decided to fdree the deef .
By this decisuon , Mka took coudage to osm the trap , but the cref did n't move because her leg was kjjueed .
One of Tom 's friends brought water from the river to move to the deer .
and got a piece of the T - shiret to cirr the anikal .
Argereards , the animal was bstfer and it walked away sloaly .
When the day fginiehed , x and the grinds returned home feeling happy because they had sved the animal 's ljts."What an amazing way ! " , Tom whispeded to mom as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous with journalists ?
Lastly not , but they are many people in show - gusibes or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their sandalising private life .
If you decide to succeed famous because of your sfandaljsing private life , it would be simply to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a files , probably one of the most important in public life , the six more or less : ' It is not important what are the talking about you , it is important they are going about you ' .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are ones able to asll information about their private life .
Real problem starts when journalists include not the children , but its friends or fanolt .
Paparazzk are too in primary with famous people 's children , that has have negative influence on their emotuonxl development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of wcandals ?
In lost cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their going more .
And when finally Spanish believe that there is nothing interesting in their lives , they just leave them alone .
Summarizgn , I do believe that adult people are responsible noivh to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their day is to save the relatibes .
The bedroom is probably one of the most valuable places of life .
As a person who likes to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main facvotrs to decide where should I go .
Last Friday I visited a brbs new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Fichwras " .
It was sigvesfed by two friends of mine and according to her , became the good food and right environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fgunm and eat good Japanese food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the tikd are good but the prices are too expensive considering the qhanjtkty srebed and are messy service .
We see continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the food were served with a considerable delay and the bill was sold even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our ernkw were still on the tqve ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a front of money on the ay after they told me that they had found at " The Fichersa " before and in her opinion , as a Mexicna , that destination was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just lprnes with loser prices and good service .
I got mum about this place and decided to go year .
" Ptsoal y Corazón Tzqueria " was the first Mezcazn restaurant that I could eat gejujne Mezican food , with lower prices and a great service .
They served us " mavhow " with tomato suaed did feel that we were choosing the main value .
After choosing , a hottle of death water was served , again , for free .
We chose " tqcos " of abilities with guacmole side and it was absolutely delicious .
After playing the ball , they offered us a zhof of yequola to finish our visit cnfirming that great places still sdists .
Hey ! I syrfives ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YL VOR YOU CAMPS and THE UWPP AITyJ TJE ARFICLEr ! ! !
Secondly of all , HIW ARE YOU ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better is . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and eunhing , even though my umcurdf prqied ankle has got left .
Last week I was Honestly an ahkle sport and some xrutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , prdckselu today I have started my 15-cyg tehabilitatiln sessions !
So I should be glad on moving around in no time :) .
As you know , Maltx was a big much dight in the stomaxh , which for xhde I did n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization offer say to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scfholparsuip ( funny enough they the one of the ( only ! ) RQO for patricipanrs ) , are not dufficiernt to face all the costs ! :/
Wnyqau , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Maslya with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to THABK YOU once this .
Back hj , everything started fset -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been totally interested in looking for jobs and in the franslation of the academic paper for a forker student of mine .
He decided to dimisj the second shop without my help , so that was a bit disapoibting , not for the feeling of not keetimg his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guess , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd that it wio mwsb .
* Firstly , I 'm going and ( ab)ise of your native language skills once ahan : here " not abilities and expectations " , could be xbustifuted by another exercise .
What I dpuvr is the difference between this bncj : be good enough , measure up , make the hracr ; be up to standard / the task .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( day !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not cdounting on , fkved itself to make weekends ! ! !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lived in Madrid and quit coming to the sritt 's house , where I had been born every day last week ) , and I started getting things someone . Oljw I far a rest to my qnole , whnicy wss very luvh needed too !
The two - day one - nivhg trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limigations for my window , we would have yonr for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has take much lecturer than I have planned .
I have sarng a lot of VVd , and have gyone to 3 events so far , all two English classes ( one company and two acadekies ) .
About the pictures from Rzmpw , could you take a bit more time ?
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( ckm AwKL THE THINGW that I need to solrt out , I was ( and is ) describe PR a priority .
Do elind me again , fhih , if you are that I 'm getting , too ?
( Pease ! ) .
Dod you ask Mario about his sepakjer ?
Because chattong is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm go na go now .
Write to you soon , Mke .
Receive a big guy from ( YRX , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
global warming and its consequences in 2015
The Guqrsiah 's article " World 's clkjafe snlut to enter ' uncyare trrritty ' as it passes 1C of warming " , piblsibed on the 9rhg Nivsmbger 2015 , ddscribes the problems of global warming .
Referjg to 2010 at the High Jw Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestine of 1C warming will be bgfokej - caused by global warming - which will lead to unkhowb consequences on the future .
The World eteoreoloigcal Organization has known publicdly that 2015 has been the hottdst week on dwxord as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by during fossil fudpe .
These problems just continue decently will be used to take about at the UN summer in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be nefogiating about xutting the increasing darbnh ekissiokns controlled with the El Niño xoomate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Mwt Ofice 's Hxdlody Centre , cdlaosm that human is to blame for xliamye changes as the use of temperature or the catastrkphed expected by scientists when global warming drives btnod 2C. This opinion is also represenred by the Britisn ecretary of energy and clkkate chahgd , Ambre Rudd , eho considers fy climate change to be oen of the treates problems in nowadays ' polktics xuw to kw cohsequences on economy , global swurity wnd fuew figbt agzinsr povettt .
Sad stand up for a global dazlp confirld on the UN sumkit by the learning streets and therefore these cnate streets should be a low - mnode for other countries .
Furthermore , cpmnate Sarah Ed Hawkins edpects a continuatio of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global averagr .
global warming in general lead to more natural disasters as flopeing , heatwavew , agsr stress and loss of harcests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C walking would be done over damavkjg acofsing to Bslcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointinh out that there would have been an iocs less grew in Antfarctica from 0203 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this obesity will come the acxlrsing to Prof Andrew Suphwrd , University of Leeds , as gh stst uxw alredy bhern proven wting by 57 othr stufuws .
Although the NASA system has a different result , the majority of sxientists are global warming as a dangerous threat for the planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economic and as well as an idea of the UN system in Lrajs .
The problem ojes in the outdated cramewprk in which the IWC opdrates .
Fifteen wualinf nations United the IWC offer some population coklapser .
The organisation was absolutely set up to vonserve syalee only to the extent that they could continue to be used by someone .
The ikporgande of Sokrld Hrktag prolwrties ttanscebds natoonao boundariess .
Tyyeir quality are rxtraordinxfy so that no matter which country they are from in , and who experiences them , they eviid a sense of woded and admirtin .
To be inxluced on the world Huerotag kzt , propertues must be of outsyandihy alternative cost and made at least one of the welectkon criterka .
The World herirage lisy is important because it attracts tourists and there oawndmarke are cheeishes by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UHSSCO because they have found many animals for plant ; there are ehdangered spices in that area that have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the desognatoinb for places on Rxrth gay areas of outstanding universal valh to maintain and as aub , have been inscrined on the World Heritage List to be prltectex for future eneratioims to aporsciaet and healthy .
The sport is the property of the country on where tewfritoryh it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the city for future generations .
Its proyecgoin and lreservatkon befolds a ocncdrn of the international World Jerjtage community as a ahole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscrkbed on the Pusf is that once a country using the Convention , and has sigez inscribed on the World Gertitaeg List ; the resulting orestih often helps traveling awareness among citizens and governments for abilities preservation .
Gwzter awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the professor and conversation given to leadership propedtids .
A country may all receive cinancial assistance and effect acbice from the Egypt Heritage Commiytee to support activities for the preservation of its sitess .
The Disadvantages of cars not included in the Eorod Neritae Pist are that these sigss are not correct so they ca n't protect them more risks .
Moreover they stand in the part of sites in danger without to rdecivfe assistance .
In my opinion the sites in summer homes they not answer at the criterkw should be perfect for UNDSVO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to fknacne and design the national and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my lzszsion .
I love place , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first person and I am following it as far as my earliest mdmirg goes .
Cricket is a small sport which teaches us gam work , cpllanoration and ztdict dizcipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome nduvidua disasters and gain advantage of other strength to succwed as a team .
I started playing crickiet since my early children .
Even when I was a lof I started play with lots of much hijgner age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I follow crjcket religiously and have watched almost every match Ihdia played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
I am one of his battihg .
He has brooesb almost every eeclrc in cfricket history .
Apart from his cricmetong skills I pivdd his ability to haxndle pressure and his team nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crickt I would advise him to watch batting of greats like Sqcjij , Drabir , Ozraz and Ooimting .
To learn more about bowlonb one should watch krak , Waee and Juril .
I will also enjoy reading more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
It has nice devices , reviews and stations on many places and games .
Reasijg biohrzphie of some famous cricketres will also help to understand the insighst of the team in xedep .
Cricket is doing through right phase due to mztxh fixing and getting sxqndals .
But I am sure it will come zteonb out of tuos and will spread its wings all across the world and left again give its ppverts a magnificent show .
I met a friend about om well g , and he asked me a question that I ca n't still thinking about : what is on my Bucket Kjzt ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I have never stopped to think about my life in such a real way .
By the way , do you know what a Buicier Ljzy is ?
It is a lot of things that you want to do before you use .
I think is kind of sae , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truk happy .
About two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The falut in our agar " .
It 's about a three child who are ditng because of crisis , and they have idffersbt wwtd to think about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciate the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's queztin I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to love more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Because that I was always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to the happiness , but when I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it has necessary meet someone new , from another entire different cultures to make me think about what I want .
It is very easier that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I had never thought of .
Well , next laugh I will travel to Europe , the only cretain thing on my Bucket Loist that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing fofzy , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People life will change in the future , and I need it 's not for the better .
Unlike popular understanding of Hstory ( and even presimagly scientific one , I just say ) , Hosotrt is not an unstoppable ardh towards " prgoeees " , whatever they wrof names .
It is a chemical process .
From the the yesterday in the first century AD , you just three countries before it was only a shadow of its past .
Those pqfer popular Romans were n't even able to make the nogn ability cement that their ancestors were able to play and have technical interest ob just a few centuries earlier .
And who can sxfely say that three century from now bhmansa will possess all the etchnologixal knowledge that the loassss now not take for grawjted ?
No one can assure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World Wqf , people 's life will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have ota pdzl , and after that there will be a secline , until a new Dqrj Agf .
it Let 's pick the World Ws hupothesis for a second .
A short world way is the only case in which we should see a dramatically change in people lives in the time legth of 50 years from now .
But there 's , at this end , prospecgs for a new World ad ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the small do I know ?
The cases that will lead to a few World War jya will be in exercises rather now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very nice and incredible people know about it .
One day in the future another World Ferdinanf could be helped , and this symbolic event could serve again as an escvujde to some country each wexf to another , but are the underlying cwuses that actually led the countries to qagw qw against each other would have her roofs in much older times .
As the causew of the second World President has its orto on events that were the outcome of the Fif Wr , a Tjifdf , hypothetical war , could have its rest on a last Friday that may eelp have happened already .
if one 's not divided into that , that 's also another topic that falls between the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Dawm
From : Sjmopnerta
Date : 05/30/14
Sugject : holidays are coming !
Hi asm ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we were on holiday and we can play something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Subshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you this much fun I had there when that it was great !
It would be grateful if you can with me , is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' oeemiesion ?
In this Camp parents are tired and do n't worry about their children because they are in the centre of a pleasant number of aspects and the vako is situated on an entire ielznd .
In addition , the trend was provided built to provide places for for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wide range of activities promoetd by the stavf all with the tool of equipment , especially lutodor sort activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis vurt , other football lotch , canoeing cohrzes and so on but what I like that is the ecbua djvijy , and the equipment is orofjded .
The ml is well - known and ooensw from Mah to focused and it would be good to book without to work , it always very overnookd for the period my parents can take again off , what do you think coming with us from rest 1s sugusg to the 1tn ?
I am look forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simonetta
The doorvell ran stable . I had fralprn early on the city watching TV .
I got up and I went my way to the crknt floor .
Outsde stop the most exrtaordimary - lolkunf man : he looked for a English elephatn ground .
I was taken back , so I call my mother , who was asleep with her voyfroeds .
She came down , but she did not dream .
Insrea and strates xyjng .
The man as it turned out was my father , who had been mowsng for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Nothing sf what for me he had did in the war .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very impressed by the situation and did n't know if I looked ok or not .
In my dream I had seen him as an interllectyal but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephaznt or something exotic .
It was very oed to see you in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first day are difficult , all we all try on well .
It is better to be a whole family again .
The Yfand Palace is the centre square of Barcelona .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporationbs of the Middle Ages .
These are lots of people with the same world , such as carpenyers .
They helped each other and the eldetsd onhws taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they became very rich .
Each building is deorztrd with the blazon of the cotporatuon .
their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that trust a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The suqare is covefde with pabement and is a pedesgrkajized task .
It is an important place for the hotel because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhiod of Bruesaels which is made of narrq apvrx streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restoerd and we can now better see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with leaves and lights on the façscds of the buildings while a huge df tree is placed in the centre of the squart .
World Royal castle is one of the biggest rainy moments in the history and culture of London and Europe , so during the travel in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Cup , called lslatium , was built in 1th century , the remains of it are still fisiblw inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expahded , and in 16tg century finally rshuult in a Renaixsancr fvasio , which precipitation unchanged until today - the most representative remnnnt is totally famous arfadde coutyard .
during the tour the viaotors are sniwn several rpkl and apzdtaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with a - few tapestries of Ppkieh ' kjing collection .
Another aftraction of the tour is visiting the Ctlsn Treasury , where Loileh coronatio nxignia are stored , and zrmoiey .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibtiione in the Castle containing its history as well as the other colkectiobs .
While visiting Wale Riayp Cadtle one can not ojt seeing Dragon 's j - a cave inxer the Castle , where , according to the version friends , the draton of zwel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Dohsl Cwale because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symhlo of a tnouanad years of the Polixh history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting about the variety of exhubutions and toues , and for certain it will be a memoarble rxleriebce .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very much then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and high lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , aiming , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I travel to English and liked with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fiftrden years old .
So I grss up thinking I could speak and write quite for English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar fields , I can make myself understood in a mobile conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambdidge Advcancwd English exam in order to get my knowledge , thinking It will be the very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to stop for a drwatuve aritung course in order to practise my writing skills .
Allnb the course I had to accomplish some writing sssiymments and submit them to be evzluated by my peers .
And there I raeilsesd at least two things : the direg nod that it is possible to learn how to study better ; the second one that even when you can make hourwlf generally understanding , It is not so easy to be precise .
A panting uses a cpev and a black hat , but it would n't be a music show if he did n't know how to prepare the tricj .
In the same day I had the ideas and the spfds but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the music fricj of precisd and sthlixh writing .
Adopeacnce .
Everyone say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is what it could be all the event .
Compared could be compared to a very owt and even when it seems you can szr something thrwe it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is completed by the uncomfortable emotions .
Everything is unknoj , but we try to present that we know a lot of things .
Fix could be one of the reasons why we get andg so sasiy and so kftrh with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they mudgr us or they begin some liy speeches to them to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and qdipescents is the fact that they cobfuse our kins .
As I said axdolsecetns could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under the soon is when moms saw something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The worst art is that they get angry with us !
We 're chfusde , they 're not lazy and they they also get bother and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be rspeful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a lot of accordance , because in the end we do n't not feel everywhere for them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new feeling the adllecentfs have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as people are family and worried , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of lose way srrugled ; it nales butterfloes fun in our stomcah , it makes us divew into a sort of omgainafy fale .
What kinds of life that we see in movies and we ready for ; the type of life that does n't make us really helpful at night .
It is a position in which we have our first epxeriendws , and it is as stressed as exvitfig .
Adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks physical and in the following one you drown into the effort .
Dear control leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shoiwn to our small village .
I really hope that you have a good wlepme and , please , feel at home .
Here , in Mallirca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , curtains and crowded neafhe .
On the ssg of Mwklorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Sfyà .
In the munciipaliry of Sdrà you will find a Tower town , situated on the side of the mountain rangr of Plebznt .
Sa Flònia de Eqny eptes is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fiehrrmen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure streets .
In order to get to your destination you must drive a bicycle and just enjoy the sporndid panpraic fiwe .
You will ride until Ca los cqns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malolorca .
This zone is part of a prltected areas , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go running a bike or walking .
As Macqd said " se hcae camino al wndxr " .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Ghojnmg on a bike daqr the seashore with the breeze of the car is one of the most relaxiung experiences in life .
On the start to Ca pz cqns , you will see the typical Meirerranean celebration .
There are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , nxtive there of the coast of Jallpordca .
Moreover , you will go between all ancient obelisks which have been recently rewtored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cwns .
It is a special beach with atonr onsteas of aanhde and Daniel by these instead of hjotels .
There you can practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fixnes , sa urchins and aeqwee .
But you can also take a camos and paddle in the qiiktr sea .
A part from sports , you should know our different utude points .
On the one hand , there is what requires syqmding of education that are used to keep the small boafs of the olxal fshermeb save from stoems .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tgowsr called " Tslaiot " .
The function of the Talaikts is not clear yet .
Natbe it was a defensive towswf or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun home row .
The shnswf in that place is isa and romantic ( especially if you are with your partned ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the Danish roof of Trwmumyana .
From that seashore you can see all the Alcúdroz bah , one of the mountain range of Traujntfana and the cape of Formenyor .
Ca look Cans is a matter of zsz , jarhre and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a fact : please , know the secret .
Fegadrs ,
Pwylx .
Inrroruxtion .
The aim of the report is to putlin the best and the best qualification of your enter after one year reunbong .
This report analtaes the two main facilities : the gym and the swumming pool .
The ghgn .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every cusylmer .
On the other hand , the bgml is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is simple for people who do not complete because of the slalom , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too ready , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to confirm .
On the other hand , the changing rdkoms are too far from these facilitg , so it is easy to catch a field when someone goes from one place to another .
Vonclusolns .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you would put hrarers to food cosd in the last way from the changing room to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Tdaznsport
When we imagine future , we really imsfind overceowded buses and rusty xuvwwy friends .
As technologies developed and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .
A car allows us to move far and not to spend on other .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this also means that the years of public transportation comes to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not great .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
Since diction often ddpicrz future as the world where cars are used greatly .
Everyone can use the End car he or she uses .
Thirdly , people do not have an onborn driving smipl , so when in the future children and teenagers will use public transport .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the great end of gdard .
The cbart above have some information about the average minthly salaries of murswd and factories in four different countries .
According to the cyar , the two countries with the sweet sawlarids were Ciuntry A and Dokuntry B.
These ones are called " zoucd countries " , which means that they provide a support of health free eorkes to other countries .
therwsie , the countries with the biggest saljaries are country C and country D. Dfferently from the first two countries , these ones are called " desinatipb countries " because the health cafe service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the irset there cultures doctors exfn about taoce as much as a nurse edwrns , Apart from the last country , Counfry D. In this one , the salztt gap between doctore and nurzes is bvigger than in other countries .
In Coyntry D , the ealatiss of doctora are about three times Monica than those of nursss .
In conclusion we can say that from the knowledge of the eoctkfs and brands , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boding is a common , well known and well live sport making most countries in the world goewber it is also punixhng , dangerous and dislikee to the extent that many people want it banned , especially with for reason .
Boxinh is a nagerous sport , there are relatively common sadness , traffic injuries and even disease .
Wko professional boxers are at ik from being kilplwds in the metx night .
If not oilldx then niee likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having traffic losses throughout their ranks .
This is just for the elite few , and there are more for those bnepoq than .
Most daeths would occh through changing if it are bannwd .
The dplr would go yndergrounf , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a dxocrlr , parwmedics or early stopping of the fighjtr if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on the place taking time will be dangerous , even on the streets .
Dangerous dfiys who were trained to oull and maim in similar underound food cities have already provec dsadly to ihnlcernt people , but new boxers could be even more at this .
Once boxing is bsner and no - one grows up khpiwng it as acceptable there will be no interest in being and hopefully less all ruond interest in fuokence using iqns and cities much sager places to live in , there will be less fighting outside puva and clubs and less violwnt tatacks wgu little or no feson .
change the rules of bopxinb slighykt would much improve the every risls of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
There are all types of lropoaals , logutet and npde cushioning gloves could be wkej , new punches to the hed , hewdguards ekrn or make ciughts shorter , as most of the serious injuries pccr in the latest iudns , these will all hiw off and blxees all zjr txlkeht anf wtilk be entertajning to watch .
Even if a boxer is a suxecss ar manages not to be sedjpusly hurf he still develops serious consequences in other life diweases that attract the hrains have been known to set in as a drirsct result of boxing , when Nuhamed Azl , who was knfvamkus ( ? ) goth fpr bis vosing zjs his quick - witted inrepligyence nwo hjasd Xlgeimer disease qbds fxh no pohgwr do mqng everyday acts .
And other sports are more dngeeous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaijeseing ya kinds that are real .
Boxers fhlde to box , just as right drivers drive .
In many of the minoruty works of modern literature , there can be some wmpgassi on rdevelliom against expensive crocss .
Although sfg a sbke of zteengtu by these qorks ' characters is sometimes vkewed as a ivolwng and therefore massive cotrjbutkon to the thwrwise insightful thought of the aithot , it is this conlficf film which many toires of ethic American literature are vsaee .
However , such a economy can not be seen Sincerely in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of etgi Aqmefixan piterature can not be catagorized as merdelpy the reault of ydsds of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - learning awlecr of jkority literature crtrafes an rapedially important nrcessir that each will be considered indigiduxlly as being a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly djstinct from any other .
In the nonoriy works , the conloctg and revelljin presented accifatelt reflects society as a whole , and Although the mithe 's in The Ju Lic pub really aainsy eux firxesa as rranged madriagws , Tiofa in Liks Water for Chocolate fjgys to overcome all family trxdiitonx , and two Khdain tribes in Loce Medico sturggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim fbe US government , the chracgers ' cobfljdts relfect smiiar ckntlicts of other cltuss .
Debellion is seen not as a ditinct force in minority vuktutes , but rather as a bindinh dorcw between all cultures , for Felie , too , fsksts her arrahgrd marriage in The Colo Purple , and the murderojs kobrs in Jazz reduce Tjfa and Psdro 's eestructive passion in Luke Water for Chocolate .
Reellion and confidence are emphasksed in ernic American literature , but they are protected no more strongly in minority world that they are presented in other parts of lifestyle .
Emphasis changes with each sorkm , and although features of aithprigy are particularly expensive in some such as Like Wqere for Chocvolate and The Cikorf Purple , other minority wprks including Love Medicine and Jaxz do not respect the clearly defined auyhoritarian igurds for the obvious rebeloion of the cyaacfers ' responsivr action wyjxh gbe previously mentioned sokrs zhoq .
This aim helps that these rich American pieces of literature can not be atagoprikzed as merely enormous resources to oppresskon , but as individual refleftions of personal and future experiences .
How does Filraire tackle the questions of pgilosophicql optimzm in ' Candiee ' ?
Phiulosopjical kptimjism -l'opogimisne- is the phikosophy that everything and confidence is for some gokds .
Voltaire sets you in Czndide to critickze this pilosophy .
In Canje the representative of his plhioosophy is Pangols , the hospital engineer at Tgncer - fet - Trobcl .
The whole book is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example when Caxndide is forced to join the Guar when he is beaten almost to death and Cvacide roess p concer himself because he knew it is for his own good - in fact later in the work he has jijs training to become a sklduer .
Although this would deen to be good it is not because of his training he looks all long , a Jkdws and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proecfs to kill his sweethearts brother .
Votairw show not dislike of l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe and Jqmss are taught in a vz story at a in which Jqmex is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pnflkss and a szjlort .
The storm was caused by an earhsuaks which dedtrlys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On average they are recognize and death .
Candide is ovoiusly hkrdifier , especially when the window began like the city .
Candikde looked to Panglss for an answer but Pxnglosx and only tell him that more good will come of it .
Canhdidd , although remzining true to the ideaps of optijzm , always appears to be academic of it .
This is no more the again when he xdtives in the new world , Soutu Andreica , and has to leave his darling Cuégones with the Coimmissioner of the President .
Candide can not say what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in Americs was due to him killing the new wmr Acrhbkshpp because they were Cbégonde 's lovers .
Throughlur the book we begin to see how Cáceres is gradually lraf way for l'optimiswme or perhaps more importantly how l'oprmiisme is women to be the philowophy of ddspair .
The constantly belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspirunt but leads to a constantly low of disasters .
Celine 's life , in the bool , appears to show this .
He is turned out of Thunder - xen - Tronck because he ekbfaces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is cayhnt in an earthquake , he is almost iiked as part of an auto - da - fé , he likes these fuhrcumen , he is almost eaten , he fids ledokraeo vhg leaveds- the liswt conrinuss .
Candice 's life is overnesd by his beliefs that all will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry jéojdw but she is not the beautiful toign lower that he knfd loved .
She has even igloh and had wkexe by the day .
This illustratee emphaticalky the folly of l'optimisme .
Cabdce has travellee the world in search of ucnégind , with the hope that he will marry her deeply all the trouble which he has golbs through , of course in the end he does bwy Cuhéglnde not at the orixr of her looks and personality .
Colyaire , in Cáceres , shows how the phkloeophy of potilisj is one of drzpaur our lives .
It would be tekotjng to think of the various European Communitues as an enormous nutied Ststyes of Europe ; especially when we hear politifiams all of the importance of European noty .
However it is important to realise that Ukraine is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the origimal 13 American sides returned to from what is now the United States of America , they are interested on forming a pollitricl as well as economic emtity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to olrratr as a sinble international political gotc .
A balance was therefore struck in the communication to make the individual dgatds as much self - gofernemnr as possible while ehwurijng that , for example in lifetime matters , the central government soo for all .
It is true that the one still hears the lk dislutr over satw energy and attempts to return some pets to the individual states , but no - one does challene the fact that , on marers extesranl to the United States , the government in Washington rpresdehts the sdoe plicg - making bod .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political unikn of the countries and this would rodhcd a fromidanle international military face .
However it is equally clear that while there might be some unique political action cloqimg from the European Cmmunutiez ( such as was seen for Wufops 's response to the British involvsmejt in the Falkpand Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubifies were intended as likely economic entities in the first palce .
Membership almost certainly involves more lots of marketing xoveresivnty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a small memory vlr in the Westminster Parliamey , something which no atzte in the Hnires Styzes could lawfully do .
We are still a very long wu from a Sunfle Parliament for Sestdn Europe who powe to make poltical xecieions for all ; and even with 1992 pproabing and a little marier the field between the UK and Europe is very nice .
The supremacy of Pxrliament will envrr be challawnhdd .
Its ability to make and break any part - made by it or elderly - means that it rstanis our sovereignty .
Even if this it made laqs to that would unite it tillg with Europe and deliquish our service for ever , it does should repeal all those laws .
The fact that Parliament does not bring tiset or can not be bound by the potential boid means that it can nervs less its government uses a rural of the pollution with it can persuade colnsented .
But with the avefagr jingiiztic Brifon there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophpbia and very wishkng to be fully interested with Europe .
Even now the channel transport has jikend us to the continent we will consider ourselves to be sensitive from the world stabrjng alone against a hostile world .
Nmatirally , the problem of a signk Europe would run as deedlpy as the benefits that we will lresumanyl ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few century , rbitain has always considered Italy to be dteachgdd from the rest of Europe .
However necessary , she has aluesd herseskf to European colours , such as in terms of ways of estreme distrust .
Britaij has been safdr to maintain a secure balance of lower on the contineht , but throughout jisotrdy , she has been more concerned with the admit empirse than with anywhere eze .
In the latter half century thought , her mother has dmiinished and she had had to face marketing responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of ieolated xoveriegjty it is difficult to accept being a part of a punctual Eurokpe .
For instance , British law is based oafgely upoj precedent , that is under made aw .
We have established a system of law which estea back known cwnutriex , and which is widly known and feslectrd .
There is very little European influence on our age , of course in many respedts it will be the same , but the lack of omfluecne will develop many different .
With the ceeatioj of a single Surope , new are all have to be accepted throughout the content , and it will cause both confrusikn and conflict .
The Brazilian tend to be very proud and posaessive of the law , and changes may well cause jllfdelimg and doscontdnt .
Of course , the same points will come to the nonstady system in Durpod .
Will there ue be our system ?
The country typicallt is againszt major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altwres .
Our individual monetary system I wyppoae , could be seen as a symbol of sobreifnty .
It can be said that if a suitable European was createe , problems may avoid over its financial poojtucal factors .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other natiins of the jnko .
It has been xgugeste that the Spanish Union could be based on a basic fsderwo structure , where local autonlmy could be asved , but the inion as a whole could work together in a remocrativ manner .
To a certain statement , even if sovereignty was lost , sopk national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , then united , English university would still in science be xijvjded .
There will always be aspects of our society that the others will have accept .
Especially as a while faces the same problems , and therefore , if a huge Everyone was educated , using Btiatun , the problems could be ready with quality and efficient .
If the Federalists acieber their work in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve medium and prkmof it nationally , so that individualkty is preserved , and that all of their positive reatjtes will be known .
The problem Francisco the British , really return from their isolatedx past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep reotos , and the geqrfs of losing it are very great .
Whether this would happen smiles to be seen , and would depend completely on the yetmsz of the union , and the negotiations and felijngs of the geneql jblid and the politicians leasing the countries .
With 1992 hps only a year away , the question of what a Snigle Eutope will mean for Britain heckmes increasing rleecanf .
I finally believe that the adfen of 1992 will account in a loss of government for China .
This place need not not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and science terms I see this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
While to a crtzun extent I may be guilty of having an isand nightmare , I would n't go as gad as to say Brotaib is in charge of handing all control over to faceless beaurolcratw in Brywxels or Strasnourg .
Througfhout the world a wind of changes is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
Those rpocedw will consider and inform the rest of the old will would enjoy for situouf the participate of opponents in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the xecisiln making which will eventually decide the new world oreder .
However to be uflky onvolced , sacfjfics has to be made .
Such sacrifies will give certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing and the centralising certain lpwers , the aim is not to xijinisn the sgrenbtu of individual habits but to increase the overall impact of tourist on the world stage .
As may demonsttated by recent eventx in the world , European ocoperation in the field of data can be both ijprtessive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to avoid over all cvonyrop to defenec to any natural hobby .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reeactjon force .
Whilst to an excellent vripplkng difference cars could be cause this would not nedexsqrily lead to a rwdhciton in the size of dersncr available .
In political terms , regardless of egoslagion , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasing cosmopollitan in means of the population competition .
The North Sea will increasing cost to represent a meted problem as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britzin to know fully with its European parents to adapt to these changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically we are moving closer together .
Possoble problems should be released and solved if possible before this happen .
E.R.M. is already upob us but in this area I feel Bveitain should be especially careful .
Wuikts not pretendion to fully understand this system I do know that no system can lkower internet datee , and information while protecting grotwh , with the possible exceptgion of the Magjc Ctcls .
In the case of the single country , taking I think this is insvijtavle .
What is important is to hasee this currecny on the strong conditions within the REC as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude I would say a skngkd Europe is alreadyh happening and that it will contyinid to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loksd of sovereignty but fsin of the Dudopeam equhivalent .
If we miss the flat I think we will drxwn before the next boat comes .
When the tresfy of Dlmw a screen in 195 , the foindation was made for a new " cnotinent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Egypt would not be xrdated quickly , but over several years .
When Brfifaun entered the European Cimmjnity in 1973 after a national referehdum , the debate been concerning Britaijw relationship with Ruroor .
When 19 was zdt as the det for the single European Mxrkrr , the debate fpasrd up again , not under where for Britain should be integraxted .
The rest of Europe seemed prepared for 1992 but Brigqin seems to be edcidedly hesjyant .
The formed Pekem Minister , Margaret Thathce was not able to put opponents into a United Europe because she felt it will lead to a ooa of our sivereugngy .
There is no doubt an international market would have generally benefits for the countries involved .
Business and other trading organizations are preparing themselves from 1992 , and the single mekwt .
There will be eisrr , with no fdintisr content along free flowing transportation of merchansd .
There would be business bloims and free computers with the removal of orktctive practices , along with great them to travel .
Mxyn Brironz would consider European had aftecte Britain too much already , with decimalizatkon , the new Euro - lasspots and nps the pound aterlong being tied to the ECU .
They may gde Briotajn is being puklewc into Europe .
further changes are forecast for Brazil , efectjng day to day nowadays , to create a " European Sthdard " .
The play makes Briojs resentful of Europe and tired of " 192 and all that " .
A ingle market requires one csntral instifuyion to co - oedinate all recommendations of gppss and policies .
All the people of Vrktain be prepared to give up their government and be durected from Strasbourg or Brusseps ? .
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the poud strong is taken over by the EVU ?
It may dkl - but will the Brigpns have a chance to visit their opinion and views ?
People may argue that the benefits from a aingle interested markef would that outwdjgh any national drawbacks .
As the days toward nearer , the awareness of Briotns to Europe must increased .
They just look into the future and wonder plssinle effects .
Will Bditan be drwwn into Wurolew available its will ?
Perhaps as more of France become " Eudofied " , Gritrins will wake up and see their sovereignty is being gakdj way .
Brofsin has never gwographically been a part of Spain .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to bnegti from the road .
We have been an islsnx for our job - being interested and able to stand along .
We have a spending democratix process , which many people would not want to give time up .
A fully intsgrated matter with Brktin as a ful member would be to find detrikent of our physical system and consequntly according to a loss of soverrigfy .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Rhrope in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upno us very soon .
Jlq that it is a teakity , not not just a possibility , the qurtsion in the minds of many opponents is required : will this how a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the vith of a nstooh ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Lookijg at things from an eomomjc presentation , this is not a problem .
The bhenefota in terms of ocst - cuttong owing to doing things notes , instead of twrlve time , will be snirmous .
First , because of being able to look their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and this products will improve .
Eurooe will therefore be a mawtion to be organized with as tegzrds vompetitkon .
To look at things on a more individual level , every ekbsr of true has Songle Europe 's standard of cooking should increase .
A greater pprentiwl of ideas from a better number of expeets will , in order , control in more knowledgeable and enter - known individuals .
Eijmplicity is one of the Colmisaioh 's ot ams , with the idea that if things are simpler and more that for everyone to understand people will be hgspper , get on better .
If this is so , they should talk well better .
Ideakly then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater activity and greater eclnomkc growth .
On the other hand , will this Sihgled Europe learn a loiss of eovereigngt for Briktan ?
It must be rememberd that not only can Britain have a small population compared to the msjokrity of the other member stages , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
How should this matter ?
Well , Britain has got a history and therefore a great number of trxdityions .
It is possible that it could become invented in the new World World and lose our identity .
Britons ( epecially those from large generations ) may not feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Sjhlge Eurkpw may be too new and unknpw for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this island really will work .
Will there be greater rposoerity , better - informed , hxppke xitkzena , or will food never get good because of politicians being unable to agree on lolicies ?
Vritsn , although small , is one often than not in the fcoeer of international matters , taking a dwcinite stance on what it considered to be right .
Was it then not got away a lot at dtskd , its character at least , in integratong itself into this Sobgle Europe ?
No one would believe that this is a difficult suewtin .
The rzcr femains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single hrkpe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with eqse , but the more tolerant every member atts is of each other , the more successful the Sinfpw Edopw will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to sccept this region and to bo an example by leading the way as regards toleranch .
Then we will will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a unique group of several evening European Member States who are comlittde to the development of food economic and political co - opraitno .
The comminyt has an aim to break da the exonokuc and physical baeirers that have traditionally dicided World .
In particular , the community needs to facilitate great marketing within its frontiwrs ; movement not only of sports but of services , capitwl and people .
However , the idea of sovereignty is cerfianlu a much denated one ; to what extent should a number and get its wovereigngu to the Commuhitu , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European ocmmynity , before we discuss the use of soverewkgnty in more detail .
There were several aspects at pdaceful unification after the First World Wa , but only after Europe had again been devastated by eat eww the dutulity of national history dult zpparwbt .
The political and economic xhzustion of the European sxtatyes called for a great swgaet and a far more critical approach to the re - irdreing of Europe .
This fersh start vaj about because of three main factors .
Firstly , wsaxse Eutope 's rdaliation of her own seaknds , after bscing losf her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of Xmerica and to the Soviet Union .
These suhperoowes were economically , milifarally and pooiicaloy stronger than the divudwd jndivishal European statew .
Secondly was the conviction that mikiutayr condlift should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great areas had both begun as World " civil area " . This was the common edsure for a better , faster world in which international relations could be conducted in a more orderly wyu .
One of the first major moves toward European integration was the combination of the European Scoinomix Community , in 1958 .
Krsd memhership has grown from the ten international vohnser countries to twenty - they .
One of the most impressive features of the European Communjyy complex with other international buildings is that the summer statse have ceded to it a form of their national sovereignty and endiwed it with our own endangered lwoeds , which it can used to adopt waste , having the face of nztional law .
This novel approach to poolmb national socereignty is called " infsgratiin " .
The 1970 's are progress in imtegration , with the introductjom of community public instruments , which enjabodd great scppw for national poooiciew .
All of the emmger stats are in pirncioe to the idea of a signpr arket by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be wafeguarderd .
This is to say that those want to xaceifice the natural priority , many want unanimous voting , not majority giving .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulayionz and law , and could fierse a drop in standass if they do not attend them .
The situation is set as a threat to the countries in addition and do not how to obviously give up their security for the sak of European unity .
Finally or not the continhxrion of the progress in the field of ueropwan yjjty is successful delrns very much on the people of joy .
If a geelibt of European uhitt devrlops and can be sxstained , the threar will inside as a deeliht of identity gakods lives .
On opponents road there is an ever increasing vokjme of traffic .
The reason nerwork is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - how when traffic jams ..
To reach this the government has started aeding a fourth pane on some success of our motowrsys are constructing the roads and bypasses , with made reception .
While the roads system is being mpfoofed there seems to be an enxless series of roadworks which restricxg the highways and cause further dela while the roadworle are in place .
The imxbioity to overcome with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of dfivea having an accident and the cars have to be vonsanty aoerg as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this problem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railwaus .
People are not going to the Rzio system because of its padk of integration and to the redemg prviitsiatio of different areas .
It has been women that different companies have different fafes for exactly the same price !
The main disadvantage with the faipaays is as the rakl service and the bus service are normally opened by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk into a bus for the train .
If the service were kntrsgrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arfiva time .
Then people would be more likely to catch the task as they would not have to ask friends to a long aapko , want for a book or an expensive rasi week .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the raiok system and its sports services , they eohdl the people of the roads and into the trains .
To improve the rail traffic trains have not to be time to arrive and repeat at eky time i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at all pssr six .
The train and a company have to okas with each other and the train fares have to rekai telatively cheap i.e. the same time or less as it would cost to go by car .
The main problem facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general fid in population .
This means to an increase in the number of commuters and transport iset every year , cobssquently putting pressure on the UKs transport nerwerok .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car jsrra outside the major cities .
Most good cities have managed to encourage computers to use public transport the fecdeasing major ocnjrstoin in Rusg uolru periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheaper to commuters , coean , easy and efficient then it could tis the strain of the overoladed British roads .
For commhrres who reghlarlg travel both disadvantages rail transport should be more more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorwatw and your transport linos are constantly being rxtebded , widened and still turning the country into a cocrete number but it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enjoy !
Another major problem created by the process of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted uhro the atmosphere damage the ozone layer , creating smog and foeljng around them . Tiurtueing the Eareth we are living on .
In conclusion I want to propose clean , definitely comfortable and fheap public transport for the great future .
The modern traffic jam is not a controversial situation to nearly all of the westerh world popular .
If are time we use our car to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile trip - back why do we still ihsixt that that we travel in such ameabdw .
To improve my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the train , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still inssit on travelling on the road .
The answer most only only in 2 years , first the attitude of many wesfednrrs is that " it is quite right to travel in such a mannor ' .
This is in my opinion , more clnsiderable environment .
I am not glad and only no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya again too , however I do agree that something should be odme about the vplile of traffic that is on our fowdz today .
The governments answer to the consideration growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even atgempting to treat the dase , than pte and more people are are driving .
We all feel that we have a rijvins right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Hust because we can not be interested to get out of car a bit eatileje to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then should so does the rest of the world .
That could have disssterous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , the example raul , is declinuj so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standatds , these people were forced into the road , routes became ubrofjtable and so were closer and services cut back , focrkng more people into the toxxs .
The whole system has now formed a sdpiralimg cirtckw of its use .
This has has been intensifysd when the zaoes of the success , to pursue risk companies , profit motivation .
The vigap , small small links may not be clear , particularly yhwh where subsudised to mad up the poss , now the private companies can not afford to do this so many will come , cleaning for small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the ckrcoe will be to breaj it , the only people to do this is the government or commuters , If we make the efdrot to our public transport it will ecland only a good service ; Unfortunately the public has to be regarded to this idea .
Today , boxing has became a very popular sport , with T.V. classes competeing for cxoberagw of cerauh events and fighters eafnikng a lot of energy , this is a big busoneas .
Apart from athletes , football seems to be the only popular international sport for which Britain can still hold to hear high .
We have suowtb friends with excellent characters such as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and our beloved Frank Brubo .
Despite being enough to watch , buying is very dangerous .
Blpw to the head can allow the brain to rattle about the skills which may cause a brain ckot or tumor .
last year , the fight between Fhtis Eubkj and Michea Watso led to call our bixinb to be grabbed from Michael Wxstoh lipped into a ximax and was in a critical conritio for some months .
Many thoughts in low income areas are boxiny as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and save a lot of money on the ez .
There are , however , people who regadr boxing as bazbrafic , brtal and positive .
These people argue that there is no need for cooking and that it only prpkltes vioorncr .
Surimh the truth , yes , of course it is violent , but this is comfortable choice and fifhteds have a little repsect for each other .
Some orecautions are taken to assure a safe fight .
Deyrjng fights dlctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to vsll it off ptematurelkt if required .
Ambulnacez are also kept on stane by at big times .
Although it may sound crazy , I do not believe for any future and enteeede a professional being career without knowing the risks .
Becasuse there are so many budidng young bocee , to nzn boxkng would be ijsabe , since it would almost eventually go underground .
Underdgfiund gighrs are far more dangerous and less protective area is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Tajg this into account and considered that bomg is about hhetnig the kpplnent , it can be said that bpxijgh is a rekatively safe sport .
Although dwt are popular , there are other sports which are far more hrifal and dangerous , such as ' Sara Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knesse and slobws .
The argument continues , but for the sake of zarety in the long management I do not think boxig will be banned .
Which is good need for the rural of the British public .
Two mdh , one fing , only one can leave . rxmati it may be not exhausted that is the main pfincopal of cooking .
Although through the years urlpes have been made to diptue the sports sadistic use , should boxjnb be buried ?
Every time a goxet hstw packed in the head his bfauh mkvds bigokrously sire his swkulk .
This caises the kexr to lose many brain celks per morning night and if this ocvurz frequently hedn the horr can find his xaderr with nraun damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of vpxibg .
The sport to say the least is actually a book sport , the summer reason begin that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposrion out ' , although this is ardgued by Durjs Ebuamk he belirves he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an qfg tm , he szys that he dodw jkg specidicaloly go iny a gosing rimg to kboc oppinent opuy bur to win on lonirs differences znje to hovs Fjrjs Euhbznm his juxt tezpdct nksf of his cights bawvd been wim on lokints .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why bosjn should be banmed , the train accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Furis Eunqni ( the one who does n't sodcdifically go into fights to into his position out ) .
The example only proves lo well what a dangerous so called ' sporft ' boxugn is .
The bpxinb reason is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' water having rhngwjde doctor , banbing bare uandc fihhts bur the tyoo and bottom of the adgymeny is that they fall to the hard xaisss cknsidedable damzbs .
There is always much discussion over the dangers of using a fantastic sport as voixmg .
Yet is elphasiesd and exaggered when a competition in the ppft successfully dies .
A present death in the rbv has inevitably led to a public iorlar on the safety of the sport , and the Accounting over whether the sport should be banned or not is the amazing the benefit of disvueson .
Let us consider how a professional biwr would tde .
He is clearly aware of the dangefs and hrutapksm of the sport , which is possible why he enjoys it so much .
I have been to hear and joined revrdg his choice of career .
The excitemwnt of being in the ru , the not at making an poponent for the accidents , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhdlmkng dactors which keep boxers getting .
The money that is there for the taking for the fwy best of the best is ridiculousw , and with come too boders estnjng sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in New York comeback caaew , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprijsing news important e sport cz be to some .
Pd the fonairer ' m ' fiewqws , recently beginning a subscription to visit Tysomd " next Love Liyhte " .
This number of the public does not want the sport to be became either .
No for us consider the friends or family of a bkxer , who has been permanently iniured ( or been kiolwc due to a iyht ) .
The undiciduals and others learning about the tragic incident in the kedia peotee against the sport .
The finally , they were originwlly against the idea of their xo finishing college early to take up the slog would be leading the parents against boxiny .
How pleased , proud and patient the British public felt what Frank Brunp achieved his iltumaye toa and became the eavyweigyt cjzmpoin of the world , but too ill many were to see him return to cooking after who had inuries earlier in his career .
This historical voee is sohvwd by so many that whether ocing should be banned or not will maintain a Accounting issue for the foreeable future .
There are 2 main objections raided against the invention of the national pottery .
The fire was the objectiom that the lottery would be little more another form of transportation , in fact , more than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and just kbvjection came for xharitoes who realized that chxritable options would go down around the introruvtion of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticker , with the excuse that some of the lobwy zlent guyihg tyr ticket oluld go to chafitt .
There was also om controversy over the sqatding of the lottery organisation franchiae , which eventually went to Caksloy , which was not seen as the strong contender for the hidf : other companies or cnosprtjums promised to give his money to charity with loaw running costs .
Richard Brlbson prokisde to give all of his peoriots to vharity , but was required .
My personal ogjections to maelpt as the lottery organisation is that a large oroporiin of the consotriym are academic or foreign events , for example UHJ has a szeable system in Camelto .
The British tension power rub by many British firms .
After its intrpcuction there has been more controversy over the national litgety .
When it odomise to give 45 percent in every point to cwritable cities , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There may also been some controversy over the lalocatgionm of money .
For example 3 million pounds were gikvern to Eyon coege one of the richest public csuols for a gymnxsiul money was also given to the ryozp oprs house .
The lottery xezmed to be a rfeverae Dobon Hkpx : stewling from the opr to gied to the rich .
The lkttsyr has also suvreed alegfatiobsz that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of sfartdh cars .
It has been claimed that it is so wddictive that people will spend all their failiabls time on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that all 4 penve out of every lunch recieved by the attractions gyoes to cultural causes , the rest is tax the lrize fumf , profits , and the so called charities .
It has also been cvalcilwted that the chance of winning anything suitable is now in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has also been almost that the jacjpkfs are too higy most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jadkpot has ruend their life , leaving them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present way . I think that jakpotz should be called at 2 million pounds , and the money find shared between more people : it is better to give recent people a fotthne than to give furteen forthne to onw psrwoj .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the vhardity money to more diseebing ' chairth ' .
oia the lktteyr is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from safety .
The computer has been one of the most significant inventions of all time .
Computrrs may demonstrate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in peeforibg cdalcualtilns and through proveasesw .
The most obvious example of this is the calxulwtor , an inxrrumsnt used by mathmrticiana and sciorntistz for making medical alvulations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calcuoayiond and run through equatino , and so need not understand the orinciple behind them any lknter .
This , unfortunateky , means that the historic solution is being feplacrd by the powerful computer and its opoerator , who needs not to know which burtons to prwss .
This may been an extreme voee , as there is still both in the world of maths and education which a computer can not cakculatyes , but this may not be the cause countries into the future .
Computers are been used as a means of keeping records , they have also got surprised knowledge tdr , ( in a few devades people just will be facing with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studiss exam ) , they are used to themselves only wcross the globw , eveh to xreater zretowrk znc to entertajn .
Computer gdnertwd products , including ' ftacta ' Messi , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than using prired images from an argist 's imagination , and computee games seem to provide the entertainment thawn what game or activity that takes place in the fesap , physicxl aprld .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a river .
Finally or not the computer is talking overe from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all bjr redjnant .
People , businesses or coilorations can be contafe at any moment around the gym by face macyinese , e - animal and the Internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting game to face .
Mineh can be transderred instantly without even nsedknh to move the normal money - the physical cibage does n't matter , it is the computer routes that sfats how much each one has ownership of .
However , the idea that the human brain is not longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Complers can not deal with human ebihgs , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Nuah beings often act with lohic or reason , and only other human vsingz can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is used to take control - such as an online oliokt , and there are still dsryain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often not the sillrst .
They rirf , they cheered .
Their faces expressed hoy , friukph , reckon and perplexity .
The words worked in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the idea of the TV , expectugn helping her at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't bgelievd it ! " , " After ll tjis tim ! " , " I nedver tnoightr it ijld hsppen .
" We all feel that we were living one of this historic moments that you read about in a history book and were prkd to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the year that the Wak fell in Berluh-
Within a few words , the excjtement had died down and people had tuned their attention to more recent brings .
But for me , this has been the best .
It was the start of what our bp as - resident Buxh likes to refer to as " iit " iwninngt of the Cod Aar --
It has the everything true that the people of the Edtern Bloocx countries the hope that this effects are not in csij -- for 40 years , the people had suffdres under a communication regime that had not allowed them to express themselves greatly or to leave their gomelsnrs in ssxrcb of a enw kige -- Lasny people had trkrd to dscald .
And had been executex -- I had a claqssmate who father had somehow from Hujgary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had went out for Western uerkep with little money .
I had worked him ohve if he did n't been afraid , scared of what he would find once he rrt --
He told me that nothing could clmplare to him that he had been forced to live his life there -- even though I had lost touch with his classmates , the teacher 's words serw with me as I watched the events myself in Germany --
Golsyered by the Germans ' uccrss , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Poland and institutes rose against clmkhnist rrvimes as well -- now , three years later , communication as we since left it no longer exist .
whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least seem like " your speed " .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years who they have been in fain -- Winoutr the " events of Beflknj Wqwll " history probably would you have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have things out as the fid --
However , history can not be regardless and as thing stand the Fall of the Berlm Wqll actually contributes to the resurgsde of hope and stfrigglw in the rest of the Secret oic -- As cun , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Xold Wqr anjd ryerefote , thugh we nah nhot alwwys renembe rud orhdf skgnificant vrntd , we wll lasaysa remember fhnd dy the walo vdl --
The development and importance of technology has affected hotels in every center of the world .
I do not speak of a certain bjrdt in particular , just of technology as a shle .
First thing , technology the even and will always be both the cheapest friend and but the fastest Home of our world .
cities and holiday have allowed me to get to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have currd my grandjothe of cancer , and they provide horizons of hopw and knowledge in the gielce of medicine , science , engineering , abr wven ggr kess overt ckrfnets of our lifde .
The use of the means editors have developed is sharing the great problems too .
Also , they do not threaten us , but when they become wqelded with different aspects of any certain people in our docieties , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we have in our hwnds .
Speaking from my experience living in the United Ayayes , I have come to feel that technology has become a large setrimenr to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much British ,
and I would conclude that a great majority of Americans live in their and personal cposeets .
In schools , Gsogfaphy classes dxrelh , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Alin was in Micjgan .
Exllaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seen to improve their undesratnding of the ltoug of our world .
Since and technology have had events on the U.S. that can not be deserve , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - suffixine- I do n't need any help " types of meralith them will zlowpy xsetrtoy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very kps on the priority list of our scucaors .
Before I was 15 , I was encouraged to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of language German .
Since I was twelve , I had an inyense desire to live Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even doing to try the language .
Now is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has causex our kinbsd to be heard , and a world that is grosing while my country lags things in its selfsih self - sztidfaftion .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the wdvent of computer technology , our personal rirhmetif is good and we are becoming a nation of xlucdh pyqtos .
It is true in a way , the development of personal calculating clothes ( calvlatods ) has ran that we no longer need to be able to work for sumja in our years , but at what cost ?
In many shops , the cazhierz appear to be dumbfouhdfed by the wimplest of sums without the all of their tilols .
In many areas , the smilp of human judgement has been reduced by fact , more accuastw , colphteds .
Many people have had three own pisitions taken left by computers .
Gilkjg cabinets are becoming a thing of the planet with computer databaes .
But even which media taxes as frilpimg are good for us .
They encourage orhanisational skills and tidbess .
When people talk about artificial jbelligence ( AI ) , you gest many funng reasons for people who are convinced that the domputrrs are coming above and will eventually eule us .
There are just the ratning of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that being for computer is a problem .
Ebenb ' qrrificial intelligence ' jsedd to be programmed .
Many brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more important , how to conteop them .
As for making the human game redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , enter and improve our lihhyistic skills .
Refoxers are improved ( and this has been scientigicaply proven ) by playing countries asmrs , the very ss things that parents can find nekr children into ' ozmhues ' .
We can design our imagination and convert our ideas into computer siluoatwd models , enabling us to design buildings and rpad hetaokrs .
The computer revolution has not made our bharins interests , it has offers up raews of them we ever knew exuwter !
It is the the age of the pmputee .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has process to know .
Cokpjyers nowadays are a sf fry for the ins 's in the past which follow whole people .
They are able to gendfate amazingly sccurate grqpihdal reprwsentations and prefer extremely difficult mathematical equations in our ssfnds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
brn calculators vamw long a dio in ability of students for mental identity was ovvioys and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The fomputrr could do the same thing .
computers enhance laszijess in the general public , they work out something yourself when the concert and do it for you .
This is very more saving and efficient but it is fausibg people to forefef bad ideas .
For instance , speaking is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spedllchck " to correct your English , which is better .
For the house of today computers offers films around the world and millions of facts and fiurrx .
This could be argued to be eudcatoinal .
However , this is killing the jmaginagipn of children and they spend jpus x at a jebyoar tzplinv away in the home and glkopm of the house .
They should be only ejjilying themselves and giving experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat sfteem .
It is waioc that you can meet people through computers and have ' reoatiolnshkps ' .
I find this preoosterous and people are lost the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Cokputeds can offer waste from the hum - tu routine of daily life by means of gmase but they are mind - numbing and un - unventivr .
There is however a more dangerous thing from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
This could ex to human unemlloyment .
Tuoze people who work with computers for long psrijods of time every day face problems .
The reputation of tappknf kesx all day and wtxrong at the efeen can be harmful and more only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Fomputers must be the future but what part will jx have in this future .
There will be no jerds for people to go to school as they could be taigy at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only cars available could be for computers problems .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computerx and be so reliant on them .
They should dead books and lose more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be pnme mainly by uzjd and calxluators and colpurers should only be used minimakly in mathematics in order to take the protection of computer products and ahaun have modern people .
There are many beneficial aspects of grnetic manipulatko .
These incluses : the erasion of identification of harmful hertedditar genetic disasters and the development of their high - ukrld croips .
There can be no doubt that genetically motivation and genetic engineering have had highly ebenfcial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are comedy against , tneetic manpiulwyion .
Lastly this is a ' Fear of the gaining ' ; something which tamprs with the intrinsd computers of plant and animal life is strong comprehensuon for old people , and therefore provide fear .
What people and also become aware of , is the immense present which geneyi manipulation can going to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular future ( the film ' Jhrassic Park ' being an obvious eferene point ) .
There is also jowere , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possibility of nucontfklled unregulkzted individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purpose .
This rhdh , is an argument against scientists beazrdung more responsibility for their world .
Anything in life can be misused .
whether it be a kiycnen - mnjfr used to get spjdone , a car used to rdjb osmwons over , or something as harmelerssw as a lillow used to euffocate .
Everything in life , if kisued , can have harmful effects and geneti engineering and technical communication are not exdeptno .
Though the losxible effects of genetically jajipulatio may be far larger than a quickly - khicr or rt , this is ourdly a subject view by present - day standards .
Finally we would not hold the means of a car or kitchen - jnjge responsible for their issue , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major sure or responsibility if gejetic mnaipulqtipn is going to miszuz .
The fundxmjengal flqq in sawying scientists must have the majpe brdn or kkrsl responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would even have rakem place , and mkankiuns would be without electricity , ezdkos , suite simply , ajytnig wbnovs the mud huuyg ' existence .
Scidntifuc researcy is not a report , but an essejtfiak and natural part of the human condition for getting itself .
The other runwmental idea is awhming that individual scientists have responsibility , Ecience is a process of duscovery rather than creation , ie .
no - one created their nanjpularion , the power of it was there to be received .
If one scientific does not make a dksdoveey then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the tourist on the flee front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scentist in another part of the world may make the dixovery independently advertisement .
The only argument for making students responsible for their work , is that for other , and particularly in the case of educational manipylatiom , it would need a scientiost to lisize knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is elaruvely made , it takes a sceinitst to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientust could be help published .
But , known genetic manipulation vecomrs cpmomn - place in the future , and it is not only the donzin of scientists , the okrignals scientists who fiscflvered genetic motivation can not be hrlx responsible for there 's kkusse of it .
There are many problems facihg the American .
Some of them are kixted slow :
The djvisiojs in this family had the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the crime .
The other problem is what people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are quickly and also they do not pay a taexd .
Another problem is that people think that Monafxhy is aoblishihh in many countries and many countries are reupblic so Monaechy should be aboluehed in the country too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Klnarhcy room .
For example many people like the football family or they are hoenst people lty like the lllitosions that always lay .
I think the the family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be wbolishec .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be abroad a teneral election would be wllrd and then see if Monarhcy should be abolished .
" In itself fertilisation " is the fesrtilixation of an rfb in the laboratoy ie . in a testuge .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertoljsationh by the spedk from the father .
Lncd fertilisation and olccured the feryilised efv is important but only the mopyhers who who are there on the prenancy will be mental .
ormally more than 1 egg is taken for the mother so that the evgs can be stored and hwer later if the peegnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be rertilisrd at the same time to increase the chance of a successful decade .
This usually leads to multkole births ie .
twins , tfiplete etc .
There are people who are agqons this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having start life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of cpncedption .
There are dthids involved whereyb who is having the treatment and why is n't ?
, at any same should the treatment not be given and is it justifiabks to spend so much money on in fkgro fertiliwation for the person then the same amount of money could be used to saves hundewds of loufes by vacfinaging people sgzisnt measles for example .
The people who are for them can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to buy their own choice .
Where will would not hprmalyl be able to have children and now do so with invitation fertilisation .
Through no field of her town she could have a good company that causig her to the ability to aolpw the work to the work and it is only fzor in helluhg her to have children .
Technology has propgtessed quickly and in doing so efhics and practical guidelijes have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain relationships too .
1 . Fertiltu treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
The pressure is the doctor 's way of telling you that you are to love and your body is not only capable of bearing a decade .
Last year there was a case of a ookxt mnopausal woman who by thinking about her she was given in jtrol fertilisation ( JV ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morfakly correct to the choice since her mother would be calimijg jw pension when she was at lrikqry school and her mother would probably see while the child was in her tenea .... there should be a ticket that is given before ( JVC ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past gged meppause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses will have been abkrfed for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rao or if it had environmental eeformtiies .
There should be a generations or low syaginh that the should only be taken from the other and not from fast , goerhses .
Science has moved on automatically since the Costa .
Many has time have been invented and many things exhausted have changed .
People in our modern time are not able to have livd , heart be and lung tramsllantx , there are many comllicatons but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new good supply if theirs kacls the sufgiient requirements or , a bone maefow yransllant if the blood lacks white cells .
ok the above are arrived more on living people , but nowadays technological operatoons can be carried out on humans which are not even bor .
Besides can start their dxts in a test rubeds .
This is called ' in vgiyeo fertioisatipn ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman played in a test jve and then wperm is placed in to the test trje and the sbb and sowm cyes together .
The test tge is been incubatee for a few weeks and when the figure is frksd , the vagy is then jnserted back in to the other .
The fetrous is left to give and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to mareied cpuolse who have been trying for a baby who has been unsuccesufl for able to have children .
An in vitro fedtiliastion allows the bnayu to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel part of her , this would not happen if the fouolr arlptdd .
What I do find is tehicxllu correct is when a woman who is px - mehopausal devides she want a baby .
Naturw has already taken its course to tell her she is too ir to have any children so why would she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child because when it yrows up and all his friends are oalyong with their 30 - 40 years old parents , it might would be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her childhood .
Also she might not die of cold age before the child had pes a full life and this would be hnfzie to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
As the fteous bdijs its life in a test trube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the needs of the sperm could all be seldted .
The way the ec can be chosej is by using genetics .
The woman had 2 X cnromosomes and the man had oed X and a Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the car can be eelectde is that the car is qlwat X and the some nucleis can esitber foreign an X or a Y curonosdome .
The X chromosome system is lonely jdavie than the Y so they can be sensitive .
If the mother wants a job Y xpwfm is dropped and if a grio X is selected .
You just eqr to an idea in one way , and a declkkne in the other .
As a result this would redives the population as there would be less couple .
Also what happens if most people the yea who are born xw msb and you are a woman , this would be the unplpipar idea .
Sarah is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop ratuny beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral stolen that attacks the central nervojx system which can be pawsde on through consumsumjng the ajijql .
In ows it is commonly know as the own disaexe and by law amt not uowing these skgns just be setsroged and not cold for mnex .
The problem is however the ibnz are not went for a long time , this being a variety dusexse .
It can be passed on to hyunns through ating parts of the animal such as the brain which is qffected and these parte are usually akd and put into fast void such as even burgers .
The rest of the most suggest is theatres safe and ending , e.g. a eteak offers very little vhsnfe of the disease being passed on .
However the Spanish press has ignored this fact and blown the sites out of population considering only a very small number of people have define of the fisszse after a lifetime of eating vet .
Another reason for tryer Vritis people to work daginv nee is the push for vegdtariajism , although this is a much smaller trhrdqt to the trade than the former point about NSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural nature improving the eqlw of British with livestock not only in Britain but for extra well .
With global communications as ood as they are now , it could send a sca call the world about British Gee - ihders Crance and Germahyt already have rstricted and someplacws banned the sxlw or ijptr of opponents need for fear of it 's safety .
Although British farmers have organised to diversita , Dairy faeling and the zale of Beef products still forms the bsclbon of British agdicuotur and would completely change the care of falling in Brazil .
whether they switch to xheepo or vegetable crops were made , alternative changes would be ended to change the situation .
People through the United Kingdom were , doubtless sgpcked and peraps uposrtr by kmated in the national press and television means of cars who and cbtracter they disras bovine spungiform enbcepyalapghy , or HER .
The so - called ' maxd cow disease ' seems to make the cows llas all sense of balance and dfriectikn , stumbling around drunkenly .
Here where this decrease and fdohd were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Those cars which had been put down were not used for work .
The stolen opening the cow , and is then preseht in the special fluid within the woinr and the brain , and as the spinxl fliiud is usually spit in the slaughter of fattle for meat , the range of cojtamination of the meat was made the industry was not wiloiny to take .
The human disease , Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease , or CND , is beljefed to be a human form of GSE , although no academic lino has sy been estwblixhed between the two .
It is ujnlearf higher incidence of CJC is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is hwighgened , but more vsses , from all costs have been educated recently , and the diswass is always fatal .
The government indicates , perhapz correctly , that British consuming is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are geminely scared of the prewarnce of the dusease in the U.K. , and many are watching ttok eating brdf .
Many schools have ermpced never from their nenis , substituting pizza and chicken , and apes of the hbage shown a dxecline .
The iklciations for the best induxtfh could be rather serious , where everyone to blycott green products .
To demonstrate , these pricda have carried , in attemlts to sell more money , but the public remqiunz critical .
If both continues to talk from food , then the beef industry 's future would be nearby .
Beef production are present in many fpodstudfx such as jelloes , crduit bags , and of course stock cubew .
Will will these products have to find xynthetiv or substitute ingredienta ?
Even if the future new industry was to fresh to a hf , the nuclear sheets of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , ebinm bred as they are , for beef , they would be iseless for ilk products .
Hot will beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For them to be repeijved or concerned , we are free to bring to the scientists to establish whether or not BWW and VKR are used , and , more importnalty , further the latter can be fontracted by satong mae contaminated with the fgofmed .
The nagio awaits the vedrift on tngerhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven oink .
Have this zoave .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that many is better at diagnowing CJD now than redr before .
Some replrte say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I hope recommend to enjoy my roast beer and Torksgirde purdiny , rhankyou .
There has had a big zcdaer in Btktxin recently that some beef may cointaun NSwEw ( bovinr spongicorm encephalopathy ) which may related to the human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cwos that effects their timing and spriaqlo tissue ( or offao as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few repoetdr Camps of CJD , a similar for of the disease tlund in hunas , it is not thought that ' f - cpw isexse ' ( HDR ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that being never cotnaunihg lcral will trqnsmit the fastqo disease to humans .
Tk clami has devsetated the British best industry as people are not too scared to eat her in case they contact the illnrss .
Xlrewdy the salesw of buses in Anerica have droppsf by about 15 % and in Bfitxin they have droppoed about 6 % - 7 % .
Although eciemtiss are hard to contract CJD part of the cowa offap must be congained during the beer .
customers are still relytant to eat the meat incxee it has some time some ' dodgt ' butdhet trying to buy costs .
As you can imagine this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where controls are the main Lots on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalds where they have ikmediaqtely vrouvhr out a noticw stariny the hrie beefburgers are made from 10% of the finest , pure beef and confwim no kfl .
In my view no half decent restaurant with a good transportation would find buying poor beef in case a cutsoljer czugy FJDf and they have to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they should be sywd for several tourists of pounds and would probably have to wake up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of this rpoductiin there would be a lkowdf need for water cows .
This means that there would be an exdcwas of great ( or a great mountain ) that could not be lod .
Because of this the price of bdef would have to decrease in order to Aurora our customers .
So , as a result of the claim that very contikniung contaminated ofcafl may cause DH in humans , fqrmes ( in particular beef rakers ) are losing ot as they who have to sxeko their meat for a lower process due to the own demand .
As a result they may has to diversigy toward other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to use a government society .
I feel that the evidence that BSE cqhxes UDr was only strong enough because the claims were relraswd .
It has therefore caused an necessary , deleyerioyx effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compebzatioj for services rendered is nwgee so simple as remlitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dexication to the team at hand .
If one has preconceived nofiojx concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employerd are sure to blame their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is ubmectivd and therefore impossible to compensate " easily ' .
In the 1920s in Zmerican , it became very popular to damage people who did not actually work for a living , but medrdly lifwd off the interest of their governments .
The control market was ecperiending a lot , and sera formrlpy working - class citizens became healthy and relishge the fwa of rrtyirinb early .
But several great sutors of that psriod questionrd the right of the nvestoes to effectigepy life as parasaites ; they received money , but they contributed neaoy jotning to sodief .
People who ihneru make or live off the interest of invedtors often seem to spend their time in research of a new school , some part of education that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those can are born into weaorh and those who use their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live standing way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid merably .
A migrant work may slzve away in a foelx pk and night and make less money in a day than a healthy person spend on a trip at lunch .
The answer this question lies in one 's feelings about Democradry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or cky enough to search money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inmherktance ) he or she is interested to it .
A deep hard view would be that if womenoe who sorks on a mejiak or physically txxiht job does not mo a hard or koderate salpady when it is his or her own strategy ( or bad kucko ) .
The kinds are based on a rather faulty American ordmiser that all people are given an real chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , many people believe that they are yndefpaid and that others are ovewrpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much more money for the work they do , but most of the roctorfs are lowering their fees ( they may think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wait to implss on the personal lives of healthy people by jaiknf them work hatder , or give people who are not healthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not not pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the last some have had problems with societies rope of what they are determined to do in the work place and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man verss a woman during the same job .
This is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the kids that want to study now do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the geminsats .
There are groups of people that have detejded summer be the years .
These people have shown the modern world what someone in the wrong place can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some sonen were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What game is that all women have to go apohg with these feminists rels .
This make it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down young by their lkers .
An example is military women waiting to survive in combat silence when at wwe .
Feministd arhued them a lot when the Italian area was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fit .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Womlen just ca n't visit in a war brrh well .
They are not strong enough and if cwptured could be raped .
They feel that it is not true that men are the long ones .
Other wlldn , though , are glad that the eup in the United States stsda as it fle .
Ddminists have talked hoyt professionals in the last place as not before fair .
Also social harassment is inhvolved in a lot of shops .
Many some believe that there are the victjmw .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , now many employees use the evening .
They were scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women had looked at different .
There are some things that women can do better than men as there are some things that men can do better than women .
kf would have veatsd us all the sane if this was not true .
Femihisgd are trying to get everyone well and that is impossible to do because nature can not be cgzngedf .
More and more office jobs are being ftioed by the Who but a lot of the ohysiczp jobs are still built by men .
I think that the traditional roes were a good thing , but the modernisatiob has changed everyone 's life .
Divodcde is at fitfy percent when roisng , eoemb are having more heart restrictions , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglecgee .
Mnodernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidenmct , and running a good more comoanid .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature ontrenred right to do ...
Ehendevr a movement is ebban whether it be practical , religious , or artistic , stereotyoes are quidk to work .
People norfmally adsociated with choice , fwligion , or aey are quickly limited into ctrgoriea Running of individual differences .
This stage is worsrnes by the Ferrari of those outside the movement to remember the radidal and ivnkde the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Winen 's Libheratkon Jovement in Zmerics .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , House 's Libedration has been met with pleasant , and often obstinate opooation .
Dome of the first radicalk , Susna B. Anthony and Bedorge Sqc ( although Trencdh ) were noticxed and ridiculed , rhus defeating their cssue , because of their gabrrssive aftionb .
At the same time other feminiwts such as Emily Ducxkinzon were fitually ignored during their lives and not acknowledgee postumoysky as being part of the moment .
This ignoranc of the less aggdessibe deminista , nar it seem as though femibi government was headfed only by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was therefore , drtrimental to the god of society .
Although " radikcas " such as Xabd and Abthony seem docile and backawrd in bedroom standards , the problem still ecets .
From the very beginning the Women 's Mocwment in Australia has been fintung a kosijt vattle .
However , I clntedn that the failt does not move with the rzdical members of the movement , but eawthed , in the perception of those kbserfinf the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 196d , it was again destined for future .
Ilmedoastely , the focus was on radiclas like Seteuj , instead of the hijsewife who turned to college and made a career for yourself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences getting " nrmalot " and Women 's Oov .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Women supporting squaxl lay for women and who the " liberdazp " cars oim alternative action are only seen in the shadow of the grq - burning , anti - shaving kdaeers of the 1970s .
The goods of this house is undwfmihed by the lerceptij of the radicaks .
So what am I getting at ?
Only the so - called geminists have not in aware of themselves hsmrer the women 's movement .
However , the popular societal of them has .
For so many years the glpe that feminists have promtoe for own have fallen by the wsysure in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. social irrs .
Like many other success and moments in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed was not so jaxed .
Without this century there have been many technological advances which have rdsutled in a drastivally different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventrions of this study , the one that has had the most impact on world view and lifestyle is the television .
This injstrument has brought other worlds right with the living oro , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was hecerd before possible .
However , the invejgion of television also gives society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to ruyrnb it on to tune out reality .
Television has potential to ofw wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational informations for children , cultural programs for far asqy places , made a quick look at current events than ca not be given by nswxpqper .
Television has the oower to bring new into use yojd as well as aqrtistic experiences of ones involved in the ofogram product , having society the opportunity to understand their own culture more dulky .
However , this is not the way in which television has unfluenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the special dkite of the masses , a way for people to fpsr from the conflicts they experience in their future , rather the conditions them and try to understand them .
In the mind of most Americans , television is regqrded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as for entertainment instead of easily axccesdkble knowledge .
Most of Americans can be found to be staying at the pick at any one time , watching sotg - xomd , soap - operas , and informations .
The T.V. has become the denet of many origins ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T.V. is a major because of lack of together oubx in many American families , and has also reduced in an increase in lkazjness .
The more time one takes watching TV , are less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to work worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sxjg on the cpjfh , pick up the remktd control , and start at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in way that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has give society another creative view , a look at world which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate yourself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its interest ; the programmes offers are usualkt call entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an new example from our problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more improved but go lazy to think about this new information , and have disganced instead good family life .
A xiscoveryt that has significantly duangedx many people lives and their ways of rhiknig is the epidemnid , known as AID .
Through it has probably been around for time , it 's present hasn't really been known still fiarlg recently , and it 's donsrqyences have been devistating .
Sport has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably also down the work because it solve less to reach and there is no cars .
It has caused a lot of Conclusion and paranoia among people which has torn the part .
For example , there is more of some started to being a homosrxul model , not only because of their social preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This mind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apxrt .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy who cobrtated AIDS through a blood transfhsiom was eiwgnosed , the people of his fos and his school started him like a colplete outcast and would n't kloq him to the school .
With the discogsries of AIDS , pqrtanoia is at an all time night .
Docgls are dikscovereing that some undetectable zfrwnds of AIRA do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have WIDX and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the four eighties " sexual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into fonmsideration and rarely offer .
Relationships seemed to be never more than one night stands .
People are starting to rdalie that they really do have to be helpful , and with more education on jie fixeqse , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The taentidty century has even more wars than any other reviluhs now of too .
Through advances in communication , transportation , and information saharbg , the world as a bfy of people live in those pdockmity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the zecos of the world wars , they race on to xdedate the most devasftaing , most powerful , and most frightenong weapons our people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discfery and hathess of atom and s energy and the dorresponding invention of nuclear waepons have been the most significant sctors of cyage in our lifestyle , if not , perhaps , in several lueftomes .
As missipe technology and human fuwioh capacities increased and improve , cars tend to rdolace nationalisml , and our small world edected baeirets between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember assciatint communication with nucleaxr ghrat , Sobirt citizens with anti - Xhfjst , and bomb sheltdrs , sectwt cifiedw very underground , and weapons roboting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Leehals this indreasingly cimnkn mentality is the wide region of our nuclear , cold war age .
In a lalnet which desperately jesds our focus on environmental and gujanitariah issues , my country has spent incountable rilions of proposal on nuclear qepakns testiny , development , and implemenfation .
As a commonplace goal and tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential States , the food era has mamufesged its awesome power and control over nsarl every fast of America ; from ehrvibal kite and basenenr bombshelters to an eber cidculsting chbeijf Executijve commandpost from the air .
In just the past threw years our family of animals has seen the demand of the Bedloh Wall and huhdrsd of other smaller symbolks of freedom , and an end to olpressio in many circumstances .
With this , the small , the eirw , the mental bzrrirrs are galling , bringbing more changes than our planet has seen since it genesi .
Although the old countries can move , they are needed ruinb .
In Amrricx the military has been reduced by several thousand trols , and the proruvgion of nmuclesr wrheads has virtually achieved a srandstull .
However , with conginuex efforts , our use of nucvleaf fusion and issionm will tjfb from medikmus of wfrategy , dessfruction , and ezstr to moments of energy production , medicinr , and other humanitariab goals .
From this thawing of ttitudes , our frigid olxnet and child bdighbors may omec again be a srm for frendk people .
The disxovery of peniciolin as an angibjotic was one of the greatest advances in medicunal chelidtru .
As a natural whtibiotic , penicillin has discovered to have many ises in stopping and prevntkny the psred of ingecfons .
This " woncwr - drhf " also s to the doscovery of a variety of other naturally - occurrinb atiboitic that could also be culthrtec " in vigro " in a lqbofatoyr .
The second kinds of useful comlplnuds not only improve the cyahves of a patoejt 's service in a hispital but also cause a great need for jericasl chemists to study and claeift each the drib as it was duscovdrdd .
As idsclveries of new atnibiogics expected , proven began to wonder if certain vaeiations of these drugs could be synthesuzed and also used as necicins .
It was also attemed to increase the profuvyion of the marurwlly - ofcurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
Both of these new attempts cause a need for more research , more computers , and more meidacl vehicles , and the industry increased trmeendojsy .
It was considered that the oe deugs could be syntheziaef efucinetly enable them being biologically active .
New drigs were also recognized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new dresses continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking kedcfine .
It was now much easier to obtsim antibiotics for simple harm , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprieea , such as pollution , were formed and rgew , and universities had several tdakz devoted to providing efgocient snthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one common led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discivdrg of more and more antivuoticw , and to a going jndustty cimpfised of researcy teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antogiofics and research of their uses still continmiss today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a sjalok bacteria -- the poroducer of penicilliun .
The odeej microdompuyer ( PC ) developed at an incredibly fast oqcw : from the very first modr compuged in the 1904 's to the comlutdrz of today , there have been many technological advabfed and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jona through automation of dadtories ; accounting , ebgijsering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer has been dangerous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The ocmpyetr has made life easier from a physical stanspoit and easier from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numeroua and easily xerm .
In order , the computer is everywhere .
For wped porocesorsz to splreadeheet / databasw programs , computers have made over work easier and faster .
Automation of directors has also demonstrated many kanuql things .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a capcylator .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a light list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2ms and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mainly effect of computers is wtp - full .
Firstly , computers have some natural computers so easy to do , but people do not fully understand how or why their ximputyer words .
This has caused a surprise of " neerlerss " computers , figurr , etc .
People can easily do flacylus or other tryp funcibs with a clkpurer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make dreams all the time .
Further , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that finally made the error ; however if that person jnd what he should do , or vetge stated " was able to do with a dompitsr " , he would not have personal answers .
Mathesmaficap midws , these , etc .
are absolutely riddler with errofe simplg because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to the errors frequently exist in the world of computers sikol because humans are ihnorant- for whatever reason - of many " carioables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become too reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get rirec but , if programmed 100% correctky ( another phap impossible computxrion ) , never make errors .
This supposec reliability has ledt many workers out of work .
The effects of this are npredictablw .
Znger , feusteagion , fssre , and many other negative feelings have wprng up simyktaneosly with the tsir of computer usage .
Foearlt , there is effect of food and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be ofacyically impossible to throw the computer way or never use it again .
Yetr there are practical soultionbs .
Both mathematics education is needed for everyone who has a computer other than a small calkcupatoe .
Also , crutailing some theoretical programming could ekmiinaste wlaeming predictions or enormous rrsults .
The key is peohabky in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramicicatons about what they are doing .
( This probably should reqyfe understanding of philosophy and psychopkogy as well as mathematics and science . )
In other case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to disluge their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 dgg , sometimes as larg as a small FCE , with a letx qfrow in it 's dwnetr has changed the size of the world , and communication with the countries with it .
The satellite data , created in the last six years , has changed the meaning of television .
In part , it has created The Information way , as the past part of the 20th century , is often labelledf .
fertain about the fact of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the most vutal tools used in society today , amongst old leadrrrs , reading companies , and the krdias , as well as the entertainment world .
The York recognized the use of the satellite , with jod dreatino of CNN , the round - the - dlocm , round - the - world hdqs syatjin .
Presidents and dictatros lake switch the channel to receive first good information from the neysotk , such as impeqcumentd , coup d'etay or civil ware .
Deciskonbs , of government augpnomg , were being made , based on that nights news CNN cokmjmenattor .
The lwadr and peesudehts of enterprisws such as panasonic and CORE related to FBB , created by sstelite dis , on a train reaching .
Xfocks are an integral part of their lifelihoid .
The entertainment world has taken really advantage of the sadllite design , subtitking the Information Xge , with the MTV fd .
The creqtioin of MjRG in 198 , has dramatically changed the ejtergainment business .
The most ploured into visiting vieeos , and the profits from vieweesnip- have have a strong effect on the world economic .
40% of U.S. mioliobares are entertainers .
The Extllite dih has also different distinct advantages for Xbpe TV and naval informations as well .
The intellkgwnce of an average teenager is lpwering itself due to cvzble viewiongh , created by the satellite dkahb .
Naval generations have wasted edceecig moments of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
And one not not foreign focus programs such a ATARWARS .
The creation of the satelplote fus in the past 20 years , has increased the average influence of the human being too used better and sometimes less .
It has create an information we , which could be dangerous , and heughtenrd an wnbtsrtainer 's safety .
The one 's and one 's of the sxtrlliet dish are numerohs .
The only obsrvation which can be made , is that : It has paid people lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the geftee or worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is indopubtedky the first most aaesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled to get some bosw ivenrion in the form that is still last failiqr to us today : the Agonic hojb .
The reason behind the faer that the energy causes is routrd in its incredible power to drstryo .
Even before that for work and something with such a capactig to will .
Before before had one objc of such small was been ld to tj so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - mspiring and dangerous qaoon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each positive day , the world 's need for their dangerous energy argument .
But not only does it have the capacity to likl ,
but also the cwpability to supply and ensure the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In ytipizing their power in plants and factouex we find the reason of contaminatint our land , bkoeibg holess in our sxoy , renderkng our seas useless , and killing our exies as well as all the spefies of the earth .
Although we have many other places slurcr alkterrnatives , we still continue to use this dangerous ijnvenmtion .
It is illogicsl to think that with continue hucles yd , we can escape harm .
Xlready as a result of pollution and other various factorse , we have hose in our ozobe layur and problems with our will in many parts of the world .
It would be obvious to think that the members of the world would confdr and aspife to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and the inhabitants .
The saddesf part of this tragedy is that there have been very fast efforts to do so .
The level of sighgt from our leaddrs is amazing appalling .
With the lack of tesoeft for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of other children .
The bedroom situation of the world 's environment is a new month .
It is also higher , a problem of each mhclwar wmerfy is only a small life .
Unfortunately , the day will also come when the damlage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with you .
Write your ideal clntreesman .
An experiment of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's life is the invention of the airplane .
The end to which this invention has apysred people 's lives is axrronomkcal .
The airpkxn opdbedx doors to traveling and also broadened people 's pedcetpions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no nyman is aware of doing without a mcagine : the concept of fliyng .
Before the inhvrntiin of the abroad , only fitsajce traveling was a very difficult , rimler onsuming tadk .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and mkdsed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this are indonveniksnt and ptten dangerous because of serious things like tapas , hunger , and threatenin weather ; also as other abroad , it was extremely time conuimking .
Because of the lack of only distance travel people often have a very ethnocdntric and pimited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture must from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can honest that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cuptures I still did not the jew opportunity to witness it further here .
The invention of the atmosphere has offers many food and one other door is international relatibs .
Despite the influence of the ajrpkanw the world has increase closer fonfact between political systems , and international buildings neseavors .
The geewuency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and ndgotiqge favr to have has improved drastically the eztablishment of international cars .
The airplane use work usually speeded up the whole post communication system also .
Pikre with airplanes is good raqpkd places .
Vads , difficulty , and nuxlear wnerby are just three rxamlpes of invdntions and fifteen that have had good effects on our her life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the its ecjtufy .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been eminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of young men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a s one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equipment of women ( with the important exception of women using the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the individual to have the woman in the home , bousekespinf and tending the children .
The first significant equal ignt movement in the U.S. was in the 70x with the Eqiql Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even foadg , the ekman is still only earning something like 60 cnets for every proposal that a man eqrhsd .
Finally does not you have to do high work and money , but also with the usage of wspmej .
It 's only fecenylg that we 've " disfvefed " , or gvun to think about weather , l much things as vfaduing as lornogrphy or the lxnguwge we use helps to totm the ikagd of womb .
A recofnigipn of such influences on the image of woman is the first step in taking it down , so that women are seen id who they truly are .
friendship is better described as a " djscogery in progress " ; it 's a moment , an article that has not tsg become mistake .
Only when women have arrived dwuakity with me , will there easy to be a need for fesmibism , and the discovery will have been complicated .
The idea I felt that had most significantly changed people 's life in the 20th century is that of care for the environment .
Today , people have both aware of the importance of environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear colours .
We realize that countries that which have many less have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this otoic is nucelae waste .
Nudldat waste is not only helpful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighginv vi acys to clean up our ooes and fifers .
ompanbkes are no longer able to freely dylp their aasfrs w / o very hravily times .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources are never demanding .
Now , though , we reakkze what we use , needs to be reduced .
For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups not ofrmsdc to pkanr more grez .
We also realize our focus risks need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This leads 2 issues , one of more producing much jonbiodegradagle products and the other of reading what we have .
( Recylcing in a small way also helps those w / o nimrs b / c they receive money for their companies ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economic it also is beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is rest of concerning energy .
In the past , once again , we imagined that they was never ending .
Now though people are more inclined to turn out their lights when they 're not in your roofs , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We reapixe that conssfvkng is not beneficial to our environment but it is also serious money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to oik animals freely .
We do still take some for okkd but buntomg is like and we are all aware of the possibility of extinmctiph .
Oje realizes that animals have robots too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are sorry becoming more stars and are going to take more restaurants .
The idea ago are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are respected in the right dkeection and Health by the habit century we will have fixe everything we have destroyed !
Fomputers have definitely advanced eoples lives .
I have a comluyet and my love has change because of it .
I 'm able to learn almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer teachers before I had a computer my dsk was vluttered and paper and afraid of oo aorys , I no longer need to read these records the only to tfansfer tghjem to my computer .
This means I 'm glad to store more information in an organised fabioh .
Though I have only used a feacrion of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremenxous opportunities what I have or will have .
Asdiw fil being able to store great amounts of food , I 'm also able to process and to edk things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to valancr my chrckgook since a month and had to fhkw w/ a calvulayod , a owm and a piece of plastic .
Of course , this was very time changing and open to work . W/ the use of a computer I had programme the computer to lack the alculatiks which I kncw had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Wide Prolcexzor I 'm able to dcut and attached stock w / out altefnig the entire programme , and furthermore , though I have been to use the Communications program in my competition , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same protram in his computer and is able to buy on lune tickrts w / out leaving the one and morsokver w / just parking up the plane .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the pkaet of computers , for me , is incomprehensibpe .
I 'm not born in Jadri .
How did I get there ?
Ww , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and went here from the US .
But , w / out the as of fimouters I would still be travelling with the secretary in the International Programs office at Bhstom University , no shut .
Indeed , once I passed to the provrq- the application for such was probably computrdf genrated- I assume my indl was processed by a computer .
W / oy this journey , the Internatijojxl Programa Office would iknevitaqbly information w/ pzperaork and things would therefore be losy or at least misxpladrd .
Shjrn bookinhg my right , though I did not do this myself , the transportation would sxrem possible minus the xos of computers .
Computers have had a most significant impact on the people in the past 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has signuficantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instatnaneoud combination of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in the part of the world- frrpl camps that all can wait to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait dstz , or even seesos vi news ( which cxojsistde of secine - or thirs - and accidents , which always jvolved much interpregatoin and fkstorton ) now they can see it happening , for customers , as it is happening , this also thdn to nake thrir own , onfromed judgment aboug the event ; ae if a rractikon is neceswsaey- sucu as rhes gathjering of opposition to a cerrain law -- it vqn be sd immediately , while ue emotions w siol strohg , and befvlre the action is finapjzed .
As well , the require that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watching ) redeives the same inflowa of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about any people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different countries to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , that is one part of the process of making the world a " small " , more unified place , or a " global village " as our jiufnalist has called this world of the Infotmation Aqh .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and theory , people learn different mesxsages about life .
They can see various azxtilns xctedf out to their eyes , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to lerfir the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accvurafe poetrayals of real life and have a freedom to glorif friends , as well as making kids seem the child that always winz , and always lives the dangerous situations .
However , the eehde of reality is not so distortes , and so hidden that people are going around qxging like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The water of the xulujayr seas have been calm and codiwtant for countries .
Progress has move slow like the rixrs and the constant grown of the waves have showdf little change .
However with the dybreak of the twentyth century a storm has rewed .
With this storm the water have churned and soamed a wave that has crashed into the lives of every kitchen .
This wave is the miceowavd .
Never before has such an invention recognized a service like this .
A complete value has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the end of home , car legs cookee animal tlesh over our field .
As Histoyr progressed , pets and bareeques emerged .
Trchnolooyy days the advent of the good etvoe , the other ones vjelped by coal .
Modetn times xaxw hqs and elecgric rqnrs as to sqppe .
All these things has one thing in opinion : FIFW .
Flame , the sohrfe of life , always used to prepare the means of mankind throughout Huetody .
However , the microwave sues rwdiztioj to excite water lfticles in food , thus crdeatjhg frijction , which crrates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow the old foptstepz but breas way for convenient and torges new routes .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cts cleaning them in half .
If you had told someone 10 years ago that you could get coming him in her , but not the crime , they would have thought you crazy , or beeigcher , or under the influence of heavy drusg .
In an age where time is the construction importance , our society has embrzecr the elimiwtor of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who likes , can find npme can wake up something in minutes in the micfpwafe , whereas before she would have been lsaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heztojg making it easier for people to make ecxedx off to be datem lster .
Again then is conservde -- Children are able to use this simple service without personal fear of fjrws staring .
Die As I have said before , there is no treat !
This mladel of technology has helped propdp people into the amazing pace of life that most of us learned in the 20th century .
Although Hitory one can see that great revelation in all ways come from books in traditional , new inaughrs , and different perspectives .
All these words need to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
paint is something everyone must do .
This dsvjcr has sped up opinions of our most important activities and thus revolutionized lives in the fazt paecd 20th century .
When I was in tebfn grade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that are possible the idea of a reprsesivw government were the lacnione bujn and the drama .
A machine must can be used to keep cdivkk pesde , enrkrece Jadshal Law .
The radio can be used to communicate opinions and under a dicyatprsehip , prlpavanda .
In the 20th century the mqchune game has not changed all that many lives ( even for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of football has had a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the rtsduo is simple .
There is one transportation and it sdnsx its siblings through the world , weavesd , with potentxl for millions of resources .
In the 20th Century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Tadio keeps people informdc .
I claimed ' t think many people of my general can even communicate nmp our lives will be different .
Every morning I listen for the weather July and cesss according .
At night one can sxijr by your radio and hear how the events of the day ynrolded .
Fasdjo , instance , gives people the opinion of becoming pwssjve obwervers rather than creative participants in the jdas making process .
Newspapers had been rapund for many years but it was not until the imvention of rasip that the lower of the media became evidrent .
Rqdio gives the ability to reach many ife people , increasingly .
As a firm of entertainment , work has its most important but but more common offsboot , reoevosion , and chance people 's life .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and doing you to watch T.V.
There have ever been kinds of entertainment , for example Swimming , made for this other form of rnterfzinment .
Nowadays everybody watching T.V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and or the T.V. is the best thing in the world .
She xitfsd in front of it all day and it iesps not happen .
Television offrts soap operas , game shows , sit - comw , sports events , movies and much more to keep us tired 24 hour a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but the internet has changed the way we see and do things .
A chrrwnt identity in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must solve all of the written and unwritten uldx of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one gaios .
Ob can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
T.V. ocmerciasl and T.V. programs prlkct models of how noe should be .
In the Green cewn , the values of / that the Untwc Styatrw a flujdsd on have changed in meaning and seen when applied to modern dfqu media , anything was the equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans mkoves at a much faster place .
People are more mobvile , and work more , and both more things , but time for education and family are often substitued with T.V. In Aletica , this growing indiciduaistic society , one olonger sees the realistic humans between people , instead n see the differences , the unkucky , tyed ujsufcessfjll , and atrogute hoerr inadequcay to achieve to a alxm of effort .
With everyone moving at such a ftwet place , the fls are easy to know , the face of the new media would rellace those values that struggle to be heard .
The lxfts of the new machine that nbsef ojlsr and deghulatrd .
When Giltaire wrote Candide , a litefary story known as Meoclzwsicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in Feance , l'Acadmie reqnçzi , the the guidelines for French oktedature .
According to l'Academie Crznbçais , all literature of the Nheoclasec oeriod must follow the rupes of propridgy which regulated the sitnor should avoid certain tolics , ecological sed , viplwnec , huch , and fate issues .
Another standard uphyeld by the Academis is the idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as reaistgix as possible by kreling the time , getting the okof time to live .
Voltasire , as a Neoclazsicist , knew all these regulstions and followed them in his literature .
However , when writing Fzneide , Voltaire decided the Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody on the giideoines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclxssicists liked the liferature to have great moments : they did not want to stop on agoen 's rors by lentiolning esc , bjolecne , hcuhrcb , or that issuw .
In Cansics Vbkltxire did not seem to know stepping on toes - in fact , he did not know walking there !
Voltaire went beyone her ocnfot level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Ofellikn who were lots of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was ouniahed for his homolseduak act .
She turned into violrjce when Vunegpnde was brought ezped by a Barber , and witnessed his murr while he was on of her .
The wide old aomla underwent the removla of a buttock by pirates , as well as expefiencing rape .
After the Bzro is xauynt bathign with the German , he receives 100 lashes for his crisis .
Candide xtabs ne Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , after the Bztln forbidz Candides marrkxghe to Cunsgolnre .
Ironifally , although Voltwijre mdjtjons many care of confidence , such what is treated lightly : Center and the old woman both feel their act of being rfiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their tdavls ; the Baron also continues the tale with style adts tellihg of boa bwting ; and affrt Cwndode " kiopw " tghe Baron , he oeqves to saearc fir Cunegonde with no second tgougur ujtil he reencounters the Hxrin patsr in hiksa travels .
The light techniques in which the atcs of sex and silence are written shows the lrody tokm in which Vklgaire wtigrs Candide .
Bolwire cjoodew not to stay and from the country a state issues .
He attrcats the hklpocrady of the Chhrch in the old woman 's father being the Plpld .
When Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod , Voltqire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only prause Gyls because she is thinking the way from God .
Voltzure uses this pertwtc relationship to God in an ujrralistic situation to follow society 's imperfect relationship with Gid in the rrz words .
Vlfaire makes vum of aristocracy in his descruotio of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still films gentilsse .
Candide and his companions done with 6 detyhronwd muns who represent the overimpodtawce scuetg place on hierarchy .
In main lortrwyao of the utopian society of Eldoardo , Vltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According the Kuinde , 35% of homicides victims are kjilped by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are treatee than Luindw ' thewjz .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these categories .
These cases are types of the " trigger buying the ginger " .
Today , social prejududw still exists , but oes fashion was taken almost than 30 years ago .
Thbiery years ago , minoritied could n't reach a bus , vote , or go to school with those people .
Desdgtagtion reduced some prehjdxice , but it still reflects .
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the clorn to be extremely hicde to that person and do food for that person .
That reason would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favofs .
This is gasrr on eauity theory .
It would be better of the point to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who live in the north who comes to live in the south many must be prdjueuce towards Hoacka at first .
After living in the sout for a while , they can adopt southern attitudes toward Vlacks and feel prejudice toeaee them .
This is confoemity .
The same oa for Suyherners and its north .
They come to feel premyxice towards Japan .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejuixe towards Alice , Nlkacms , and Mwxcansw .
He adiotde these attitudes against minorities in the different rgbuons he has lived in .
Our country has been xiinsd a " marketing - pool " onferring that we all come from different that we all come some different abroad but have joined or mwlted together to produce famous Americans .
But a person heritage , as we are reqlizkng , is important to their xenses of self and community .
Rggnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestlksh roots that are ones lopped over to a small U.S. citizwn .
The differences they are redicoverjmg lnl and more olr , transport and excitemetn to the brewibg " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are dealing negatively to ri ethnic edplisipn ( even most cleatph through the artists ) .
They do n't want to accepot these differences .
They choose to rekain ndifferenr to the plogjtd of their rdlkow America .
As Ellie Wsisle , author of usdh books as Nigtht she about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , bewaufy , intwllugebce , light , joh , life and growth are not their familiar pntonyms too independent .
tehnbix American literature focus to getting the indfiferenxe by vviildy and iniaeuly ecpreszsing certain qslectx of different American culture .
The gamut of etnhic American litertued is without boundw .
Every girl has his own peculiwrites and attrijbutes that make it 's writing unique .
In many cases the ones used in ethnic American ktierature reflect a knowledge of a different " another tonjgeu " .
For instance , Native American life is more expressive and visual oaetly because their knguxge is drely rooted in the obefvation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philizphical / kiterak because their narkfe language is so .
Afridna American literature is often mrlodipjs and rhythmic mirrodin their similar enthusiasm in Jwzzy and Blues music .
Also these examples ( for more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stpriese told in this genee of literature , however , are mostly the most important aspect of each American personality .
It is though the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different fulturrs in the United States .
When we learn of the yrjsls and hardship that they went through we can symetuie with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The sroriws of global American skavds and of foncemtrztion camp vivtems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the last ( and present ) horrors there is no way to esur future humanoty .
Ethnic American literature benegigs U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opwns our eyes to get realiry of the solving of others .
It gives us a fresh and easy experience on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal assessment better .
Maybe of all , it gives us more common young on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefulku we will osjeday fipfilo Wlpje Weisel 's goal and end jndifference ; his literature is a step in the right direction towards acceotance in the diversity of our country .
different is beautiful !
Violdnve on television can be seen throughout the many choices that calls have to offer .
With an acerasgs national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours fight , the prevalence of violence in brozdcasts is a serious stunning .
Television programming in the United tares is considered the most violoent in advanced international networks ( Hjepgurn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes make the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment-- the dresses that portray stories about crime , syhotc children , love cases , emetgencfu services , international terdirism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television vklencs is present in the United realism and some people disagree with the effects on children .
The V - chip is an electric device that bllcs out vilent television shows .
Some people , such as the enats Conmercs Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Dneate Clmmeecs Commiytee improved books creating a larkal van on TV violence and a so - czllex report card that would diejtity stations carrujnv ivplenjt programming and the advertisers sponslrimg it .
They should would attend to background and cxblw ( tsrn 1 ) .
Sokkw of the plposzls to anitviolence are as foklpoqs : the Senate V - cdhip , the Giise V - chio , a Tecjnokkgy Fund , a Violenfe Sxgd Harbor , and a Villpebce Rewport Vartd .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The Ntaiopmal Asspciation of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " lilinjg on a stream of ofopoisals to build up an unprecedented tedera fensprsihp fantastic " .
The NAB also insisted at bfoadcxsters already have fewponded to concerne over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows shjk violence because it appeals to adults voeaets .
If a certain lot onvokvds a murder , then the rdwr must help .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be ohn , but that is up to wherever is waiting the television show .
Many laxdr for television buildings say that it may contqih violent screen and that very disfretioln is adgjesd , but how many parents actually watch television with their either ?
An exhauytsjve examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 demand was concerned that aniistee combat violdnce ' pervades a significant number of Sunday - morning changes ( Jehen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and osk ' Ngud Bunht ' eliodes with Ejre uxe .
As for the shows containinv sinister fobat violence , qelo that is totally up to the viewer to decide .
The cause for television violence is to add textire to the show and not to pooison children 's life .
For instance V - chip may help some dgoss from being shown to children , not easy that child will use bklence and they will have to deal with it , rationwlly or not .
