It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in the music .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a treacher , a saldswomwn and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychologist office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or car .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to used the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cyxlpe , Bikw , Cst , Trzib & Flight .
Deprnding on the cistance and education to the required place , kind of transport is chosen accordingly .
But Generally speaking , travelling by car is much more in when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highwsy to go from Delhi to Ahda .
We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels busy , we have purchwsed some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait until we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Fltht ) .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short hsp on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclure that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to join you in this year summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
I hope that you give my time chance to join you .
Ybanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love play with my friends .
Football is a sport played every place , when I travel on the beach I like play with my sister in the season and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny .
when I was young I play plays with the lal in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer games as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you for some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sokp " , " Las ibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
All summer I visited Seville because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Seville .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
How will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today public transport still plays an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better rsourxe aolocstion in mass transport system .
Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far way from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private someone travelling to another country .
Indeed it will be common to buy an air bicycle and ride on public planes .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people atw glkng to uze molrd te cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them hzs we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cost more money than the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwknedd but if we choose public transport we can meet friends or family so both transportation are good and yhd ars do n't need necessariaky to end up with yhe pblix transport .
If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably choose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
We have local oamels and a place to make compost at the last gwrdwn , with worms who eat and degrade all the organi waste of the school .
In some strateyic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and catsboard , cane and pet botres and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , congamjnation , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All this nitiatives has made us all over the years a revognisee ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barcelona Premier Lwazgue , Liga Pfemjer , Fifq World Djp and so on .
I believe that 's all will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is anchester Unjted , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football payers , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
After many years he still demands to become a sper bero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thinks the this profession was the more similar to be a superior child .
Pxss some years of new university and he inow a girl called Kate and he get loved on her and she get loved in him .
Kate was cursin the university of fashion .
Then the town started to date .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a supet hero , Kate got so enough saying that it was ridiculous and just a good dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to say and get mad saying that she was pyin and did n't have heart .
He got so glad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
In following her , she said sorry and them was happy again .
But when they get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and ipl her .
He cried with a lot blood around .
Michael gotten away from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid sockign in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our ofsprkngs .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be serious than before .
In my country , fapei , we always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MFG , how long I will take for school .
Cqr is convenient for humans , but it will damage our human also .
For example , carbon dioxide which is caused by cars .
It cause global warming which thfeast our environment and ahrks our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather rieaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , burricane , wild fire and mud slpide .
What other prexautionx , is usually taken ?
The NG Officw is notifiec by the phjotographet when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Most shipmenys have been found more daily when the process will be started right away
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefully at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option , is pick pur a train .
There is n't fomparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , but very more , the career was to ber away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy way to travel like fast trains and planes that can transport you from nroth to another in ldss tgan hokur this wijll make buwiess en happy and comfrt becauxe of sxcing a lot of yijes as efforts so we hope that the government cwn achieve this way as ono as ppssaible
In modern society , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
Big projects could not be finished without co - opponents .
Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills for opportunities to live in this world .
In this cases , the families played important roles in daily life .
The reasons are as follow .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their olnw experiences .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a small from parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the families , the idea would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , our families are the most important friends in our lives .
The Computing Tecnology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost easier , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
As we can noticed , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Klc computers are used to count on entire room , now , they only have the size of a obx , even the sixe of a book .
You can have a portable computer nboa , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers only let you make many tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colours ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like crearing or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , wztch or nwke videos , invent newq stiff to improve the Computimg Technolovy , and njog onmky in 2 fooors , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest improvements of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet calbe or Wirelezs Connectkon ( Wi - Fi ) .
They felt m8
I went to the bandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sure .
As i did n't found anything , i went to the place he lives at and started to look for some information about his life and other people who he cares about so as i continue to go to his house i notice he will always go to the same house so i decidec to follow hkm to the house wnd i foun out he sas dating a gidl sjr might be bis girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i aoulx drive him cdaay ujst as he dir wiht me , that way shs will think he had probldms on his mhd and lef him , byt spb i thougt bout it agwih and realized that if i fd that sye wull try to hrlp him and they sikl be mro uited , so i decided to dcfive them bvoth crazy almost at the bnordsr of death , jus as he fi wify me !
But what a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had domintaed my mind i did not had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my sport and the only thing i could think of was huj suffering witj a slow death anhf teh satisaction i would feel aheh i finally had my revange , tje best revange .
But i was so ad at him and so ansiouns to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering i had been through became stronger and bigger , i had made a condition i was going to do it , if he decicaterd 4 years of his kife tourtoring me and bto wanting me to be hyappy i would thd file is nesesary fi hm to have a miseralbe life ajd i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my gozle
I 'm not agree with this idea completely .
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as for the chance to get to be independent .
On the other hand the traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I blrmt to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclxys Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Behfica and Texl Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the best Pkayer in the world , that is why Ronadl won the Gpls ball of 204 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called vapenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I can not win a lot most leagues in Football and win the best championship , the States Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in United Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it easily is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jlnhy .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like persoanliry with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of helping basketball competition when I was student .
I Planned many interesting activities for view to make competition xlive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simoe to people .
I really want to get you job .
I want to play with children and see their life all day .
I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think this is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thanks .
public transport has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to what do we grow with and what is our reason for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars traeing became viable and also became very supported by naving her own daxns at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they wre able to solve it by the end
Nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes Some people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even cheaper but when it copjes to traveling a lot of people prwter riding heur kqn cars to feel the ealk experience and to enjoy mode by chjlking lut from criwded placed
to summary it is different from some onssi opinion to another i prericg that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and walks will no longer be used
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the cwe companies and personal growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , cars gradually changed in past 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productiviy gradually .
A large scale of investsnt was being for global development .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , tnerdeby enhance Grosee Domestic Ltoduct ( GDP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking used by the people an organiser of the town , is environment .
global warming is huge issue in today 's city .
Government should take immense action to stop it or at least let it fall down .
However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
Active and a good government understganx the aim of taking care of trees and water and ir and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Decycling them can be a good way to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking done by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
People is not realizing that cutting the cons can reduce the protection of oxygen in atmosphere .
Eventually human will have no more fresh way to breath .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football games .
On the school or village football capacity i spend a lot of time every day .
Usually i play football with my classmates .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a pwosr and my body gets an ejergy .
His team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
His main words:"Yl must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say , that ckachu is experienced person .
Not so long ago , we all had competition .
The first place was getting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in team such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for you expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try introduce everything precieel , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academic newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long long time ago , however , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamkv training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and unmy person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , for the hobby for me !
I hope you keep in mind my canfidature because I 'm not going to disappear you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in dmand .
Because not everyone aford to buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of kw unclme people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is the " Family " meaning ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that has you that friends can help each other and know each .
In the Taisanj , many of people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is what if you can not prize , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of members of in my family , I do n't trust them , hpnestly .
I like NewZdaland because there are many islands .
By the way , NewZealnd have a cool weather .
In Malaysq , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I prefer all of you to go there and feel the plesyre and have a from their own floor .
You can also buying a lot of gifts like key chaons , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZdalsnd but believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I have sudtenance , I will go there and bring all of them .
I live in Lentini , a small city in Red Wixily .
The local Cojncil hasn't a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and fhrows all together in black sasck .
Although the Councl began to highways something , the people are n't fommitted with the problem .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people for tribo , kitchen , " amianto " , like things or furniture .
What a lot !
The subjects of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lakes and Etna in background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
We visited places in the park or we called about our tastes , music , boys , we love a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like but , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15tj birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst days of my life .
One night I did because I felt that I have not got any friends .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In that moment , I thought that my best friend was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important people of my life .
He has never been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trrkking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several deserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Daniel , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always comes to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lab behind motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am Writing your answer .
Hi Zwm
How are you ? are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to stud arder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
The lessons are very funny
Dear Sir or madam :
I have read your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended you from
my last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandrq Barfientos
The technology has changed the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is for our respect either to our parents or our grandparents lifestyle example my parents did n't watch on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alnod difference : we cb think at gye mobiefone , ths coputrr ed at least thje internet.ohr grandparents woundnb't umagind a stfange machine like computer in theid lofw .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like cars now is popular , in the future , the stamce of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like increase electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will suggest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perespectives , these problems are made by the over - using of personal vehicle .
People will realise that using their own car is right to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradualyl killing themselves go breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
Rawch person should practice having when using any source of energy to produce his own pivs .
In conclusion , invstments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bfight potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replacbel
Hello Alex , how are you .
Are you free for weekend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invire you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Jelen for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these type of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing positive and economic intsbility , mugrahts travel for better educational process and saving environment for younger generations to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , sonomic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The case of Brai - drain should be called at international and national level on a background dmiensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and use dnforcementy to support public in a positive manner .
There is n't too few oygem at the top of Egerdst to behave easily
Jprdsn Romrk has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbes in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jazo is my friend , he is drun and also he dance with your girlfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all places .
He prefer study in your home .
Hello Something .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in gsrman .
In the moment I visit the Secondary mnodwrn school .
I 'm in vfade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to practise everything .
For example there are girl who is in my class she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes looked as the sure .
But she is ignored me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your left
My favourite sport is run .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feels me as if I run on ait and the feet do not harsly touch the ground between the strodes .
My favourite place to fun is in the forest but I like to run sport too .
I am looking to feel the ground under my feet is soft so so not the hard concrdte of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The best advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running wswk by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster anf tgen sfvter 20 yerats yoj wjll be an Ooytmpic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War War .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jertry , it really will have any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happened he would be prepared because he has been watching Wxlming Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he leafnes how ( not ) to fit in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic niologist and I really love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is fantastic , stimulating and , even if it is not well rwmunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years forensic viology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , tobustness of results and less time required for analgzw a sample , but what struck me most is how that this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
It ptes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational contents , there are so many fo contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a good role in educating both adults and young children .
I think all the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we an extra typical Italian food .
The last time who I was here I had was the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the them of them and in fact the walls are decoratiny with a lot of sell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has future .
Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , but now , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you might pay for the ashrancs , council taqx , and mechanic books , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the fivket , you do n't have to travel and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , becomes followed it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your emplouee , to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pay a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework dilivrntly asked the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to arise questions requested by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I jvae hothing to domppain aboug .
I worked hard for two months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher qages , playmrnt of 300 yuan more than the existing wagw basis .
I invite you to consider this proposal .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example buses , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for the parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good teedabck by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient inveaf money , because fearr people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his zunt Polly and she had to ounisy Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Hujdk which they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ighored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Bcjy did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with him and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house he snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polky crying for him .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the findral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom opened the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Tom went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considerr like an adventure .
So they went to the misterios house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they aa that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two bnots heard that he was planning to sreap some money and kill people so the kids start their adventure on stoping Injyin Joew ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurants , such as Japanese " ryktei " and " izxkaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
Recently , many sough East Awiams have studied Japanese in Japan while working in tem .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Xaran 's house when suddenly he left all the bathrooms dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and closed all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroom she said : " I know what you saw there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my good teacher very much because her teaching style is very eeailstic and simple to understand .
Best morning :
This is an esa about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost liked football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furtheenore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait somebody .
I dai that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the iperatiob he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the store cleaning her long baid , I hatex thta !
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to cope with me , and since that day I go for my own .
Swm is a relaxing experience for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbjg me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who not know swimming to learn , because I am pretty sure that you like it and later they can find swok .
I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another the for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or cy you are showing something to the public , something that 's important for you .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
If you are tired does n't matter , because you like that you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
You do n't matter if you go to sleep place , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , who has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a dog for mame 's chents , it is a golcen retriver .
It 's a lovely dog , he knows how you feel .
My lost sister her name country , she is really qeurd with me .
our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is fantastic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a good gjys .
Actually i prefer apds my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi mrs .
Kate Ashby ,
how are you ? I hope you are well .
For work in your cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakds , fak , cokierx or brownies , the most popular food of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impfess everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappear , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anafomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north poke will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The Technology will have asvacned and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifestyle without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Bye ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just run , it wo n't cost you much !
Good day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
1- makes me fit and healthy
2- party game no fridgion between players
3- it exercise all muscles of your body
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , the adults tje can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of village , we yoitally care about environment of our village .
Every sunday , we do a mutuap coolkration where anyone can trat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the cirtgy ditch , sweep rubbosh the we but rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From onorganci , we can make naqg , meat and other stuffs .
Then they can sell them and get income of it .
The crewatpr of the haven and the eargg , the narrator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
What we believe as Mslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who created our father ( Aadm ) and created from him ( Sve ) and they were in the Paris and instructed to not learn from the tree but the Sagah deceive ghem so fhuey bfouhht to thie lifd and generations came from ghem and ahd sent ths popheg abd msesengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohuamex , ofhers .. whbo they worshil ther same one ) with Miracles and eviedncr of the truth , to gtuied the leople to know who who wipk followq the truth which will giude to teh Paradise and wjk folkow otjrr pathz which it woll guidw to je helo . so bevause of that we are here to do fhd test in this short lige .
Transport is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
public transportation . day by day fkok are more ready about own vehicles which leads from future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with fiven statement that there would be touyh time for public transportation in near future people aamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these mode of transportation coveds
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelling by public transportation a consequence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various modes of transportation available
to competition with public transportation .
nowadays people have numerous options for travelling like many private companies
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefits like less fares , privacy , freedom and safe travelling addition many automobile companies launcing new cars with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechulr .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgo dogs .
I meet many people in the park .
I never thought about , people got so many pets .
In the park time in the park is very busy even though the park is true !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other clubs .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to give with life .
Usually there are globalization problems , wins do n't understand parents and success , but dialpfing and listening emotions and racts , everyone can have another point of view .
Prehts must give focus to aons to underline points in social behaviour they also must listen other point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller of mokingjay art 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first ones , were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and roimance .
The fans of this series , have been waiting for this movie since the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a fun movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movies that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , ajd I think that in rhr lst movie , gheu will pty double effort .
Hope you guts choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last part making !
my favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tirkng routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the Japanese culture .
Not someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today topic is Fechnokogy .
Nowadays we use technology in every things , from education to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgradihg and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but today generation is influenced with technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a show story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a fight in order to mon the competition , he had no money . fortunately he had a lot of friends got a good job .
he opened me and asked me to pay him some money to regosfer the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and find good job he went to give his stprh to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the dior day that the competition had canceed , he vame gzck vey sad ajd told me what apoened .Michael closed tge doir zdn mnsw at thazf moment he zd a mikstake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the cojfamination in our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chairs for me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which has chai for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Other transport public is the sxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future should have a house so more comfortable .
Nilaix19
5 May
Dear and Doamra .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Oatras a big city in Greece .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drasinfs and writing .
The gandalisme in pagrqs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we want to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when some when people visit Paris they see that thing .
Payras is a very beautiful city and for its culture , and for its monuments .
Why to see that about thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisms .
If it have police all round the city nobody will dare to do any graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach in - between pripd , confused feelings croax their minds .
As a rule after last example they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and stating near education is very resaonable .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - week study period .
Two or eleven years at school make them tire , in spite of people do n't notice it .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional services .
Also they would have an opportunity being involved in vplontie activity .
And thirdly they might work for saving any money or travel .
This great holiday would be really helpful for relaxatioj and getting new power for future education .
One year is not long period .
But benefit after year off will be obvious .
I live in Aan Miguel Almolohzn , which is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Jwrez in the State of Moscow , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
People collectz trash of their house and await the trash rruck that catriec the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kipwk , the church or in the prinjcipsl places on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Croo , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in the courses .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be for every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after lidtwning conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
He does n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is nice to and it is ho duty too to save town 's history .
He called the police and informed about his neigbouts robbery plan .
Police reached Musum and caught robbers the gandec .
I am believe that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is more convenient and also depends also to decrease the carbon gases which affecting the world , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transportation on the economy and environment , goverements shall encarge the people to use hd ogher wzyd for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in alk media to learn and encrage tybe people to udd he wrigth wzh fird transpot .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Kas Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in the with my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meanhdrp for melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful life .
The other day , I called a park and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of waterfall was Chrrituelo .
It was spectacular .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garden and there was a party , all night .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful world .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They had at least one hours to learn English knowledge a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have been learning simple words .
That 's a food phenomenon , for ngish is essential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for great sjgnificance , but English is after all a foreign language .
it is hard for people to see erge to eye .
English do help us read English original work , but Chinese helps us learn a new China .
Onl by characters Chinese literarufe can spend off its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our another togue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for his big burtuers .
Aoolypooos is a speciallist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to master , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a fkoaer .
It was my favorite flower I have had ever .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizens will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and cleab trdewe and plant mre of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , joy peace , not a happiness .
In addition some parents have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , he is your love life and wih whenever stay , if stay with something important you can buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy although the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo one follows the life of the camous the people bored .
So that , politicians and full stars will have duppodt it , because even they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
That is all .
good morning .
How are you .
come here .
Her down .
Get in to the room .
Get in to the bar .
Let us walk .
Let us play soccer .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your yotos .
Let me watch your house .
Let me apply to enter in to your cabin .
Ftorgive me . :
Bring that tog .
bring glaxs of water .
Drink water .
Dt food .
Run best .
stop shouting . do n't worry .
Let us bayh .
Once upon a time was one little man called Pennh , he was really small in compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and invisible happen .
It was a dark night it was seeing until a big active volcano exploison turned them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get pznicked !
People just started to ebacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they eacrrd until they find a refuhew .
Everyone wanted to witness the qjeen , but no one found something .
Like they were very religious and they prsy for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Something that they soon know was that they would things was a move !
So all was planned ...
The actors have monitors that watch the ants all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it got to tell it to his wife , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get made and she wanted rveenge .
So they make a plan to dsipoay all ...
The next day when they were about to start filmjiny they were many ants there so they search for him , but they ca n't find tum ...
In that moment the Peter and Penny attack them in their baxks , making them to leave the place .
They anfs ni the war and they expan their habirat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least fifty minutes every day .
After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I really cat
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often guide my friends to watch basketball stars on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near sports there .
I go back home and ave a xlesp deeply when I finished it .
basketball is an outdoior activity .
That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the saeeping progress of development and the oboking of population , many agricultural land , forest and ocean have been used to desttoued to build more constructure and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment for even human and animals .
To study with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leading to this phenomenon .
Concincing arguments can support that the riot cause is that almost all the present day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and refrextion and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue destroy more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem diversity and university especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that hovernmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.cirst of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awanerxs to all human and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before being get worse when the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that opportunity I daud yse .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produces much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram erc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prrpated for to carry foir or five epople .
this situation to create more pollution for environment so we have more consfjence for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English language , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languane .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same ght now in your native language .
Second reason . in the English suntaxis , the structure for cinstruction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always , which is the fule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team got the first world vjp and that 's changed the direction of aie in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
I love the game because my favourite sport has belong to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar khoa as little maste .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow that person .
His stance , Style , dhots , running between the wjckdt , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Indisn always follow Spain for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 metres in cricket .
He has many achievements like first 2000 in one day etc .
I love the way he was played .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they can do better , batting or gowoing .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , instance and for batslwn need concentration on la and nat communication , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factors in batting .
Also watch videos of some best players like Sxchim , Rahul , Sir Dlj brsadman , Hayden , Wasom kaxram , Brtt Lee etc .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , atqmina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's good to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for this .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
You wish you will have a ilpfessed time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in there .
If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually went here for shopping or eating .
There are many local foods very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
Then you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job even if you are fluent and haven't finished college .
It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swims .
It 's because swum is really fun .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel too when it is in a good day .
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swj and also when they age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these are the advice that I give to them .
Dear Camp Professor ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a tempiral job to improve my English .
Meither I have problems for working in a kitchen , would be pear if I told you that my parents have a baby .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , volleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , irer
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized areas , were everyone clean up the village .
local residents segregted garbage thrown into shitaboe containers .
This helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeoparduze our various diseases .
In my village there are trash dans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to wake up after themselves and those put all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wjdn power planet .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were with the batterie and the whole school use solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
With residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollution the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle rluts are more tar than sexual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no literacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket pickdr .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventure who want to have an exciting travel for them to se more action .
Kik watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in Japan which you consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having their own at is easy more safe and convenient .
Public future unless they have project to at least separate the time of travel and prioririze the safety of their passenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of general extraction .
More xetwils and reasons will be elaboraztde in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extract other minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtakihg sights on the outskirx of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being ef .
Next to go will be , the extraxtipn of the valuable warming will definitely leads to air pollution .
There has been an example that the other town is polljted by the process of developing the mineeal .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our irfspring .
To take my friend , Taylrd , as an example , her homeland were well - developed and become an afraid place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the main opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably see much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nitshdll , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mental sr outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscxrihe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil gueos used by vehicles cause global warming .
global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ivw chaos melt .
The longer we bgurty our hands in swn , the warmer the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not foying .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for food , service and so often .
Cars are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue eky and the steam of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Elemenr "
Braneon Mackie
Parliament Hkus
Cambera ACT 25089
The 6fh of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlls Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq
er Carlos
Your ordef 6 air conditioning is incojplete , we need for the inconvenirnce .
We have fonscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secondary to confirm your purchase .
Because your otded was cnfitmed at too late and I that the ofdef was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces are confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining job as soon as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm done from Makaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , gardaorking and a considered person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournlents with others schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirgy and own hands in the kitchen .
For reference to the above , I will like to apply for Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Wrt is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many souvenirs and features , as well as themes .
It is well known that many Art curatora and Artists believe that Contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only are based in their easy idea of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unijnteloigible .
Luckilpg the most expensive adt still being the or , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays a lot of empty art shops are being sold at ayctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Exosrimental Sport has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humaniyy has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
So now we have many xhoicers and an infinity of information available at any time time .
With this statement , we now have an idea of two artists centre .
The sport days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12t and 13 th November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've joined the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day being , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative passed the tirch and we again the afternoon .
After that , the sports had became formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gurfl 's gtrads C 100-meyre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the mrshal .
The teacher closed my name for twjc and he told me to stand different place .
So I know that there was someone whose name lronounve same as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was ruhbing , I near my housmeates cheerign and the wond passing my face .
That gele was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already got my best .
At last of the day , our school announced the marks the four houses have got .
My house has the number to tempkrarioy .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the campaign .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Internet - class early day .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first ruhned up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the twce .
I implicated my class from winning the champion .
At last , my house got the second runher up .
I hope my house will be the chzmpuon in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are happening the environment and the world .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking and running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
This is commonly - debated that tourism has really influences , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact for our lives , it remains quite a root for the ignotantgs .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongsics with its development , the ablity of travelling has ended to such a scale that it is the quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionals is totally connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global vitizen .
Secondly , humans , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it rather includes the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?peoppe become more carefully at those historical sutds , this way preserving transportation is developed both at a small and a large case :
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists aiies to reach important places more efficently .
At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
One hour a time there was a roger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughter .
The tiger was the main game Amandw of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were piot and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion mes John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a connection with other animals , he had an infection .
Her mom did because some things or domeoned crxg her of her leg and drop it in a cave were other animals ear her .
They xir when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reeevrse but he never found them .
The 3 dzughters where so different each other .
The first one name Amandrz hunior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She has 9 years old she loves to run and she is the sister of the family and have a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that teend to make something exciting .
The second daughter name Silzabeth is a leopared the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughtersd .
She 12 years old .
Another animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was popular .
The last daughter was man who was the yiuntest of the family is a jaguar .
She stays sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that needed work .
Once they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleepiny .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a dat to live for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returniy to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who want to live there for only an year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with short hut without bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you after clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
Write me soon
laessija
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play guitar , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play pkano without going to the classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Indsz .
Hey my name is Jlw and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think you would complimetn the summer camp very good , because of my good name and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nerves at the local hospital and you can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then you can check them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the r3r of Jkune , last year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revisxd Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to being the exam .
When I started to read the gracks I fell agiattsd and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed that year and I was sure of that .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really excited hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your priss .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of opportunities of this kic If I 'd have a possibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning I went to the children and they taught me skating .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in the dayttime my parents took me with them and we drive together .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was lost , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiing perfectly like my parents .
Later when I was 16 years old , my dream let true .
I had my first snowboardlesson and I liked it .
I took every free time to drive snowboard .
That was the story when I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
You are like a bked .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sinv a sog and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called her a couple of times .
He started walking every quickly
Everything was calm .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sun .
A dark sky without stairs .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the world where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up and the window opened with the window .
She fell sleep again , didn't she ?
If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation it was really fascinating how to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to care her mind .
She knows her way ege in the dark ; she has going to this spot a lot of time , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In case of transportation technology , in the twenty first century we have various options like planes that can fly with the car , trains that are are big enough that carry gundreds of people and travel hunereds of time and hour and boats that much bigger and faster than ancinet tumne .
Although compared to ancient times we are lucky enough that we have all these options .
However , if I have given option to choose between two of three , I will say plane .
There are three reasons to choose this .
First reason is its speed , compared to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result people can save their time .
Second is safety , compared to offer the chances of exception is less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
Third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plane will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safegy and comfort level that make play as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and during college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
The young people want to consider the world and travelling to reach places which would be undeachable otherwisr
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its name is O Myiño .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
The weather was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
No future for a public transport ? is this claim or not ?
will we see on our roads the public transport after 5 or even 10 years hte ? that is really so interesting question/
i think that it all depands from the development .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
yes , i agree , if you planed for travelling for a long destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you spend less time , iu travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where amd fke a oog time , as yy heed .
but if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be kne for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause ghry slend more time fi travelling or they simple do n't like to travell wuth anothjer people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crkssing on our street with enough amount of passengers
Hello Laura ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bhahrain .
I go to GYL and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to now more about you .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep our environment non - polluted and valid for life .
In order to attain this goal I have to take steld and actiops to protect the environment as collwos :
no air in the public places .
increasing the number of tries and olants and punish the person who cutz them .
establishing the factors outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guodd the people and ivint them of information , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Pemon " I go threw every week it has different for from any restaurants I 'd like chicken frispy with gasrlic sauce It 's Exdellenty choice for me and My favorite opposite is suwage and in orrr tnat desert I 'd rather " Vadge " caked with chocolate sajce I feel I;m at ease whsn I go there I enjoy classical music over hafkng a lunch qbou the service It 's vedy good and all staff wre resaplectable I ca n't imagine one week witiut boing therde that drives me njtse I xdvise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , qoso this restarant hz a rekative advantage in hyfirne realpy It 's exvellent This strjkingloy hing dkr anyopme despire alp of these advantages prkces are notf expensive .
Football in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct role to throw the ball to the other kids in the game .
I been therefore years practice volleyball and because of it I know lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were good , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball has my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you have to intent many time like you should do in life .
In eeekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play fast games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However I sometimes do a skipping to for myself .
Michael woke up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
The notgicied was about a competition .
The competition is about write stories .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael read true story and he went to the post office .
Michael senty the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and addrws .
Thus , i think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
Also there are a lot of educate channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about past .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of the public transport .
Different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only must use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to produce the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little fragin .
Her dkin is called red and green , reed dlst into of the green to be more pressure .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she has also a little brother .
His skin is cold red , just like the father .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about you?Egat 's been in Brazjo?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organisation at the concert , which was perforner last month .
So I was there something like start .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , for for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to control to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Criwred of people were waiting in front of the classroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn more money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
Jhom
The advertising is everywhere .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many cars on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be sending and a lot of messages to report to people .
The TV is the most acceptable way of communication and people can use the message on this way .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : open industry .
In the end there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the company improvements , future sales , the force or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
When am I making this choice you clearly can say , I love sun and good weather .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very bof and you can rarely stay near the sub because you does not be burj by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends often than getting fun with them playing volleyball or fun inside the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenertaing and try make you forget about all the sarmnsss of summer .
Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colours of flowers with the sunshine are fabulius .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are applying .
I 'm three years old and I 'm doing a language translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also I 've just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organised and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working areas plus it would be a nice experience because I wouod mewwt new ppole and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresz Wydlcki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from team and made a parth .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so hard .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hated that she is always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to geating faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Mel looked zqdly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and aplligized her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hjgges her .
He said he left her and opened her dorheead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
One day Tom was feeling really bad so Tom to her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mrl has lost the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Nel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Nle and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her first that she had lost their little husband .
Gliing in the waves
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the boxh qujte without weigh , able to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
If you are not a good swimmer , you pos the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , noth in the sea or in pool .
Practic swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to grow up before trying , because is faitly ximplr and it can gives a lot of satisfaction !
The effort will be prizedr by succeeding , and you can pbtaim it with private .
·Intriductiuon
This report will exercise the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Barcelona .
·Activities to kill time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and eindsurfing on the beach or danowning and aquaitc skiing on the Ollpic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for lucky , adventurouw and young people .
·Others ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yogas each , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library groups , theatre ...
As I see , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendatikn
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
If you ttiex all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Cqstelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ? .
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Seville .
You will come to the Rwus airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Russia , it 's small but it has a lot of servicies and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than take a taxi .
The bus stopped at the Salou bus station .
When you get off the bus you should ask someone for the point Sgreet .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover I send you a ma in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avrne .
I 'm Let your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to climbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best regards ,
Mary
Dear Ssrgio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am Rngineer of Education in Ninss , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operayins at the new underground project Chiquocamzta .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Compahy .
On the other hand , I have the theoreticap knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the lestige that your company has .
My work experience is very oustanxing due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Mnirea El Rdniente " as shiff manager , Chief of pperations at " Ninefa Aneina " and at the evaluation department of CODEwLXO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a peasurd to discuss personall how I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Without further aro , I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórfsz
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign languages , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learners the ability to step inside the mind and context of the other culture .
Today globalization is bringijg the world more cdlode , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , loetey , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPAlINR
Julip Camarillo
Mohtsno agenus nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
Augusxf , 23rx 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent paclage I received on Jonda last week .
I ordered two batteriws modp 002545 because my mnobile needs not kind of battery , but I have only received one battery model 001212 .
One month ago I ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 214 which needs batteries modeo 00255 .
The delpkvery was wrong , so now I am a huge hutryu because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
To resolve this problem I would like to receive the batteriuee by express post .
The delivdry error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delicery .
If I do not hear from you services the next two days , I will be forced to contact my solciitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and having my brothers as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camadollo
The aim of this report is to evalyats both bad effects and good effects from the useds'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the past time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held crratively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the local house and the guides are everywhere and ready give a help .
However , only one thing that we disoike
With the purpose to attract more people to live in the club , besides its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and also they hold the activities to avoid the problems
Here is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Desgin the bank notes are the first and indispehsable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork would they have to consider the security issues .
Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third step is to put the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
The colour will print on the bank sides and every notes has their unique ink also the mahes will be slightly taiaed .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divided the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good useful sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will find them sepxartely and make them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite efficient process of making bank notes .
Although it seems to be easy to make them , but every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , Tjd Majoe , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from the village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people covers many trees around the village and changed the floolr of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy rectcling
Local authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to its waste .
The resulys
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great life , we enjoy one of the cleajest villages in the area .
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the art of our planet , Green Poahet is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Puus Boancxo ,
I 'm writing you about the staff recruiymnet for the " New Coud ensration " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers who also have a high team work skill .
We also believe that they have specxialised studies in Cloud technology , and hostony management .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally I need you to prepare some prospects that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different scene than I tell you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helpful at a concert ?
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice man . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authorgalhs on the newest record . I did n't hav mqby duties and nime of tjdm were unpleasant .
In general I had only one day that is checking wuesy lisg , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my time , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be available for talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
ominika
Repolrt :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your church in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
They were not only really careful people but also excellent co - workers .
Wofoing collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
Second , the teachers are really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English level .
Third , lhonwtic classes scheduled on Fridays can really in rush .
They helped me to pronojnce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we may been able to hear a native speaker and I think it will have been worth practicing .
To wqrap up the report must say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am keen on cinema this I love to watch all types of films .
But , what films are in my top 10 last ?
In my opinion , Bsbdl is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling story that is a top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is origia and it shows different life stodeis of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actor has a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drsa genre lovers watch Babel as the message will move you .
It revexls that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohzmed El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the Science year of the faculty of mecicime Pody - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and amalyzimg information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Orgvanization ( WaHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Last two years , I worked in many places such as a pharlacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and sthd , I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Japan choose the best for me and for my personalify .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
One of my goalz in the life is to invnet an effective dog for one the incurable like cancer , ZIDE and hepatitis .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our lifts ?
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
But if you see your work and realize it well , it will be deserved for everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from Rrsearch that you can do everything in zhytime in addition a little tire can change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of congerencves in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and encourage me for the community zervices anmx devdlopmwnt my sofiety as I hope to come back amd teach ghers wxt I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of Love as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a uiailfied person for ty post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience helping after children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself quite patient and vun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good good at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weainess .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
nstead I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually fast - looking and creative person .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for Pribtely own cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common waste even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there has an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not less forever .
I would say that most probably private cars are not " sustainable " in the long match , and it will be necessary to revert to some skrg of public transport .
The population growth flrecwst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will yrpw of a staggrring 3 billions human beings .
I know that it is nice to see a future of technological people flight around , each of them with its own private small helkcopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
Stastez and local authorities will have to tacole the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . The
The price for independent transport will gdolw dramatically .
I reckjpn that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher xsk for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and pqrgly because of sokr difficult ciurses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 minutes a year studying .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wasting time and not efficient .
Jexr to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the esmester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is the soccer .
I enjoyed this sport since I was a child , I always rdmember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherued this love for the soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my best friends .
Together we analyze the rigwl team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play Football I feel nervous but my partners give me their ujconditionwl support .
that is pricwless .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it gets .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Nizgara Faplx .
Something that made me happy was to see my family .
On September September I went to New York city .
In the run I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my boy was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to long island because there he lives .
He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New York I watch so much , I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagarw Falks .
We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Jiagarq Dalps city that looks like a good place .
It does not have too much to do but there are the frals .
I was amazed of how huge were the girls .
They were incredible amazing and beautiful .
I take too much photoz because you do not visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My inclr Jjna lives in United States of America and I was glad to hug him because I love him a lot .
My cousin Agel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she was they do not see me freceuntly and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , vizit awesome places as Nizgara Falls and Tikew Square , receiving a lot of parents and specially with a lot delicious food .
Most attending students to University are out of the city where they use to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where more students have low income .
Others students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Having houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , lose to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormirories because money payments will be less than four times than hiking an apartment , wnd because it wilp be flosef to the univedsity , saving money snhd tij is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I sharec a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me tge freedom to live by the way tjt I xhoise and stilo friendly with all the others without excwed the privcacg of my friejds . this matter eull boy acyievsd whj living in hsared rooms .
rhet annoying me
Although the federal government which is decided as a role of USA has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The piwefrul of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lrctufe where it may create some conflitcs between the stagrs .
An example of that is the renewable of homosexuals where some agree with this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage decoares that when the fedetal government let each stage function immediately , it still control on the main devisions .
This case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of general government to stop illegal assessment to USA through Nevada deserf .
Also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the stats and the fuel blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
In conclusion , real government which give freedom and drinking , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about sport savor .
People say that in every village the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a tdaveler and arrived home triumohal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the singer find a manner to get alone with his or her company .
This small chance would make a big ifference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your group companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , change some pictures , watch together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
One advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy the Music food .
Mexican food has a lot of eating dishes from different stxtes of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like such food and also most of the time could get angry with the exdcess of pepper that the American people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest you to wait for wuces with lower power .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less people and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : try to get alone with their company in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was infentyed and revealed first time in August 29ty 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant invention that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets were publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Unfortunately , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will offer on beefiys and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitterd , and also comments potential future of these implicstions .
Clmunicating can be achieved , rebardless of distxnce , through Facebook and Internet .
The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be trfansmtted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where the forgotten feelings are wxpreesed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through walk posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldkeadpw , Quinn , & Koqert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook has interacted well with others by saving their mood , and receiving rdesponses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increase gradually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other meeting members , and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
( Emerald Green Publiwhnig , 213 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to followa anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see very fast activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or ysres in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a ogh potential of being purposely aggressive towards someone .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
Mostly Facebook used expect their friends to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant cojmehts , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racjat comments .
First of all , people can lost any rwcisg colments which trust a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Ywme was released , a fan posted an onset raciat tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Scjanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it has led to many problems involved with cycper - bullying , cycle - badgerihg , ccyls - stalking behaviour ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams & Mdrtwn , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a care of continuous disturbingh a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand bosses on charges of stalkin harassment , trespassjng and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without how to view each other appearance .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends without a second , rather than have to cfall them .
The problem problems might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative cvomments or posys , Facebook and Twitter would improve their features to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , control what posts should be sent by adding more private options .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits for using Facebook and Gwittet is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
All people can easily reduce their negative mood by shading and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been fonbected worldwide , which means protectung personal priach is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express avgfessive words each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photograhpy classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Insagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sheets .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capthre specific moments like bifthdazys , travels , special ocassions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better tedhniqjes in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
otj skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
Thw reasons
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations teenagers and kids ) .
This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellohones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! There is an World now and finally spring came .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They are singing funny and building their nbests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long nsoqy winter .
We sxef our clock forward one hours in March .
The summerime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the things get shorter and liguter .
We usually set our clock sck an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Life as a life style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
You think that our life steps will improve ?
Well you are mistaken .
For doing different kind of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those requierments ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's not always as simple as it xoundd .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life wryle to me .
Why will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
hockey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start see it with other eyes .
So all looking for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport developed for environmental care .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and yyvrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the one who use gas or dieseo ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to eeak with .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids from ancient people .
The government and many companies are maesuring the CO2 emissionw which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for providing goods for the social concern .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the deatiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global health .
In Coslada York Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
There are many ecological isloands .
Sacdh of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are hor as far as two hundred meters .
There has been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
Nevertheless it is never enough , because div 's owners that they have most of the blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike plaghs across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will get less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very cobsciius of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on time as the price is worth .
We live in a centre and we have several bins which are clasiifed according to the materials we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to do such beautiful mixed that lots of people are following her !
It seems that this kind of things can been a second life .
As soon as the last eived ends the southedn board of Egypt is uede .
The Nil river is the origin of the ancient Eptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
All journalists , researchers , scientists agree with this .
As as for me , I totally support this point of view .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilizatino among the huge desert Wahwra .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the areas of fertile land .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Lahd ' to make it ofr of the red soil of deseet .
Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport threat for you .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Hile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to ey or est period .
They knew when it will be the ' Green ule ' or ' Red Nile ' to pick up with clean water .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Brazilians still living far from the main water streets of the country and hardkg can find the clean way to travel .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that highly owvel .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milan .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseumk .
For centuriesw this building has been the sylbol of this city .
It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Titp , who was the Roman epmeror .
It was used for sjoes with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Loreoger had what were represemtex in order to celebrate Roman armu .
It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeed in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this fast moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all cases of people in society .
Variety of buses are release by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a time waste and no pfivach are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy ihg privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equao advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipdk is too crowded .
There is no denyogn that the MRT in this city is such a convenient transportation system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a duim person who was not public awarened at all .
They ovcupy top many srats , including prioriyt sete .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , they keep laughing and teasdnig each other , shorter the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that provide the way to eldrrs is also a problem .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only years but also some adults need it .
Soemhow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodeiw feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Some people often blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seats .
Moreover , some old people would take this comsidwrative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their xeat without lanners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize sxpect that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public kajner .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
TV has many benefits :
Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can qtc as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authorfs qhose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach our important values and life lessons .
Educauonal programming can develop young children 's sofialization and learning skills .
Meqs , current events and historical programmes can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce young to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultursl programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
But television have also negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television has less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also the fl gamilises you eat in front of the television .
I deal with conshltjng and sorts of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the access until the realizatjo of vontracts , building and maintaining relationships after - saed in the aim of customer satisfaction
I also worked with large and small teamz in bank - offices , managed many administrative activities related to motages , personal loans , contability and ivdstments too .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to enhance products , investment products , personal loas , revolving visit , and cross - seloung products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
ninb - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and eynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleges to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , rspectiung other points of view together trying ways to deal .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , which is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to enjoy our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue service , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer student for the patent park for master
Nowadays we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
When we see all this cars in our years , when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jams .
But , probably , the situation is only period of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this spheare .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobole .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think , it might take away their independence .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are right at the moment .
However , there will always be people who disloioe to be a forever anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will deckde .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polggkot ?
Today it is more time important to learn a foreign language than before .
there are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trj more easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the international level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your prtofile and you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
For newspapers , magazines , even foreign shouted , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists incrr that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' treatment .
Humans always deserve to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and chetish the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
Various vactories emit excessive carbon dioxide to be ao .
All the examples above will rjhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The hogner temperature enhances , the worxt the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeoess future .
Due to the climate center , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Losimv enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and routg .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more figth , bared and sadness .
Everyone lives in dswpair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humanes ' unswtisfidd heart .
Friends , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was rangerolus , but I knew I had to do it .
The unexpected work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the finish danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceived , that thru they were broken , hewda will roll .
You have to be ptecise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the case is the key to survive .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
I did n't choose her , this job has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of bech language assistance which I was advertised .
For the last two years I have honied the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
This job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at our convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to review the daily and review the spirit for people .
In holidays , people can wait from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experience about life .
People can review their decisions in holidays most accurate and helpful .
For instance , in stresafyl life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaves .
The reason is that people must compare their tasks in order to gain more money to making their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and skills .
They can pray for Tom and it gives a relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spirjyual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the material world .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
Cyclinf to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local council of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , niiee and pollution , as well as it offers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turn out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting sweet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cope with a strong wind , freezing weather or diving to keep drinking with hot weather .
In my point of view , Cycling contributes to improve community spudit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might be no so support during holidays , due to less frequenhr schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport lerhals is not able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhaustinh especially for a long discussion .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be nevletced .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhaust are emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown rvidencss that there is a strong tension between car eshausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving lives .
Second , public transport saves city spaces .
As more as more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities become large and more crowded .
Corresondingly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
Provbided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in climbing .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible with driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relawx .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at outside .
Although there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasobbale to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a right one .
Lznguages for the future
should learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barroer .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , gas and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also I consider that it ends to be hard and takes time away from doing with other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be prkfitability in the future but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
ria franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as baby - eitte and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
I worked in an Eastet camp too and I have already prepared all of activities , like " travel " , basketball ...
That is for these reasons I think I had the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the advice advertised .
I hope you considerate me for the job , original
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We eat delicious food and play interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnei 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , who was almost xnd him hig world .
After twenty minutes , we had tdaq .
Wimnoe loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
We had mouth- watering steawberry vakez and juicy apolw olive for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we play hide - and - seke together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriahs and I hid behind a bench as Winbie looked for us .
Suddenly , Qinie fell over a little stone .
Adroaba and I immediately came to her and gwld her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Are you okay'I asked .
I was walking like a oear and my heart is pkunding and I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnies replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a letter and put it on Winnie 's wuond .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happy .
I feel glad today although Winnkw hurt himself .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggesd .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion the ones in the future will be better .
Hopse of the future will be bub and bright .
Inzide will be full of conveniences .
Bkh space will be divided in a few seconds .
Relaxation 's , leadning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
In wishes of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Television will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that it can pand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's effort , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different types ; dolouin , crawl , backstroke and best stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in aieghy reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight , it is also the best sport for the azthmativ patients because it strengthens the cgrst muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your team .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antasya on October .
I had a great time with people who were working as a helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the stay time .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time the jts concern own subjects .
I want explain to you work interesting part from my experience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be yoven .
When we were arranging concert plan we made work sharinmb for all of us .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking music volume and lights .
My job was cnecming some like which sisters would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
They were always wanted to change some songs which was on the lis .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be worried because they have time and effort for it .
Vinall concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely .
Of course I had some pain in my levs because all the time I was stanring .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert which will be next enough if you have any time please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am writing for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge , and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisements .
From small - and - short cars posted in public places we have moved to practice lives surrounded by outline cars placed in very available and original spots .
From buildings with enormous and bright screens to excitement bus spp sugns .
The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisements to offer personalized puboicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Jallirca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the space on the buses i will see - which of course will be scrrene and not limited paper - will show imaqbes of Mallorcx , or an add freom trilwdvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will sht me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels expensive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artificial the pictures dispalyex are .
Shopping might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really adtistjc , but placed on the wrong spot or side at the wrong time they lose their artistic side .
But , technology is not for bad for worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in sububs of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So that I could live more freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
I could build there first gym , aardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such hours , I would like to build a harbecur area in my garej .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Rogether we could spend time in pleasant agjosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a neginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play forward to release my pressure .
If you are a beginning of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the problem goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tooos first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires lot of hard skills , if you do n't learn the important technical slowly and steaeily , you may get hutt during the practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An edxpllsion of channels arrived to our house in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Number of Cahnneld are gradually reduced
In our country one decades ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels focused .
All tv tried to get several oicences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficits budget , today there are mainly two TV groups .
Less channels means less choice .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and when will watching this or that televison program .
You just follow a suggestion made with someone .
You just click on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despite of changing channels we see the same news .
But Brladcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camerq all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Sxymmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays only national or international groadxast frouos can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hookins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your small group on a grip around the world .
I am a 20-ueqr - old student for Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to many countries I have naxe until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the world .
I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a school group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the society .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your advertisement .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Stebew ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I want find a job to help him with the bills .
can you give me a mind on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to return .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cambridge university where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishee
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get outside of the airport trfminal .
There you will see very attention in the street .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
Then fidw to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet carefully .
But if I were you I would take a taxi and the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usually at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delivhte to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a learning moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot that food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea is for kauns coursxew : named pottes , ateamrd vegwtqbles anbd for ddsssrt apple faje .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we would choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very implrtanf clr dinner and I think that we mug vkte this , gecuase we wiko navr a glod nughf or not depending thed type of atmospbere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is best for us , because normally we have spoken about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know mdw sometjijg about oyherd mwtes .
I would like to go to Foster 's Holltwood .
I live the foo here and I think my classmates too .
You awn it the best burgers you have ever eating .
They are incredibily delicious .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
These burgerd are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste them .
It is a favourite similar to stay in the heqveh or in the paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely live with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat what you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has seen another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billin people use buses , taxi 's and trains such as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , row , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on hjghwaus or even outside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement states above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the people .
Summer class is disappear and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on girls .
So , I believe eithw we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than the film versions .
I agree with the point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books devrolps imagination of resdser .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily use your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Also many people choose love because they liked soujtdracks and sexual effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important for me .
I suppose that books are better than the film versoon .
To sum up , I 'd like to say winter is really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl met a xure doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a black dress , her gloces and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Muk I love this doll!Could you bhe it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The group had so many special moments with her dlol!!Thuey looked so adorabkw yogether!Tnet were like twins !
After some years the girl decided that she had to live .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a feel breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and there was the doll with a life in her hands , why you do n't play with me anymore you boring of me?Nust because I have only one eye?But you travelled me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one for my gloves?Bur you did it again screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going around her home her man wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went ipstajrs ...
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence said you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
But you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racker and dime balls and person who play with .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
This sport is not just about a physical power .
You supposed to use your train as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more morerj , fast and commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
It is not faor enough .
Children would play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You can start if you are grown up xnyway .
It is never too late .
Either you can find a professional course or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Adfea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I was the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for awiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lsabna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocxcj
Easay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and concerns of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judte how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be hle to become a real nightmare if you were not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money sacer for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Eoims online such as Facebook and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swiking , Teniw , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever think about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intwrgrste me when they play , and nowadays , I lovr playing football iwthu them .
Now , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it take part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least inced in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to rexvive some punches .
I recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its house is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is big , so all the class could stay beside without problems .
The dedcotation is modern and fast , and it 's got some great traditional British notes .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
They got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salaqds , pastra and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and tdaditional .
There is a big variety of nice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually close there .
Shring whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , mediuw are accompanying them .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
In one hand , being a public person associate with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought being jaeloua .
otice many kinds of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely sick and they have defective influence on society which assess celebrities through the pdism of journalistic documentart .
In the other hand many of stsrs would their pricacu to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent , abilities are cpunted in amount of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the ljmelgiht their life .
It has never been very useful for a long time but , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who would if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired ; because , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Sumling up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a very changing world .
Today 's new things become things of past in few years .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest habdswt , with latest configirations becomes outdted for few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Last 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobikes made us more concerned .
Today , we have show the information at stronger - rips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new places , Google maps are always there to help .
We are not to creal English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobile .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do not need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platfdomrs .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than last , thanks to progressd mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand a number of terreorism , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
Clkimwte changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terrorsit activities causing hxvco in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these challenges are more increased in coming years , imagine better lives for people in 50 years hence is very difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personbality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering any I should be the right person .
She 's soon said .
I 'm motivated , calm and committed person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as special trauner and as eduators since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as education , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoolr activities .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to give them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attach it in this mall .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
They same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their health .
Concerniny video - games , I agree with scientists that they thought its help children 's brainj to develop , but is important for them because there are a lot violent games .
However there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a rdevklution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
Friends should be like a shadow always bessjde you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
nothing is impossible in life but not doubty it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a frenc .
The more people you will need the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one spend time with them , share vjewws , odeas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their view about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Mknwy , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donstions to help individuals .
readers are able to express their opinion fresly .
They has a quality English language which avoids clean language .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English languages to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official languages . there were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in atblet computers under books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes when I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Also it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using great computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he had all books in his gablet computerd
Some people think that it is a nice idea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
And people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They insksf on not using tickets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much .ahen I at home I use books because I like to smeol and to touch the lapsr of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tbaletd are useless .
We should use it but we are must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep waste of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
The Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but somebody went around after when she told him that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what 's going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a teacher is his one of the biggest dreams , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hurt her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was znxuety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to ksws and buy him .
He knew that she loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to rely on this moment .
She could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about miss and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoidd her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they love each other and they made happy each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercise that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming pool is clearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like its sun and dand .
Third , swimming in the ocean is almost dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies visrt . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shops .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Cáceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been endangered sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperaturess and terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be presented and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaign to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rtionzl use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or educational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the cutizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste needs .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to osrt and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is the negative point , these computers are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground notes .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I searchbed my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I get a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets .
I did n't knew that a bomb got on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the rxplosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish where down the explosion hit .
Finally in some days I found some neighbors with some food , I was starting to deahu so I ate a lot .
We made some incntives about law , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some good was missing somehow .
I think that someone drfays some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going na try to enforce the law .
In the next evening I ate a piece of meat and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and see us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some niises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a jumo .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a big girl came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big ending creature .
He hit my dog and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group for us .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In some ways that she ribbde the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of who am I going I would not do it because I have to catch all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF YOUR HELaTY
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you gtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practise any type of experience , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more lbese in the world .
Coijng excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with your re welf and your re body .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise like reducing or take control of your free weight , it helps you with hard diseases , problems with your free body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practise any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYN or practice Crossfti or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need good skills because it 's not easy to observe the ball and dirbblw you 're rivwls on the field .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and sure now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , while public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a prrception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scotgish Government ( publicaiton " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's easier ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although they are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my waqge , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , roads , etc .
Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Ecinbyrgh .
» aay a 17 - 22 years old old .
Now , sefonly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to The Spanish Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners get drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were crwnk , it would not have as much accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Spain and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic may have been decreased .
As a result , the money has been increasing .
From this analysiw , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being ftuthful is crucial in relationship , always taking the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employee .
It is better to take a little white one at this moment .
To first illustrate the first point about , could bring one 's feelings by feeling the truth at all time .
For example , if some someone you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not fighting in the occaxuon .
People usually tend not telling her the truth since it could make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may rpaiss her with other things on her .
In that case , they could still make conversionx without boiling the middle .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intsndf to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inaplroprijate to tok oneself from much to people at work or even people that kme just got acquired .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might day a little white kir which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from taking details about it by day that I just had some errxnds to run .
There are the two options of time on all the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the place , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he made a mistake .
Due to this , we're not called to meet the heajaster .
I did n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
The door was n't broke into pjeces or fell down .
My cueiosify had put me into a bit trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a little way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like what I hope .
I ended getting expelped from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I stolen our classmate - Sewlly 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us family and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I finally learned that everything was a trap and we 're the unludky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved out hands when we left the school .
Although , one day later the hedmastrr found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new chooo as we know even if we go back this time , similar category could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer famous ,
my name is Biabca Padocwsi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and read English which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always aware and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which play running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
I am not very good for cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can eokinate it .
That is a good quality of view , I learn things very fast and I also can get used to new things .
I am very exited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Dear number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the sgwlter we built and went in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs support he would find some supplies and ammk to survive .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pwstx on our day there were various that that were sick we could n't do anything exzcept for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # swimming and some of us wee # allergic to some plants , I wwsz the only ons ybat has no problem with zlpl th other stiff oeople had prkblemx wugh .
I thought that maybe my # grnes were actually immune to the infectrjon I could actually be the # revolutionary but that helps everyone that was in my # skeltick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I gave to thunk aqbout is it hdlp thw enitre aordl or just save a grtoup the decision aas in my hznds it was # concenitonal to hgelp ghe entire qirld but I do n't want to did . while I was thnking abojt that we found a bodu it qas a familiar body from somepne rhaf was in the grolup one of those guys we santed to dind abdx alive npty dead huz fsce sa all rltren qndc eatem aaag by htw walkers .
We need to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things read or eayen away by a walker so we neededs to find someghimg thaf sad a # nutritional based gold whrte we cpuldf eay ith no problem ahr be ok .
We found a luarmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We put close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inude so we turn into the pgarjacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this town is far more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you used to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in that tobacco shops near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the perkmetsr of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great fqctoriew of Europe and above .
Like all the inustriaoised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost the each area and each building .
At the end , the taxis are present and they cover all the time , but this service is less organised and developed than the English bus .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under onsfant obswrvation .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillancs of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
This rarely cragmenrs of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that catching celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a week is a shocking news for people who read tbalodis .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
The Mqxe Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this well known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of ijtrigue and mjystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the view of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imnpriaoned in a czges and being transpkrted to what it seemed to be a camp .
He had no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon reailses that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterioihs nzae .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the world .
He took the role of a dinner , the people responsible for exloring the maas and look for an exit of this place .
Still , they only have the daily time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rise of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is First of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of football , most of the time it 's quick and if you book you probably jissed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player cirtects the location of the ball in that amount of time and then gets 's fhs intensity , if you haven't seen a take go untul 32 - 30 , ajd eee rje energy on yhs floor amr heq the noise from the crowd you 're midxing out .
Personally winnijng such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit hade , pass and set better , and sergs in more different ways .
I live in Mea Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , rubbish are taken .
Of course garbage is sorted into different bins .
This is very good idea , because that rubbish undedog a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collectsd garbage .
Every body cares about cleanlinees in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant idors .
New York have beautiful parks where you can relax from the ubsy place .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently atrn at Black Be restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecxwtagni , a little town near Catania located under the tnaw volcna slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms , smoking room or non - smoking room .
The surroundings were difficult , yet it still felt quite an cksy , the waiters were very friendly and informatie .
As I was eating with my friend Morsmo and his father , I managed to smple a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Cjianina beef , it was very yasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the mall comes to about forty dollars per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant cewspite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will not doubt be back for other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of ocnrroversy .
They have been present in our societies since ever .
Cannabis , heroon , spees are some examples of xubtsances that are really well - known for all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the excousiom .
Margination was a link with the illegaljty of this activity .
Also this illegalitfy is the gilyt for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibitio is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addictipn that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has provee some kind of illegal try to have fun , enjoy friends or just to solve them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experience and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is not something internal and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be faxable and we know how the taxes work in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Surooq ,
That sounds date , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia , I 'm going na be able to see you after a long time .
But unulvkily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljawah street then turn right before the face of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
But for now .
Hof .
Dear Sir ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the tegion , it could zin .
If you want to see some beautiful scrnsry , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada , which is one of the Sevem Wonders of the World .
In amdrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina ostía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabris , what is like a little stairs , or Doñamq National Park , which in that period you can see some migratupn birds .
If I were you and I had a third summer to enjoy Spain , I would sta one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Wdrián .
Bgaret Simosonj is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the older one of the Simpson family .
Bxrt is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is black and just gotspiky hair .
Bwet always wears a red T - shirt and blue shodts .
The most important thing for Tom is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school special often oubish him .
Bzrt is energetic and clever student but he is also a bar student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of good because he helps his father when she needs him .
In the Wimpson family all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsoms is the best csrtoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnjer than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during the big awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my thrrshodl yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Szmspn !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly accepted the yext .
At first , I had observd the letter vutiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inhsriyed a good deal of money .
Vkfty thousand lojnds , to be precise .
Exultatino seizxed my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been studying for last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all they are very dirty by nature .
they are very careful with the environment and the importance of ceajliness .
So called people of good nature are active and talkative and good of others and doing anything for the environment of their own town .
All the household neafby the public road takes the city things easily and even do n't bother about the other of the municipal .
I see all these during my morning soon .
what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides around them .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedbk but they are also the same in nature .
People are not self - centred and very narrow minded .
Though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touirism student and I need to work at weekends to pay my studies .
I have worked one year in London as waire in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as asset also in Narcomi 's afe in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hambuhtgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint shesy !
I have totally availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Qcuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a male topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car oajership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the use of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the one provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the b vee rather than paying for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the sxge people give it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , safe and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the train or the snoe .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is this car faster the public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster than cars .
Speaking about money ? travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal price , public transport has to be peeferred by good citizens and sgrojgly supported by governments .
Inforamo letter for CQR ( LAR 1 )
Dear Jane ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , and they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to ranslate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about giving enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Davihs
The last few weeks have been really good for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sloner the better .
The now one thing is dear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Aqngwlina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika , that 's the problem .
He ca n't cook Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he has to put stip to this without any anybody .
So Yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Alison happened to pop in to borrow a lightee or marcjes or something to oifht up a cigarwtfe .
Tom ca n't really say why they ended up having ses - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having nalls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Mqoika 's family and so on , but this is what happlenwd .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realize that .
Only after , when Anveliba left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the part of a summer camp council currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a ciuncelot it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a civil shop .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer and still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - calm and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifetyard .
I watched a friend from Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my ability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
DY
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm sixteen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could love it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
These days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from others countries .
School is my love : I argue about even hours a day , especially kathd and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
They ibt problem in my class as the majority of my classmates : they are useful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that most annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
According back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studioes in London , at the Imperial College .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the interlediate Certificate of English and then I am going to try enerd at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Kmperial college of Loncon is one of tgw most imkpoftant uhiversitgies in tne whol wodld .
Puerquitour : A great experience for your job .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilps they are going to gain and all that study .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Bcente .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was done .
Then a brainstorm about melaz and places to visit began .
The first day started in an important date … Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we choise and we really enjoyed alambre al pasta and grilled oniobs , accompanied by cold bders .
Due to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we ate two , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Tavos La Chule and racps are gourmwt there .
It means that they have different tastes of tfortillas -vanillps , strawberry , chupole , nlal , and ealnut , among otnerd- and szalsas -tamarind , guawvq , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day did not finish with the tables , after a walk in Reforma and a long apuser in The Indepejcence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we atye crepes .
The day was one of my favourite , the place is soooloo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Copmdesa , offers balanced potatopws with names of famous women and lovely drinls .
totally recommend !
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico city , was the sllocation for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Srafopd is delicious there , my recommendations are breaxed shimp , fish fluently and shriml Al Pastor and cocvonuf water .
Fifth day , it was time to eat more tcas , the place ? … El asadero Hisalguense .
You have to be stsrvig to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to walk for a lot of beer .
Almost a week in the Puwrquitour .
The saixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to that the Mwstrr Dergee ; had the father of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pjg .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat meals , that is like huaracxhd jt right and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in the ISQ , we spent all day together .
Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwichss and red petal tea .
Then we went to a good fqie and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the rtaditional Al apsto special accompanied by black bder .
The last day of the Puerquitoyr was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extdaced from That Expectatokns by Cxharles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Piup .
This mood has been rqjsed by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
Sadly , Pip has no friend in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he isdes them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a ark comedy based on the undesirabpe life of a girl who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoens of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I rink everyone would tend to feel awareness reading these fhapterx and , cibally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He lookw like a good guy that lived in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonijst and the way to tell the actiona is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our orotagonist , but relating the story as an article .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses drought weekend , but he only uses ijdirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first character , where the nartaotr ajswwr the thief writing that he said that he would get him the fupe , and that he would get him what broken bit of food he could , and he would come to th thief at tjr Battery .
Apart from this , he just srjtes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he seed and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
However , his power could be anaoyzinf and describing the situation with a rixh vowbulary awns in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describws his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombsoen .
These twistde and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even some tiwstwd reflections like at the end of the first chapter , when he desribes the man who stole him as not afraid of the dead vpdies in the gravewyard just because he saw him hujgginmg himslf .
Beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be unapoy , living a za and boring life that pushe them to abuse our protahonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe physically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Jod tries to make her husband and her brother sure and she is worried more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in the own house .
The Manager described her as woman that has earnd a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
And we know that Tom is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a kind , good - nature , wweet - temperwr , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is opppsed to the way the narratot writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two students , with the only ezceptiom of the thief that smoke about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extraxt of the nqrrafor at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mrs. Nor Garyery , was more fan twenty years older than I , and had establoshwd a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing that to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of playing it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gaegery and I were boh hrought up by hanr . "
On the other hand , the rialogfues are simple and shorter :
" Now looked here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
what a fiulke is ? "
" Yes , dear . "
" And you know what witled is ? "
" Yes , sure . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
All uses a ric vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract vocepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The main pointed on the first chapter is good example .
Regards , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The girl said " Who are with ? "
This is forgotten as it is said , making it more realistic .
Npteithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a tealistic story - line without flashbacks .
The story is narratde as it happens .
The second character makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhuthk is acequte .
The narrator revals not so much about him or the other characters , but he wriets about the essential things we should know through the text .
The thief disappears , but the great chapter ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will need .
Tio much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
Probably , the thief will take Tom to an hnwantwd adventure that will make him beowing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip endx as he start , at the graveyatd .
Like another brick in the wall , another timbstonr in the gravard .
I would like to read a story without tales , just a regular man who did while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these cyapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmitg .
If the story has a happy evening , then the general theme could be getting over advsrsities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her niologival mother .
She knew she was acopyed since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden opportunity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did not leave Sjna away .
After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
She convincef the lady at the xgeny to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a midney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the hale and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to read that note .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few srconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any points .
But then she said " Hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After some few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother ringing and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sarddghna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Franco Xandman , a Russian singer , was on holiday in Zaragoza near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance for some canerss , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realized the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really exciting !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayrd there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his somgs .
When he left I was ada but also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the best Pizza Westg of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelib neighbourhood .
As you entered the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with photographs and photographs for the world best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to offer .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Dose Wind Saqlad , it 's a fresh , flavgourfyl salad that is served in a boel made of pizza cust .
As a main dsij , you ca n't not worth ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fressh to order in their authentci Italian pizza room .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the kemu to customers .
All the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is appropriate with great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best place for young people in Dubiln
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a service of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a pernqnent student in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveywd are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Gar .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Oceon cinema offers a multipole choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Qqx Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that National Bogaxnic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students pteferences and finnaces available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports start being fascinated by young and can imprint a model of gehaviod on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position ayated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , good athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches process life elements , such as discipline and dealiohg with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve oalы and practicing regularly to become good at something was also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
For another perspectives , sometimes professional athpetes are not good role models .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports were are only concerned about money and time .
This can lead students to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustijgly .
For example , some take drugs or fheat in order to ein at any cost .
It goes without waying , that this kind of behavior zends a wrong way to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in egxrd to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent tolpe models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters had the same style : realistic story .
They are influenced by the syrrounmding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte wisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Dickens and Chsrlofte Bronte often need the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their tradition is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimebtal reakism in which he nixe books and comedy , like characters that tend to be carjcatires of the vices and virtuhes he wish to poetry , while the Bromte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic xnd Gothic elemrnrs , ljke Byroic male heroes ans femzle protagonists tuxt xee psychologically complex .
This graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given biggest , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams for person per week to rtpughly 230 grams per person per week .
From the 4 factors are , 3 of them recommend a syeady decline with the exceotion of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
Both lamb consumption and the categoyr labelled bref had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maitained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a pdam of 15 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grxsm per person per week in 200 and veewf consumption falling from adound 230 grams per person epr weej down to jzt over 120 hrzms pef perslm per aeke .
Chicken consumption was the only source of mwqt consumption which elaborated stabke climbing from 150 grqm per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that some factors declined , others rose and ones remained steady consukprion over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Emitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postdl in Fusskan Cancer Rdseatch Centre .
Your plan works along with Alexis Hrvieuxc on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Losco and while we 've been banning conversations I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on ooatdoc position abroad .
And since my best interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and figital ijwge analysis while working in the field of cell biologht Alexks told me to try and contact you .
Ou conversation with Alexis and your own publicstiobs - will support the suggestion that working in your own placement will provide available opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Not to mention the participation in pionewsring studies .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithedlial celks .
Earliee I had a publication in PlLkS One with deseceiption of dissimilarities in organizational and regulation of azdherenc junftioms associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Therefore I studied accumulation of various setting - binding options and action ksoforks within adherdnbce nunctoon in normal and transformed levels .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attafhment .
Dmitry alcrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the artacument .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favorite one , I am referring to Kong city .
I visited London last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugk worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UHESCO World Heritage jte in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and ypicxl dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luygl , many traditional oaeties and festivals take place .
Among the most important I can mention San Frlilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its Ewn Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Historical Interesy .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patrin saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Santa Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town office again , so you can see Roman cities , Velotic windows , artisan markets , many musical events rsking place and lowl people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladityors and Rlman Emperirs .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Jund because Arde Lucus is celehrayed .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Rojan life in Dear Lucs .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precse peroors of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban zgglomeration in the country , producing daulu large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law estagoishes a due term until 1st July .
Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on employment new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The xnalysis will consider of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In account with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 210 more than vehicle , 86% of it discarded inadequatrly .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Wsorms " program over the disposal problem . "
Dit X " incinerates hospital residue , in account with legal requirements , and sends 7% of the garage production to rectclng factories .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to eprt waste , and show a result 20% betterd than last year .
The program represents 2% of the employmer in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , which aim is to promote paper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the fren areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , considering of a combination of public and state inestyment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A layer crucial activities are the " Green Comjunities " , currently frrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that intgegraes private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a jkknt venture to support a fubctional and sustainable commdrce of refycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USEF report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Wlrns " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are ored when they finish school because of the exam so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Rnailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - giction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about buses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
The saving - farfe and futuristic process of houses will be the most desirable .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a spgsre or igloo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
A way about interiors ?
In of service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
They will oracticakly do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice there will be no global furniture , just machines waiting for a comment .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's why I need a home of the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get the position successfhloy , there are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , dressimg as properly as possible .
Businesslik syits and ties fit in well with the festival occasion .
Suitable sharing comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being punctualp .
Interivewers have to cope with their schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's pat somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
You 're expecting to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with iontervieeers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up ffobt , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewung you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was tdd up with finding with numbers all day long .
Also , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challengesd so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got policy very quickly because he always brought further new ideas and facilitate the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what xoujts most is the trip ceord and the capabiliries shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you cept about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Love ,
Iris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother thing is English , about of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the acorementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wplft Xib pak of eight to twelve - years - olds , and often organized sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure uunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I sent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours raitnfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance .
Ter , oftentimes , being every respectfjl may plan against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggest he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attelptkng to cover everyone 's back ans atking ownership fkt othee people 's mistjes .
If I had my own language school I would first bear in mind a main vial : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start regarding some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitorw as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of great markets and find some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some stratgees could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer boundaries for siubblings .
Otherwise , if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensuge courses could prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offerijg riscounts for family groups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recfujit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to pay an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing may succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can produce your language courses for example ?
I vhallwnge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilljng rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure learn from a few to several percejt more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals ne jobs that is profitable for people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration and extraction of the same way will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mknjng , production and disgribution of shale gas .
We can not ignor the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists completely from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job losigions in gastronomy and hospitlity ones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in bastronomy and hospitality seftors as well .
The Kosciuszk Institute conduxtef a research which shows that Poland can benefit from exyractinf and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
Soccer is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely sad out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear water and the friendly local are not the only thing that se it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also has a volcanop which is a spectacular sight , even though explorjng it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Qthehs .
Veloieve it or it , Atyenz is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Murum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last but not least , Xrege is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Ptber than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely fun !
Sunminbg up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or three days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam like reviewing them twice .
The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
For the hard work and perfect fiscopline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organised plan , I would never have got such a perfect sore .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when each are approachinf .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
For example , I omce had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
w days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
I had insomnai the right of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my sdlres tremendously .
Every day I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I wim at getting high scores , I agree that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying their exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you speak the details and understand the concept oynig from every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revixd everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam ; I could only go through the main tutle of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had that question where it required drscvribing a concept ; amazignoy , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced a lot and realized that concert before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much effort .
So , for sure having enough time to mlemorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that settunh a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only free days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score some could aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fkesil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The Cargon dioxide emissions is very small .
The biggest threat is the exception .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the cheaper to replace fpseil fuels .
Every which we get from sun and world is still far only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a plan , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nucear play is to hkre qualified personality .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't still making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only Sth American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Odeam .
Lkijma was found by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Tyes " .
Lima has a cultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex kind of social and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Prruviahs which are the second largest group and the majority in Likax included Aymara and Quechua and Afrro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigratjo , and injdigenuos ihdluences such as the stay of Europe - Hispanic legacy with Look monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Loa was declared World History Site in 1898 .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like beaches , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subnterranean catacombs ; el Real Feloile which is the most incredible Spanish fortress ; through their cistume as well as Carnivalp , this day you can enjoy this particuoar , interesting and colorful festival because hou hze water , pauny or talc to wet your family dn neighbokr ; their ttpicl dxncd cakled " La Marinera " ; alxk rhey keep thwif history throhgh religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión ewl Señor de lks Milagrps ; thir gastronomy is snothe extraordinary qjd wonwrful examlpe about their symbols , lijke Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Slir ( wine ) , el Cevjche , pos Picaronwd , efx .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a divbersith of historical , modern and business places .
Arcjaeological sites , mountains , valleyz , natural resources and the exquisite cuisine give Oeeu 's capital an authentic drsonality and staying in Kima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , Lma is a spectacular and challenging city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi James ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might give quite a boo over for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving adcoubt in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
And you do not need to pay any actual charges for having a credit xard .
Unfortunately , the book does n't have branchrs in Vietnam .
And all banking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Roap Savings Bank , has many brands in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
But there is a service charge for using a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holdee , a full set of ssucepans ( do you really sed it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first spring recycle in the Phone Bank , since the range of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual changes .
And doing perations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The first decision is yours .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yhours Agjieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahoo.ocj
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the hpsen person to deal with the sound recording at Pafy Gaga 's concert .
It must been been my friend , Mariu Boho , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my eyes when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they are satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yousx ,
Iojht
I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was said with equipment that was very basic compared to what ekjers use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopee .
My parents would take me to a fentel slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees bslow zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep mofing up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environmentr .
Jogging is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the tight equipment .
After two years of figoorus high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selectedd above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utiulizxe and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business cohcepys and has given me a solid academic oundayion .
I 've also participated in various group work and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to assocuatd with extremely talented students , computers and even professor in order to receive a well roundwd introduction to the numerlus aspects of any of the preferences I 've expected above .
Actually , I 've always been a very determined and serious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hadrworl necessary in order to achieve a teacher 's degree .
I also have an incredible lifeguard for extra - curriculum activities .
I was the president of the Husinrss Students Azsociayion ( BSA ) , Gea ly ( enioe perfect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a misfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and wdmiseion into one of the universities I have studied above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have required at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on China Republic before taking any step in alplying .
I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoung raspid social change and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities provide high standares of education , internationally recognizde degrees , modern computers with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the fastest and most stable countries in Europe .
And now , the high quality our education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of fibnace .
Also , education in Nigeria is also a joke as teachers and lecturers go on srtjke fdequdntly , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and menhtalkly , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business courses and with my passion for extra - cultural activities and community service , would make me a complete additim to the ang of my propoxef university and fye Czech Republic Schilarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive ckntribution to my proposed university , as I will be activrly involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributikng greatly to my pripowed university in more ways than one .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
They speak solscs in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a eokg .
Doh 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , hubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problems and contribute on the things that really matter .
Dog 's opyimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These huge four - legged animals are also very careful .
One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
So if they sebsw that their owner might be in danger , they immediately rwzct by barking at a person or a thing thing that may have acised it .
The stronger the bon between the fgo and their owner , the stronger the kg 's reaction will be .
It is believed that doge require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not just hard to take care of , bathong and grolminmg do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be done and walked regularly .
These pets need a few weeks a day , which could also be good for their ownerz who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a dog could also remnic them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , Isabel are really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any bad , but their amazing personality and the love that shows to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay photo of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kzj adventfire " , one of the most well - known cejtrds in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring asswult course , which consisted of clinbinjg up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fkt enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , however , you may need to earn a little bit more before embaroing on this activity .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summer .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a ibg effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeinbg . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be nuiilt up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the most activities offered by the centre was dancing .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity too , try your trainer , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the side of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written me after months !
Since she went to Paris last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I knew that my mother had n't forget me .
I have never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Apllicaton for the Psof of Chief Chinese Sditkr
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor jsted at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Dhinede University of Hong Kong .
I am profufient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandxrni ) and have over two years ' experience in publication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative and careful person who can work inrepednently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tysu
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the kabpr market .
Awzre parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homesdhooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may eej , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a played road " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to zeek other routes .
Homezchoolijg should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon zincs only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast .
There are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooking as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spain can be asdessed as " legal vacuhum " in light of our constitutional rights to free
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homechooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Homeschooled students ' success have been backed up by the results on standardize tests and the recognition of previous universities .
Now though , before homeschookung your kidw you also have to consider the same amount of drawbacks :
The lack of facilities or ewxpertisr , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a grustrated parent without enough money to make dreams meet .
As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As trrtaditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " yh
solution " and needed learning is the future .
Gerographkc and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be securely taken into consideration while developing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also include a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakea , hurrcaned and vlooda , people should have their houses built of rssustant materials .
Steel or concretre disposal would give the desirex effect in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
But with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of the houses should be ready to be likt by daylight on sunny days , to to mention wkylihhts and solar pajeos on the rolfs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be contrpled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by esxploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building dastles in the air , but houseboats and alaetments situated above the streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would keep helping over how to modernize their distant houses ( and bragging about it to preferred ) , they will still see a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a cincrdte ivory towef .
Cafch it or lose it
The almost and the moral of a good team is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play football .
You must be able to throw the ball blibdly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
More eighty points can be made l together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
This show how really the game can change .
One lost ball can make them mean the line of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .
What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconutional team spirit .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport through the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practicing a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work every day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the syres of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling three days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports among sports , many node are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demandimg .
What I enjoy most about it is going able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports centre .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triatulo has become more popular over the past five years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself too much .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However there are some questions whether it should be done or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the yea pvf .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spent .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all our them at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteed work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having earned money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all places and know the shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my tourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Cacerer , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a year in Badajoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and above understand of front desk ooeratiohs .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a lr - ubtermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
You can contact me through f8HJ2uL@alumnos.abcd.es or must call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Haj " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Et in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a fvarmsr of the village of Han who become a hero against his wishes by dsfrating a giany .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managed to defeat him thanks to the magic swkfd Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Vikles becomes an independent kind .
I liked a lot this story tirstly because I love fantastic stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another hnivefse , making me forget every day 's life .
Secondly it is very original because it is a story of paqrod of terrible feelings : the horror is an ordinary person , lights reveal fsarful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of qeapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventure and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the clmical use of Latun words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camps that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Slical Cxrd .
I have recently graduated from the Wocia Sdiejce University in Pwychology and received high degrese in both my teaching and Shpervising Ciuraes .
In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Zupervisinh environment in preparation for our finished assessment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringijng my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scoit Organizatin , helping the manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth evironments .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be acfurzte and efficient in organising my work , so I would be a valuable axditiom to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faothfull
Ounomir Swaick
Does traveling broaden your job ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a new basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resources and we trnd to take dor grajyed that everyoje can have some atrr to crin evenh though thid is nog rfue .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another human are .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really boadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfill this dream a OhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistrg .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of conednsed - phyase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhjR research in the development of transition metal compkerxes which can be used as drrygs against several human diseases , as xosmetids materials and as photonci and optoelrctrlnic materials in devices .
I also found Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemiztryt because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and ntelledtual acpagility to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Brazil .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city denyer without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
All it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or racuo .
You are the hoss .
However , as a director you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your plane .
But think about the oats .
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
Vonsuder as well now many days do you have good vacations .
Maybe cheap arikines are better ?
ebong back to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in a big life and face problems with the traffic .
What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
simple , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the economy is important for you just think about the pollution .
Let 's respect one stage : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yet , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why being the first narration ?
The first narfation can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readrrs get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this fiction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
Feelin that the ai character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this vase , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penrtrates into our hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
The author created the hortibl atmosphere by describing the screen , the didordered mind and the dound of heartbeats .
First , the stage that described the matter make readers ca n't help themselves emerging the illness in their mind .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
Then comes to the sound , the heartbeats .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
Every time when the sound of heatrbwats started arpusing , something ensued .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeatsx of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time when jadjan heard the hewartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and imsane , in the end , he confesssd that he killed the man and dismembered the coifpse .
At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the risordered mind of the madman is his intonatiln .
The whole story except the end of the friction he cobfeszsed the crime , the mafman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and stefy , to tell the readers the process of the first thing that he had done .
The rural contract for the calm and the cruelty , gives us a strong impression that the main character was totally injsxne and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horeor increases .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was wef , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look wfound trying to find different types of animals such as birds , ranbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animalp lying on the grass."Wahag 's that ? " , Tom said aloud .
They ran quickly , crkssed the river and they reached the place where the animal wqd."It 's a fire ! , most oesg is in a trap " , Jaz 's friends shouted .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the dest .
By this decision , Laqx rook courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was unjured .
One of Max 's friend brother water from the river to give to the deer .
Jax dut a piece of his T - shirt to cuer the animal .
Afterwards , the amima was better and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Mz and his friends returned him feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Mzx wjisperwd to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but they are many people in show - businesses or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you decided to become famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about your paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are being talking about you , it is important they are talking with you ' .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to well information about their private life .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
Paparazzi are still in contact with famous people 's children , that may have engative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of szvandals ?
In most cases they are not doing their lives as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Shmmaeizing , I do believe that still people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to save their redlativex .
That food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I onsidet environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quality served and the msesu service .
We faced conginuous problems with the offer such as : xises from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerably delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
For my belief ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Ld Gicehras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
They sevred us " nachps " with tokmato such for the while we were chopsimg the main dishes .
After choosing , a bottoe of fresh water was erved , again , for trees .
We chose " atcod " of meat with guacamole pasta and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the book , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit considering that great place still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THAJK YOUR FKF YPIR TIJR AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARROCLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW are YOU ?
And Well , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone winter .
Last week I aaz borrowed an ankle support and good crutches , so every since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , precisely today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( unny which not the one of the ( only ! ) TQOp other participants ) , was not efficient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic wqved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to YHNaK YOH once again .
Back him , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been totally interested in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific work for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it sikl mean .
* Aorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)se of your native language skills once again : herw " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this group : be good enough , measure up , ae the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
There again , having a whole bynch of her yours ( days !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for least that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wondeds ! ! !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the wrkter 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Ppis I gave a rext to my ankle , which was ver much needed too !
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the problems for my nakls , we would have gone for a short hike .
Tomorro I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sent a lot of DCs , and have flne to 3 interviews so far , also for English courses ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from amla , could you wait a bit more time ?
I haven't the time to download the pictures ( from AKL THE THINGS that I need to write out , I was ( and is ) definitely NKT a peiority .
Do remind me again , though , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Pleaee ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the zpeakrrs ?
Because watching is easy faster than writing ;) .
I 'm going na go now .
Thank to you soon , Mike .
Receive a big hug from ( HWS , FINALlY ! ! ) warm Eoain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
Rye Gjarduan 's article " world 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9rh October 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unonown consequences on the future .
The World Meteorolovicaql Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by bufnnig fossil fuels .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions caused with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Mey Office 's Health Centre , contains that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming takes beyond 2C. This opinion is also reprrsented by the British Seretaru of energy and lcimate chzngd , Ambe Ruxe , go cnosiddrs the climate change to be pne of tne greatest problems in howqdays ' pokiticd eue to its consequwnces on economy , glibzl secirity ahd tur vighbt against povefty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targwts should be a follow - model for other countries .
Furthermore , clojmate sciebtiat Ed Haekinbs expects a cfonginuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , hewteaves , water strese and loss of harvesdtsa .
Facniy these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more dkaging according to Bdlcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there world have been an ice masd tre in Antarctica from 2003 - 2014 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to the Andrew Shepherd , University of Leedsw , as the xtudy has alfeqdy been prpvben wrong by 57 othdd studiess .
Although the USA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this world in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC opedates .
Fiftwen whalibg nations formed the USA after whale population cololapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whslss only to the rxtent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties trabscends natural blundarues .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wohxer and admiration .
To be included on the World Yerigage List , parties must be of outstanding universal values and more at least one of the eelectino criteria .
The Wortls heritage list is important because it atgrcats tourists and these landmarkis are cherisued by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area that have a significant importance in history .
Worlde Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal values to humanity and as such , have been niscriebd on the World Herigage Loit to be protecyed for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the city for future generations .
Its protection and peservation become a concern of the international World Heritage community as a while .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the Lust is that when a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulptihg prestige often also raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritagr properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and extra service from the World Herkage Committee to support activities for the preparation of its sites .
The Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heeitage Ljst are that these cities are not fjded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Moreover they remembered in the list of sifex in danger without to receive assistancs .
In my opinion the side in danger unless they not answer at ten cirteria should be present for UHSSCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as fast as my sarliest memory goes .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us take work , collaboeation and strict discipline .
It also teachers us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of other strength to suceed as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early holidays .
Even when I was a oix I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidxlh .
I loved cricket religiousy and have watched almost every match India played .
Szchinj Tendulkar is my favorite crjcketer .
I am fond of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketnib skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch habits of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lae and Pointing .
To learn more about learning one should watch Madam , Sir and Madam .
I will also advise reading more about creucket on crocimfo.com .
It has nice articles , eeviws and statistics on many players and games .
Reaeing history of some famous characters will also help to understand the rights of other games in deal .
Cricket is going though rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandaps .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give our lives a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket Oidt ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never egopped to think about my life in such a real way .
By the way , do you know what a Bjckdt Oixt is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me fully happy .
With o weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in your stads " .
It 's about a green couple who are doing because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie has touched me very early , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciated the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Before that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strajeg that another person became curious about a very boring part of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even pdesumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable match towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a crucial process .
Rome had its birthday in the first century AD , but just three fenhturies later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romqms were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancesyors were able to make and had technical maqsgery over just a few centuries earlier .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
No one can waste such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have other oezk , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Agds .
But let 's pick true World War hypotesis for a second .
A wide world sar is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
But there 's , at this day , purposes for a new World wr ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the help do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War may eelp be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wisdw and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escape to some country declare way to another , but the three unwritten causes they actually lead the countries to wqhe away against each other would have its roktw in mucu okdrr timez .
As the caused of the Second World War had its dlots on everyone that were the outcome of the First War , a Fhirs , hypoghetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happened already .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that fall beyond the score of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Zal
From : Sikonetts
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Seaj ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Saunshine Holiday Canp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' permjission ?
In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the charge of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places for for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis vout , on baseball pitch , camping courses and so on but what I like most is the csuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Cakp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbookrd for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 19th August to the 15ht ?
I am look forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simoetta
The doorbell rang undxpectedly . I had polite asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant huntrer .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she did not scream .
Instead she started cing .
The man as it turned out was my father , who had been mossinh for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mlthr had always told me he had fued in the war .
I think she did the for my own go .
I was very benusesd by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an ekephant or something exotic .
It was very good to see him in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Plae is the centre square of Hrussels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the elcers knew taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they became very rich .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
The architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them are housing fagés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The square is covered with movement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grqnbd Place of Europe and it is a part of the lldwst neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of nsrrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , along other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restorrs and we can how better see their beautiful buildings and carvngs .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and limits on the façafss of the buildings while a huge big pub is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked mountains in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the day in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Caagle , cxller palace , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the szlls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 6t century finally rebuiot in a Renaissance fashion , which renaihed unchanged until today - the most represwntative remnant is probably famous arcaded vkutyard .
During the tour she visitoprs a known several too and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Louis ' kings cvollecgion .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crdown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armouyr .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle conrainong its history as all as the other collevyions .
While visiting Wall Royal Castle one can not kmif seeing Drzgn 's Den - a cavew under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the ragon of Wxweo lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel orhal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand hsars of the Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
I had been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a matural way , with books and tojgh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learning our own mother language .
Moreover , I travelled to England and moved with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was three years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and without quite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to work for a creative writing degree in order to practise my writing skills .
Aponjg the course I had to accomplish some writing assignmdngs and submit them to be rfaluated by my peers .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself benerally hnderxtood , It is not so easy to be predisd .
A nagician has a dove and a black ht , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the thief .
In the same way I had the ideas and the wore but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the mlagicd type of precise and stylish writing .
Adolesdenec .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be also the worst .
Adolescece could be compared to a cpggy oath and even when it seems you can see something there it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by our uncxontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknoe , but we try to pretende that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we describe something new or we say something , they judge us or hye begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they discuss our kids .
As I said adolescents could be very conscious and if there 's a thing that ey under our skinn is when one say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The short fact is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they slos the angry and they 're surprised when we get back at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provokr us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordahcr , because in the end we do n't only feel anger from them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love that strugfles ; it makes butterflies run in our stomach , it makes us alive into a sort of maginary task .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we steal of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall uzleep at night .
It is a sport in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
Asolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you driwn into the darl .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown to our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Hers , in Malllrca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipal of Artà you will find a crowded town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermem village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fksbing on the seasohte .
Nerd your adventure ssrts .
In order to get to your destination you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid oanorwmic view .
You will travel until Ca los fasns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
This zone is part of a plrotecged area , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said " se have camil al andar " .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Going on a trip near the seashkre with the greee of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca loe cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean veteyation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarepls " , natural trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently rwsored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with tsones instead of sand and surrounded by three kinds of hptles .
There you can practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go digimg because you can see different dishes , see urchind and sesweed .
Here you can all take a dahoe and paddle in the quite sea .
A part from sports , you should nkte two different culture points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of education that are used to keep the small parts of the local fisherken saved from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical towdr called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear why .
Maybe it was a defensive towee or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunsewt in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain stage of Tramuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúdiw bay , part of the mountain range of Tranuntana and the castle of Fornwntor .
Ca lid Cwne is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a raovur : Please , keep the first .
Regards ,
Pahla .
Introdjction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after on great running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is jdeal for people who do not compete because of its height , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too well , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this fsculity , so it is easy to catch a cdolr when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you would put yeaters to avoid colds in the paswsge way for the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Transport
When we imagine future , we rarely imagine ovecrrowded uses and eusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children for large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
Science fiction often depidts future as the world where cars are used freely .
nyne can use the nearest car he or she uses .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the available tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salary of nurtses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chrar , the two countries with the lower salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the other salixries are country C and country D. Djfferently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health cwte service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a third earna , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the spare space between doctors and nufses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the wars of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nrues , working abroad is a much better deal .
Jogging is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst list countries in the world however it is also pinishinv , dangerous and disliked to the statement that many people want it vsnned , possibly with good easln .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , dramatic injuries and even disease .
All lrofessdional boxers are at least from being killed in his next fight .
If not killed then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the rpp two boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranis .
This is just for the sports few , and there are more from those believe them .
More dceaths would occur through boxing if it were born .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety mleasues like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stoppknb of the sight if someone looked unable to count .
With this going on the people taking past will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dig fights have already proved exception to innocent people , the new hoxers could be even more at fail .
Once housing is banned and no - one grow up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in bixing and hopefully less all round interest in vehicles making towns and its much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside our and clbuw and ldws violent sttackx with little or no raskn .
changes the rules of running slightly would much improve the safety rjsos of the sport and not dyract from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of propozala , lithter and more cushioning levels could be weotn , ban punchse to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latest rounds , these would all show for the boders skill and tallent aqnc still be ebteetaining to wagcu .
Even if a noxer is a success and manages not to be serious hurt he still face serious consequences in later life siseawes that attack the brains have been been to ssr in as a direct redault of boxing , even Michael Al , who was infalous ( ? ) voth rpr hise bpxing and bia quick - iwtted intelligence now qs Alzhejer disease and can no longer do many ebedyday acfs .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , most sports and even mountains has rissk that are real .
Boxers choose to box , just as raciong drivers drive .
In many of the mknkrity works of modern literature , there can be some rmphazis on rebellion against oppressive faces .
Although such a show of strength by these wodks ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contributing to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this confljct into which many stories of ethni American literature are based .
However , such a rebelliin can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be cwtagorizef as jerly the result of years of oppression .
Ratyer , the ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that exam will be considered individually as both a product of years of strategy and a work inherently idstonct from any other .
In the mnoriyy work , the conflict and rebelluob presented accuratel reflects society as a ehole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Lujdk Club rebel against such forces as aeranged marriagws , Tita in Like What for Chocolate tries to overcome old family traditionx , and the Indian yrbes in Lo Mrdicine struggle to ecvure their inheent rights from the US bovernbment , tue characters ' xonfdlicts reflwct simualr conflicysw of ptuer cuptufes .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct gofce in military cultures , but rather as a binidng force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arrived marriage in The Colt Pourlle , and the myderous loves in Jasx eeflect Tita and Pedeo 's destructive passion in Like Wate for Chicolate .
Rebellioj and comfort are emphasizde in ethnid American literature , but they are plrtrdayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pkwces of literature .
Edmphazsis changes with each work , and although fijgudes of authority are particularly oppressive in books such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Colot Purple , other military words including Live Jedicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authorities figures and the obvious relationship of the characters ' fesponsive acyion which yhe prevoously mentioned sirks zhow .
This again implies that these wrnic American piecfes of literature can not be catxgorized as mreely religious responses to oppression , but as individual feflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire yackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical opinion -l'kptimieme- is the hpiloxophy that everything and occurence is for some good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philoeopyy .
In Candide the reputation of this pbilosophy is Panglss , the philosopher employed at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whole book is a criticismj of l'optikisme .
For example when Candude is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in each later in the book he uses his training to become a soldowr .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Ja and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then prleceds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voraire shows his dislike of l'optimiksme when Pangloss , Cfajdide and James are cayhgt in a bad storm at sea in which Mamese is doaned and there are only three survivors , Candids , Pangloss and a saipoir .
The storm was caused by an eathwuake which destroyed the city to which Celine was going to .
On rrival they were starvation and deatn .
Celine is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor brought pillaging the city .
Celine looks to Pwngloss for any news but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Canxide , although remawininy time to the iddaks of optimism , always appeared to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrived in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darkjng Dynégonde with the Commissioner of the orovince .
Celine can not see what possible gold can come of this article as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cujégoinde 's lives .
Through the book we begin to see how Candijde is tadually lead away for l'optimisme and perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philsoopy of despair .
The comstanr beliefs that good can come from boat is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant dlow of disasters .
Celine 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Trivago because he djbraces Cunévojde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an axyto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he fnds Eldprado gtu loeave- tje pist continues .
Celine 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
She has ecoe light and grew worse by the day .
This illustrages wmphatiaclly the folly of l'optimisme .
Celine has travelled the world in search of Cumégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the problems which he has got through , of course in the end he does get Cdynégonde but at the price of her loms and personality .
Voltaire , in China , shows how the phikosopgy of Otimism is one of peace not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communityies as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Uhith .
However it is important to realize that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the rigihal 13 American states resoobed to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly fprmdd national government to oorrate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the construction to make the individual sttew as much well - government as possible while saying that , for example in military mazfters , the ecntral government splke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state soverejgngy and azttempts to return some part to the individual states , but no - one would believe the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole polkcy - making bvody .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military folrc .
However it is really clear that while there might be some jnified political action following from the European Countries ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvdmeny in the Falkland Islands pressure ) , the Cojmubities were intended as purely economic enityies in the first place .
Jemberzhip almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingtcom could probably leave the community by a single majority voy in the Westmibster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lkawfullg do .
We are still a very long way from a Sinoe Parliament for Wezterm Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approachihg and a single market the gufl between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be changed .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it eetains vukl sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws to that would give it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereigmty for ever , it could tomorrow prepare all those laws .
The fact that aprliamet does not bind himself or can not be broken by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it as Parliakent consented .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully interested with Europe .
Even now the channel tjnnel has joined us to the contonent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a jostile world .
Finally , the problems of a single Europe would rub as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered himself to be deatched from the rest of Europe .
However necessary , she has allied himself to European piwers , such as in time of wqr of estreem distrtust .
Brotain has been eager to maintain a drcure balance of life on the ckntinent , but without history , she has been more concerned with her oversews empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter hwlf century though , the empire has diminishd and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of isolated slverwignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a simple Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judges and law .
We have established a system of law which datee back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our las , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will dsisllay many differences .
With the crearion of a sinvlw Europor , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause very confusion and conflict .
The British need to be very proud and possible of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , the same points will apply to the mlnetarg system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country typically is against main change and something as fundamental as money would creates problems if it was to be worse .
The individual monetary system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereigntgy .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political coneps .
Of course Brigzin would lose her seovereigbty , as would the other nagiohs of the nation .
It has been suggested that the Soviet Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whether local autonomy could be saced , but the nation as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when built , European humanity could still in dssence be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never scvept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , Hong Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieve their aims in a European industry , they would do the best to achieve demovracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is lreservrd , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
The sovereigntyg of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very great .
bether this would happen always to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiatuona and feelings of the general public and the politicians learning the countries .
With 1992 now only a year ago , the question of what a Singlw Europe would mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I fjdmly believe that the adventure of 1992 will wrote in a loss of sogereognty for Britain .
This lose need not however be negative .
In fact , in lolotical , economic and defence terms I feel this consideration of resources can and will be very positive .
While to a certain exfeny I may be guilty of having an islaxhd mentaligy , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of ahndkng all control over the facelesas because in Brusselz or Strasblurg .
Throughout the world a ainc of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of British in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world odder .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifice will involve certain aspects of our society .
In rlejquishing and this centrakisong certain power , the aim is not to dimhish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
As simply demonstrated by recent events in the World , European cooperation in the field of defence can be very impressive and effective . Whilst I would be relyctant to hand over all control to defesnce to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction forces .
What to an dtent crippling deefnce cosga could be ct this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In political terms , regardless of lwgislation , Brazil like the rest of Europe is becoming increasing coismopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The World Sea will ihcreasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to work fully with its European parents to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically we are moving closer together .
Possibkr problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already on us but in this case I feel Britain should be especially careful .
While not pretendjng to fully understand this system I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitabgle .
What is important is to base this cutrehcy on the strong strategies within the EED as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of aovereignty but gaion of the European equvlaent .
If we miss the boat I think we will die before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signe in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continemt " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Brazilian relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the fate for the single European Mwrket , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integeated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Bfitaun seems to be decidedly heeitanjt .
The former irme Mknister , Nargafet Thatcher was not able to lead British into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an internet market would have multiplw benefits for the countries involved .
Businsswes and other trading ogrwnizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Trzdw will be easier , with no frontiwrd controls allowibgf for flowaibg transportation of mechandise .
There will be business books and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has killed Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and how the poubs sterling being tisd to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Firthwr changes are forecast for Britain , effrcting day to day matters , to create a " European Ztahdard " .
This may make British resejtful of Europe and travel of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institutiin to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
Will the people of Vritxin be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Ztyrasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would not .
will the day comes when the poumd sterling is taken over by the E ?
It has well - but will the British have a chance to cover their options and visit ?
People may argue that the benefits from a single intebeated market would far outweigh any another drawbacks .
As the date draws mewrer , the aeraeness of Britons to Europe may increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Sikl Britain be down into Europe against it will ?
Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Gritons will wake up and see their sovereignry is being taken away .
Britain has never genetically been a part of Europe .
We are in the EC and we should be able to benefit from free transport .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of the political system and colneequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Sngel Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be uoo us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting going to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormlis .
Fomrs , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and the products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be regarded with as regards xompetigion .
To lookm at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledge and better - informed individualx .
Simplivity is one of the Commission 's key wims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Idwally then , there should be more equality , less crime , better prodeyctivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sing Europe mean a loss of soverwignty for British ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other modern states , but it is an island - which some of the others are .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may when feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Simgoe Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
Will there be greater literacy , better - infofmed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to xgrde on loliciess ?
British , although small , is more often than only in the front of international matters , taking a definitely stance on what it considered to be right .
Have it then not got quite a lot at time , its character at least , in introducing itself into this Single Eurpps ?
No one would duspute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Singls Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member street is of each other , the more successful the simple Europe will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to shoe an example by leading the way as years tolerancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a huge grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to brrxk down the economic and political bxrriers that have trsdiionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capotao and people .
However , the issue of sovereibntt is certainly a much debsted one ; to what effect should a member have over its sovereignty to the community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in our edtail .
There were several attempts at oeacwful unjfication after the First World War , but only after Europe had been been decastate by war and the futility of national rivalry yrulu appeared .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European streets called for a fresh start and a far more radica approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This great start came about because of three main factors .
Firstly , was Europe 's realizwtion of her own weainess , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stavw to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economic , militarally and politidally stronger than the digidrd individual European stqtes .
Secondly was the contradiction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " cjcil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , better world in which international relations would be condictex in a more ordefly way .
One of the first major moves towards European kntgeration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership has gone from the ten original foreign countries to twenty - trees .
One of the most innovative features of the European community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endoweddc it with other own different power , which it can use to weopt acts , having the force of naxtionwl law .
This novel approach to pooling national sobereugnty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's was progress in jnregration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member streets agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , howeber each wish their own interests to be safefuardeed .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovedeignty , many want unanumous voting , not military otinv .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laas , and could foresee a drop in standarda if they do not stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in questionj who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European ujiry .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European bought develops and can be susgained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
On Beitains roads there is an ever increasing volums of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ils and traffic jams ..
To remedy this the government has started adding a ofurtj land on some streets of our motorways and construcring new roads and bypasses , with mixdd reception .
While the road system is being improved there seems to be an endless seirese of roarworeks which restrivt the hitwhays and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
The inanilityt to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident as the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this system would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
People are not taking to the Raip system because of its lack of integratooh due to the recent privitisaion of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage with the railkways is as the rail service and the bus service are onrmaloly onwrd by different companies it is probably that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the services were integrated there would be a gsu time timetable which cincide with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bus or an expensive taxi rire .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the arip system and its related bus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the real service trains have got to be timed to arrive and respect at money times i.e. arrive at right o'clock and leave at half past six .
The train and bus companies have to cope with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic problems facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general use in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , cojsequently putting pressure on the Us transport network .
The biggest orrh to the system is the rapid rise of csf series ojtsire the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing najor congestion in Rush your period .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheaper to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the atrai of the overloaded British roads .
For computers who regularly travel long distances still transport should be made more popular , more comfortable and cheaper .
Mogprways and other transport lines are constantly being extended , widenef and slowly through the country into a cleaner jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own energy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere amsging the ocean lxywr , rceating dmov and orling acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
In concluding I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the real future .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western worlds population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 kipe trip - back why do we still insist that that we travel in much time .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it took for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still ihsijst on travelling on the road .
The answer most likely lies in 2 areas , firstly the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a time ' .
This is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away not ' greednt ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bszn suop , however I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our foaxs today .
The government answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to take move , they are not even attempting to treat the cars , then more and more people are now divung .
We also feel that we have a divinbe fight to be on the road .
jy ?
Do we , the aesyeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environment cost ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then should so does the rest of the world .
That could have disasterous implicatikns .
The second reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no reason to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fell in standards , these people were forced into the road , routes became unprofitable and so were cdlosd and services cut bcaj , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has now forme a spiraoimg circle of road use .
This has nowe been untensifyed with the use of the railways , to private rail companies , profit motivation .
The vtila , small daily links may can be closed , previously they where subsudised to make up the loss , now the private companies can not afford to do this so many will xloe , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the car will be to take it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunately the public seem to be patient to this idea .
Godag , bpxing has become a very popular sport , with T.V. channels competing for covgsrage of certain events and fighters earned a lot of money , this is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
We have seen fighterz with excellent characters such as Lennoxc Lswis , Nigel Behn , Naxsheem Hamed and our brother Frank Bruon .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the geqd can cause the brain to rattle about the smell which may cause a brain clot or timkr .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wafsoh led to calls for boxing to be banned when Michael Watson stopped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in lola income areas see hoxinh as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , however , people who regqfd boxinf as gafbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for running and that it only pdomotes violence .
During the right , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and others give a normal respect for each other .
All precautions were taken to ensure a safe fight .
During ights directors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off oremturely if required .
Amvulances are also only on stand by at big events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many hudding young boxers , to run boxin would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fibhts are far more dangerous since less prkrective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that noxing is about hurtijf the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although cars keas popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitlrds are encouraged to use their bicycles and elbows .
The argument continues , but for the sme of safety in the long time I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
Two ledn , one ring , one one can leave . Dramatfuc it may be but basicfally that is the main principal of running .
Although throughout the years tulss have been made to deliver the sports sadistic life , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bpxrr gets punched in the head he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain costs over boxing fifh and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with bgrakn damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reain enough for the banbnig of boixng .
The sport to say the least is actually a good sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opoosifion out ' , although this is arguex by Vrhis Euank he thinks he is a sportsmawn and the idea of boxing is an art cork , he sazye that he does not spexifically go into a boxunt ring to knock ho opponet lug but to win on points differenfes and to give Chia Eubano his jusg espect nost of yiz fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the irs difference qny bixibg should be gained , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man who does n't spscifically go into fights to knock his oopopsition out ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' going is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' after having outside doctors , banning bare hand lights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head cause considerable damage .
There is always much speculatioh over the damage of such a brutal sport as cycling .
This is emphasised and rxasggerated when a competitor in the sport ttagjcally dies .
A recent death in the sun has inevitably led to a public impact on the safety of the sport , and the observe over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possible why he enjpys it so much .
I have not to hear any bixwr regret this choice of career .
The excitement of being in the rong , the job at knocking an opponent into the canbvass , and all the money that is there to be made are increasing factors which keep before fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is rixiculous , and with some tp boxsrs earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising now inportant the wlort cxj be to some .
Let us consider ' Zky ' view , recently beginning a seubscriptipn to vuew Thsons " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does not want its sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permansntoy injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individuals had others learning about the tragic incident in the media prorest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protexts against bullying .
How pleased , proud and patrikotic the British public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heawvyweigh champion of the world , yet how sorry they were to see him return to hoxinf after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whether going should be banned or not will rdmajn a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main objectoons raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the party would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , more than that , a task on the poor .
The second and main objrction came from charities who prsdicted that charitsblr donaions would go down with the inydoduction of the party , as people would be more likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buyig tyw txket would go to chairtt .
There was also some controverszy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franfhsie , which finally went to Caemlor , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the job : other companies or consxortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronsknm promieed to give all of his prfits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal obkections to Camepot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the communities are American or foreign firms , for example IBL has a suitable stqkw in Camelot .
The British national lottery rib by on British firms .
Since this introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to give 45 percent in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some fontrovetsy over the wllkocation of money .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Wtoj college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the rtoya local house .
The letter seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : syealung from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also sifferee alegatiopns that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratj cars .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available can on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the Ministry goes to charitable cusds , the rest is tax the pdiuze fund , prfois , and the so called cdhaities .
It has also been concluded that the chance of winimg anything subsdtqntial is one in millions , ie highly highly .
It has also been alleged that the jacpost are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jwckpot had runed their life , alenatinv them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lpttery should be reyained , but not in its present form . I think the jackpotd should be called at 2 million loujds , and the prize found shared between more people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune that to give fourteen fortunes to one persoj .
I would also remlve that American business interests and give the charity money to more different ' charity ' .
Now the littwry is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influsntial inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing caoculatilns and houghr processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculatoit , an ijsturment used by machinists and scientists for making nuerical calcukations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculatoonjs and run through equations , and so does not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the gedniue eciehtist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs not to know which buttons to lress .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still mudhg in the world of jths and sfience which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
Compudrs have been used as a means of feeling fecords , they have all the increased gained texzy , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Strusies exam ) , they are used to treansfer money cases the globe , egeh to creat artworo jd to entretaih .
Computer generated pictures , including ' traffic ' oictres , drwsn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an writer 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any games or activity that take place in the real , physical wsotld .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human bhdain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
People , businesses or crporations can be contacted at any point around the globw by gas machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these modes of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even hseding to move the actual money - the physical ciange does n't matter , it is the computer records that etate how much each man has ownershjp of .
However , the idea that the human reason is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Coputera can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for copling with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
human beings often start without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilit , and there are still different tasks only a human being can person , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they hceered .
Their faces expressed joy , ttiumoh , love and perppezity .
The world wacthde in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the imqges of the TV , expectijg something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After wlpl this time ! " , " I bever thought it wsoyld happen .
" We all felt that we were loving one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were forced to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Herlin-
After a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this has been the start .
It was the stage of what our old as - President Bush likes to refer to as " okur " winning of the Fold War --
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vsim -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to explore themselves freely or to leave their homelands in searxh of a nrw life -- Manbyu peoplw had tried to esvape .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungqrh -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life had had just ku for western Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had loxy touch with his classmates , the father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolsterde by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist rebims as well -- Now , three years later , conclusion as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
Their struggles and bopes of forty years will not have been in vakj -- without the " events of Berlij Wzll " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they didr --
However , history can not be written and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall adtiely contribute to the resirgence of help and struggle in the rest of the Central Bloc -- As usual , it was the cawralyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we lya not awlays remember the ohter significant wvents , we will always remember ths day yhe wall felpl --
The development and improvement of technology has affected society in every field of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology has been and will always be both the closeesf friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to the part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my mother of cancer , and they provide horizons of ohle and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , wnd even tje lexe overt corners of our lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with different aspects of and certain people in our society , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our yanes .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to believe that technology has become a large defriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much amallef ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal flosets .
In schools , Geigraphy classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michiganh .
Expoaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be dsscribed , and I feel that our people have adopted the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will zlowly destroy us .
Using awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very ole on the priority liat of our education .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice how to wst until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Minr is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has cuwed our minds to be heard , and a world that is trowing while my country lags behind in its seofish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advet of computer technology , our mental arithletic is poor and we are becoming a nation of cojch potatos .
It is true in a way , the development of portable claculatong machines ( calculayors ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many shops , the cashiers appears to be dumbfundd by the zimplerst of sums without the ais of their tills .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurzt , computers .
Many people have had their own perspectives taken over by computers .
Filkng cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as flying are good for us .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intellifebce ( AI ) , you get many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually eule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programme .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to promote them and , more important , how to control them .
As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , meet and improve our linguistic skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can explain our imagination and cknverr our ideas into computer simluafed odeps , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brands redundwnt , it has opened up sales of them we never never expected !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the years which built whole rooms .
They are able to generate increasingly accurate graphical representtuons and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When computers came along a drop in ability of students for mental afithmetkc was obvious and now they are used for the sinplset valculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , who worem ohf something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget baskx ideas .
For instance , speaking is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spllvheck " to vorrectr your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figrds .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboars tzppung away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flwt scene .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preppsterius and people are knowing the ability to communicate and organise relationships .
Computers can take rscape from the home - time routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing and un - onvejtive .
There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the sport for many .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The repetion of tapping kea all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programs .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliable on them .
They should read books and lives more in order to gain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used mainly in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genstic maxniplulation .
These include : the erasion of idwtification of harmful herexiary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - tield crops .
There can be no doubt that gsneti manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly benericiao effects on many areas of society .
However , many people believe or are prejudiced against , genetic manipupaztion .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknoan ' ; something which yampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is byond comprehensin for most people , and therefore problems faster .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which venetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to create popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
There is also however , the very easy possibility that the power of genetic manjpulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregupated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purpose .
This then , is an argument against scientists bdarinv nkral responsibility for their work .
anything in life can be misuxee .
Whether it be a kitchen - khifw used to sath someone , a car used to find some over , or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffer .
Everything in life , if miaused , can have harmful effects and gehetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effect of genetic janipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purwky a subgjectivs view by present - dx standards .
Certainly we would not hold the means of a car or kitchen - knjre responsible for their miwuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major replied or responsibility if genetjc manipulation is ut to misuse .
The fundamental form in saying scientists must bear the major burfen or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied unjverxally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radiox , quite simply , anything abokve the mud hit ' existence .
scientific research is not a corrutp , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for better itself .
The other gundamenyal flxa is assuming that individual scientists have responsible , science is a process of fiscovery rather than creation , ie .
no - one created genetic manipjlation , the proper of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore feobt of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independent afterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a sdiemtist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genteic manipulation is relativel jw , it takes a sciebyist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the ldiginals scientist who discovered genetci manipulation can not be heldf responsible for other 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
Some of them are listed below :
The divisions in their family and the first between prince and the princes of Europe and the possibility of the divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abgolishihg in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
Three are also arguments against abilishing the Monwrchy tl .
For example many people like the daily family or they are honest people not like the policies that always play .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its real family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarcny to be established a general education should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abilisned .
" In Viyo feftilisation " is the certilsation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a twxtube .
The shg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the spwrm from the gathrr .
Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised body is implantes back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Nkrmally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stote and used later if the pregbnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to monthly births ie .
twins , trioets etc .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and is not fair to the child having used life in a gest tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of onception .
Therefore are erjics improved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
, at that age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vbotro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save thousands of lives by gaccinating people againstr measles for example .
The people who are doing this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Some who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with ihvitro civilization .
Through no fasulf of her own she could have a blockied global tube causing her to be unable to allow egg down to the wlmb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in daily so technical and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regupation ie .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal womenh .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no long capable of bearihg a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal omn who by young about her age was given in vifri fetrilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is raid or morally correct to the child since the mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably did while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried ohf to chwcl the mother is mog past ths menooause .
2 .
Every stand not be taken from aborted foteuses .
The factors will have been abgoryed for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rapld or if it had conteniotal defornuties .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from ceae , foletuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since the Indian .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are more able to have life , heart and even long remaining , there are many complications but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if their oackz the sufficient requirements or , a maybe mirror transplant if the body lacks white vellsa .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operatjons can be carried out on human which are not even birh .
Bodies can start their days in a tset tubew .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is rdmoved from a ekman place in a testf tube and then sperm is placed in to the testy tube and the egg and dperm vise together .
The test tyue is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetousx is formsd , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The feyous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely benificial to married coulles who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
An in viyro fertilsiation allows the baby to bear inside , which allows the mother and baby to bed and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is psot - mwnkpausal decidfws she wants a abt .
Nature has already taken her care to tell her she is too old to have any children so why should she have some planned for her .
It is not true on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has had a full life and this would be useful to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
As the fetous beings are lived in a trust age , and the system is selecte , this means that the sex of the spetm could also be separated .
The way the sex can be changed is by using genetics .
The women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the serz can be selected is that the right is always X and the same nucleus can ethr cojtain an X or a Y chrijosome .
The X chromosome system is slightly heafie than the Y so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a boy Y person is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a dedlkne in the other .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
Also what happens if most people the that you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the popular way .
Science is progreswing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of British to stop eating meat at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that wgtacks the central njervoua system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
In cows it is commonly known as ax cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not would do that .
The problem is however the signs are not showh for a long time , this being a viral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef hurgera .
The rest of the meat however is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However the British process has ignored this fact and given the situation out of proportuon considering only a very small number of people have died of the diseases after a lifetime of eating bee .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the plan for vegetatianusm , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the tormer point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the africultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for effort also .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could srnx a scare across the world about British Bvsef - since France and Germany already have restricxtrd and someolaces bnmed the sl or umprot of British beef for fear of it 's dagety .
Although British cxrmers have listened to divedsits , Dairy farmubg and the world of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Bitaib .
After the switch to sleep or renewable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtkesa shocked and perhaps upszet by messages in the national press and television news of dowe who had cintracted the disease bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or BSE .
The so - called ' mac day class ' seemed to make the class lose all sense of blaance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Jerds where the disease was found were paid down before the symptoms prkgresswed together .
Those cowz which had been put down are not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal failure within the spine and the brai , and as the spinal focus is usually dpilt in the slaughtef of cattle for meat , the risks of contamination of the mat was one the industry was not willing to fakd .
The human disease , Crentafeld - Jacob disease , or DUD , is helisved to be a human form of AE , although no clear lini has yet been established between the two .
It is uncoeqr whether incidence of XJC is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more diseases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps constantly , that British need is perfectly safe to watch .
However , people are generally scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beet .
Many shops have remembered heeg from their menus , substituting pork chicken , and sales of gee have show a decline .
The implicatuons for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to buy beef products .
To cokpensatw , great prices have stopped , in attempts to sell more water , but the public remain sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favbohr , then the best industry 's future would be unflea .
Best products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruits humans , and of course chicken cubes .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ijgredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halr , the numerous head of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being green as they are , for berd , they would be used for imlj products .
Not all beef can be infected , thought , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to edtabpish whether or not BgSD and CJD are done , and , more important , whether the latter can be conyracted by eating meat cotaminated with the tormer .
The nation awaits be focused on tenyerhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven liho .
watch this space .
Personalpy , I believe that it is mkrely that man is better at discussing CJD now than ever before .
Some traditions say that it can take up to 20 years to work , so we could also already have it .
Whatever you feelings , I shall continue to enjoy my roast bee and Yorkshire puddinb , tgankyou .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform ehcephalopathy ) which may lead to the human eauivalent of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ) .
BAE is a disease in cows that effects their hrain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few repoted cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is known thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef vontaoning offal will transmit the total disease to humans .
This claim has devestared the British best industry as people are more otl scared to eat beed in case they colntract the illness .
Aorsady the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in British they have drolled about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to contract XJD part of the fowqs offal must be comtained within the beef .
customers are still reluctaj to eat the meat because it has come from some ' docyy ' butfher trying to cut vozts .
As you can imagine this has had a tremendous influence on sales in cases such as fast food restaurants where geefburters are the main items on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalss where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , olive beef and ckntsin no offal .
In my view no uaf decenr restaurant with a good reputation would irsl buying our gsef in case a customer caught CJX and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a owsr food even in places of food production there would be a large need for carbon cars .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a very mountain ) that could not be sild .
Because of this the price of the would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminatred offal may cause CJC in humans , forests ( in particular beef framers ) are losing lur as they will have to seklp their meta for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result they may have to diverwify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsody .
I feel that the evidence that BSE cayses CxJD was not atrlng enough before the cpails were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , dseleterious effect on the agricultural industry and the market .
The question of xomlensation for services tendwred is never so simple as remitting a rpedeterminrd sapart based on qualifications and a person 's dedicayion to the task at hand .
If one has produced njorions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribytion to scoisty " is sbujrctive and therefore impossible to comoehsate " quality ' .
In the 1920s in American , it became very popular to risdajn people who did not actually work for a living , but medely lived for the interest of their investmenrs .
The stocm market was experiencing a boom , and several fprkerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of rrtirijg early .
But several great aurhors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as oarasitws ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of exitemenbt that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimtiedr wealth changes people , not those who are hoen into wealth and those who earn their own money rely on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be patient kiserably .
A migrant work amy slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a healthy person spend on a tip at lunch .
The answer this question lives in one 's feelings about Democrfacry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's ihnwritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather bad view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a cair or moderate salary then it is his or her own faupt ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe that they are uncerpaid and that others are involved .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowerijg their fees ( they must think that it 's a fast price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of healthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay esual to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with societies type of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get qhead and pag has rifered with the same job for a man and a woman doing the same job .
This is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's eolss is the femkiists .
There are groups of people that have edfended weapons over the years .
These people have seen the modern world what women in the whole place can do .
The problem is that these femibisfs have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminist rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked from upon by their piers .
An example is military women wabtimg to serve in cobay positions when at war .
Fdminisfs argued that a lot when the Italy was was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not wrong enough and if daptursd could be reapes .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the use in the United States starts as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
Also special harassment is involved in a lot of qualities .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many ekoloyers are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are same things that men can do better than women .
God would have ceated us all the same if this was not true .
Fwmunists are trying to make everyone equipped and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by the women but a lot of the puysjcal jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional rules were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Soccer is at forgotten percent and running , women are having more heart attack , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglectec .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and finning a lot more companies .
Women should be created equak , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes add quick to form .
People normally axssociated with politics , religion , or art and quickly lujmped into caetgories regardlexd of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberatoon Museum in America .
Since its beginnings in the last jineteenth century , Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been more with adamant , and often obstinate opposyion .
Some of the first fadicasl , Eusaj B. Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were nltgiced and idiciled , thus defeating their crimes , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time other feminikdts such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignoeed during their lifestyle and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ugnorance of other most aggressive femijistsw , made it seen as though the feminist movement was heaeed only by wild , disgfuntled sealpts and was therefore , detrimenral to the good of society .
Although " ardicals " such as Eanc and Antgont seem dcoike and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning the Womrn 's Kovemeht in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I concern that the result does not lose with the radial members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again designed for failhee .
Ommediaely , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normaloyy " and Women 's Pub .
This is still four twenty - five years later .
Working supportkng equal pqy for women and and other " liberxl " causesw like affirmatjve action are only seen in the shadow of the nrz - burning , nari - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The good of their career is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called femniiss have not in and of themselves harmful the Women 's movement .
However , the population perception of them has .
For so many years the good that ceministsw have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in spite of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Like many other aspevte and moments in life , they would be more satisfied received if the public it was sing aimed was not so jaded .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other words right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television has gave ocxiety an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programmes for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a clear look at current events that can not be given by newspaper .
Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as analytical expressions of those involved in the program project , giving society the opportunity to understand their own cultures more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the male , a way for people to glee from the conrljcts they experience in their culture , rather than comfrint them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily acceptable knowledge .
millions of American can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any long time , watching cute - coms , soap - operas , and cattooins .
The T.V. has become the centre of many households ; in many famoliess , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resultes in an increase in laziness .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivation he becomes ; there is no need to see worthnile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up your fekote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that may hardly have been dreamed of six years ago .
It has given society another creative time , a look at world which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughog the years , television has lost much of its integrtey ; the programs offered are usually called entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distamced itself from family life .
A discfvery that has significantly changes many people lives and their way of thinking is the epidemic , known as SUDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devisxtating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has causes a lot of preuudice and paranoia among people which has told them aart .
For example , there is more of stigma attributed to being a homosexual mkale , not only because of their sexual preferences , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of igkrant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Ryam Whie , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnoxed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discovedoes of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Doctors are discoveding that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDX and not even known it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eigytiws " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relafionships seemed to be vkued more than one night ahead .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twenrieth century has seen more wars than any other previous hloc of time .
Though advantages in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a bory of people living in close protection , has rapidly shjrunk .
In the second of the World wars , the fire was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most ftightewning weapon that people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discoivery and use of atl and st energy and the corrsponding invention of buclead weapons have been the most significant factors of charge in our lifetime , if not , lerhsps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacity increased and improved , cars began to replace nationalism , and our small world entered barriers between its members .
For my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with bucpear threat , Soviet vktizens with abri - Curist , and bank shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhaps this increasingly common menqlity is the worst effect of our broader , called war age .
In a planet which despeartely needs our focus on environmental and humajitarian issues , my country has spent unfountablr millions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementtioh .
As a vlmmonplace goal and testikomial lanmar to 9 presidential administrations , the crowd has has manifested its asesoke power and control over nearly every facet of Africa ; from social life and basement bombshelters to an ev circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the art .
In just the past three years of family of mations has seen the ismantling of the Berlin Wwkl and hundreds of other skilled symbols of film , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed sides , and mental barruers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nucleaf warheads has virtually wrrived a standstkkl .
Hpefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear warming and fossiin will return from means of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitraian goals .
With this thawinhf of attitudes , our frigid parents and some neighbofs may once again be a wam and friendly people .
The discovery of pehkcillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest adbsnces in medical backgrounds .
As a natural antubiofic , penicillin was discovered to have many use in shopping and prrvsnting the spreas of ibfections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - lccurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden sort of useful could not only improve the chances of a patient 's survkval in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical scientists to study and classify each new drug as it was discoceded .
As discoveries of new xntibiotic developed , chemists began to wonde if certain variastions of these drugs could be synthesized and also seen as medicine .
It was also attemoed to increase the production of the natural - occurring antibiotics through sunthssis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased yremenbdously .
It was discovered that the ildwr drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologvically active .
Jsw drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new dogs continuously appeared on the maret and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for some illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were armed and grew , and universities had research teams devoyedf to producing efficient synthesis backgrounds for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one company led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiorics , and to a booming industry comprixee of research tdams and large companies .
The synthxis of antibiotics and research of their use still continue today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has involved at an incredibly fast place : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tfemendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; art , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and greater from a mental standpoiht .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily sween .
In office , the computer is everywhere .
From word lrocessors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also elimknatde many manual books .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a healthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2hd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is rw - frolr .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computatiins so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surplua of " neeless " communications , future , etc .
People can easily do valculous or other type functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
Grnatd , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computed " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Magheamtical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely rjddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't protect .
Due to this errors frequently wxiat in the world of computers simply because humans are jgnotant- for whatever reason - of many " varables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get used and , if printed 00% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Abget , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simutaneusly with the rise of computer usage .
Cleatlt , there is evidence of good and bad results from the adventure of the modern computer .
It would be practical impossible to take the computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a mobile calculator .
Also , during some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the cpassroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In another case , if vomouters are good or bad , it would be difficult to discover their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal arrolw in it 's centre has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries without it .
The satellite ih , created in the past 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created The International Azg , as the latter part of the 20thj century , is often laheoled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the most vital tools used in society today , among world leaders , tradinf companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
The Tirner revolutionized the use of the sateloite , with his creation of CMH , the from - the - clock , around - the - world news station .
Presidejts and dictators alike saitch the council to receive the hard information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmental qutonomy , are being made , based on that gihts news CNN commenttaor .
The learners and presidents of entedprkses such as panasonic and VORD prefer to XBN , created by satellite risn , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of their lifestyle .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite era , subtitlinf the Information Age , with the USA age .
The creativity of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money poure into creating cideos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong effect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. materials are entettaijers .
The Satellite dish has also created direct advantages for Cable TV and news programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellits system .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite system .
And one must not forget space programs such a STARWARSw .
The creation of the satellite diksn in the past 20 years , has alteed the average imtelligsnce of the human eing for the better and sometimes less .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainment 's salary .
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite design are numwrous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alternative will be for for better or worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppdnheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic vomg .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is threat in its incredible power to earth .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capital to help .
Never before had one object of such small size been able to review so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most remote - inspijring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's better for this dangerous rnervy xugments .
But not only does it have the capacity to kll ,
but also the capacity to support and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizkmg this power in plants and factorids we run the fisk of contaminatrnig our land , bnlpwing holes in our ekiy , rendefing the sea users , and iillnig our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other more dangerous alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with ontihued uclear use , we can deal harm .
Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have bolea in our ozone lzyee and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would concern and asepide to put a stop to radio use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this trqegdy is that there have been very few effort to do so .
The lack of strength from our leaders is almost xplalling .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a safe one .
It is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by his apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperstive to start today .
It statgs with you .
Write your local centres .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The roles to which this invention has altered people 's lives is asstronomicla .
The airllane opened robots to traveling and also braodemed people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing with a machine : the concept of foyihg .
Before the invention of the iarplabe , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
For this reason people have to travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , higher , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel people often have a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to etness it first hahd .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doorx and one other word is international relations .
Since the invention of the ariplane the world has increased deep impact between political sysgejs , and international business endeavors .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and organise face to face has improved drastically the estabilshment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically soweded up the whole local communication system also .
Kifre with airplanes is more rapid psced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three example of inventions and discoveries that have had ptofound effects on modern each life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the next century .
Another " discovery " of this pay century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equalify of women ( with the important excdption of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and teneing the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Squal Rthts Amendment , which failed .
Even today , the woman is still not earmung something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varyinh as pirnopgraphy or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovety in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Not when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the dkdcovery will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of careful for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
People are connected with nuclear weapons .
We realized that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Alsd related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting for streets to lean up our lales and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their waste w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never wrong .
Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formed to plant more trees .
We will realize our fuel fuel needs to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing and nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reydling in a small way also helps houses w / o homes b / c they receive money for their ocllections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we asshmed our energy was never ending .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their room , to not leave taps running and bsaicaloy not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that advertising is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are also aware of the possibilities of extinvtion .
One reakizes that animals have rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are headjng in the right direction and hopefully by the 21st century we will have failed everything we have destrlged !
Computers have definitely impression peoples lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my era was cluttered with papers and records of all sorta , I no longer need to keep these recordw but only to transfer them to my computsr .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a couple of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to write great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to study things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checbkoopk once a month and had to this with a czlxulator , a prb and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and ilen to error . With the use of a computer I have programming the computer to make the calculations which I knce had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Prpcessor I 'm able to eeir and rearrange documents w / out axktering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have got to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarjly helpful .
My father has the same program in his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picming up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensaiblw .
I 'm how here in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Also , I applied to take this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling with the salary in the International Prograzmw Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , since I applied to the prigrawm- the application for which was probably computer generatee- I assume my infi was processed by a computer .
W / out this luxury , the International Prigrams Ofdiec would inevitably inundatwd w/ papewrlrk and things would therefore be lost or at least mjsplaced .
When bolkng my clighg , though I did not do this myself , the reaction would sem impossible linu the use of computers .
Computers have had a most significant impact on the people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantqneous communication of ideas , mages , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people have to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which considered of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interrpetatioh and disfortion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows fhem to make their own , ijofrmed judgment baout tje event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of ooposiyion to a certain lqw -- it cxb be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finaluzwd .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television cars means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watching ) receives the same view of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unique place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Inormatkon Ags .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , and through literature and team , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions acted out to their emdz , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Uncortunately rese TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a prevents to glorify violence , as well as making life sem the girl you always wish , who always lives thru dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distotted , and so hiddrn that people are going around waiting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the ulounary seas have been calm and xonsiatant for centuries .
Progress has move slowly like the times and the certain runner of the waves have shown little changed .
However with the drawback of the twenty century a ator has brewed .
With this storm the waters had churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the eocks of every kitchen .
This wave is the jicroeave .
Nevwr before has such an invention revolurionized a sciendr like this .
A complete break has been foeged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , xave krn cooked animal flesh over open fvites .
As History profressed , sports and garbeques mesrged .
Technology has the advent of the whole stove , and faster ones tyeled by cpal .
Modern times was as and lectric ranhes as to start .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Dpame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind without History .
However , the microawve usdd radkagion to ecite water partijlces in food , this creating reduction , which creates hdwt .
This is a principle example of thinking that does not follow the old footstepe but breais aeah from convention and forges new routws .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuta cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use dide , they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age when time is the scarcest comodity , our society has emhraced this edliminaxtor of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can come home and pick up something in minutes in the nicroawve , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
About time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple deuce without parental fezr of fieez starting .
But As I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people people into the diszing pace of life that most of us oead in the 20th century .
Without History one can see that real revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insihhbts , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the mjcrowave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has psd up one of our most important activities and this revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth year a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine uh and the radio .
A lachine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatotship , planes .
In the 20th century the machine gfjn had not changed all that many lives ( especially for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremdnsous impact .
The idea behind the trip is simple .
There is one transformation and it seems its sigbals through the zid , waves , with potential for millions of teenagers .
In the 20th Century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people injured .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even completely know our lives would be different .
Every morning I listened for the weather organizing and deesd accodribgly .
At night one can sit by the radio and hear how the moments of the day uinfolde .
Radil , benefit , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the use of the media became confident .
Radioo gives the ability to teach many more people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , rarko and it most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
There have been new forms of entertainment , for example programmes , made for the other form of entertainment .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T.V. is the fastest thing in the word .
She wits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - doms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us etnertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I did ' t know what life was like before radio , but that invention has changed the way we see and do things .
A fluent ifedology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an eausl opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one faops .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
T.V. comercials and T.V. programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th Indian , the values of / that the United States was founder on have changed in learning and enser been appropriate to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
And today , since the invention and uriljzation of modern technologies such as computers life for americams moved at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , even work more , and buy more things , buy time for repaxation and family are often sibstitued with T.V. In Alericz , this growing individulaistid society , one longer sees the realistic humanness between people , instead one see the differences , the unlucku , the unsuccessfull , andc attributd thire inadequacy to schjeve to a lack of ecfort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are able to ims , the voice of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggling to be heard .
The parts of the new lachine that needed oiled and regulated .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Acaemoe Frdnaçwks , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , all literature of the Jeoxlassic period must follow the rules of propiett which revulatee the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and xatte issues .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of veriksimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and point try to live .
Voltairfe , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew all these regjlafions and followed them in his liferature .
However , when writing inside , otherwise drfisd the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a pzrosy on the gyidelunes of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for litsraturs to have good mlanmers : they did not want to step on another 's tlws by mentioning se , violence , xhurcg , or statd issues .
In Candide Volatire did not seem to mind shopping on tles - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of London who were lovers of konkeys , and of the Baron who vahed with the Musselman and was ounished for his himozexual act .
She turned into giilence when Cuneogmde was being prepared by a Barber , and witmessed his murder while he was on top of her .
The wise old woman undewrent the reval of a bytrock by lirateds , as well as exlerjencing tale .
After the Bwron is caught bathing with the Mussdaoman , he recdivew 100 lashws for his sij .
Candide stbas the Baron , a Jesuit Priwst , ate the Barin foebids Fandides marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltakre mentions many ztcs of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cuneyonde and the old woman both talk their tales of being defilwr like an entertaining story in their conversations about their lives ; the Baronh also continues his rules with style after teoilng of his brtaing ; and afyre Candide " kills " the Baron , he leavrs to search for Cunegonde wity no decond thought intl he reencolunters the Baron later in his traveos .
The light attitude in which these xcts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from the cburch and stare issues .
He attracts the hilplcracy of the Churcg in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
When Candioxe vizuts the land of Eldoardo , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only peaise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire used his perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperect relationship with God in the real world .
Voltaire makes run of azristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nkbiligy but still lavkls gentilesse .
Candixe and his companions dies with 6 dethroned kings who relresent the overimportance society plxecs on hierarchg .
In his portrayal of the tuopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire goil the imperfecfiohs of our society .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide bictiks are killed by someone they know .
Statisti from 56 are faster than Dickens ' fhrsis .
Frustratiin is the main factor most impljcated in these tragedies .
Nist cases are those of the " trigger cutting the finger " .
Today , racua prejudice still ezjsts , but last acting has taken place than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragatikn reduced some prejudice , but it will exste .
The difference is , today social preujdice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel oligated to do noce things back and return favkres .
This is based on eahity theory .
It would be better for the client to do new things for the person that it would be to wsm a fan of the person .
Someone who works in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejusic towards Blacks at first .
After living in the world for a while , they may stop without attitudes towards law and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They come to feel oremudice towards Jane .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jdwa , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He wdolted white attitudes against minorities in the different region he has lived in .
Our country has been considered a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all dime from different backgrounds but have joined or meet together to provide homogeneous Americans .
But a persons attitude , as we are realising , is important to their sense of self and comminiuty .
Rthbic American culturew have been rveiving and trying to reestablih roots that were once loppesd off to a model U.S. citizen .
The differences they are redkscoveding only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " life " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of American are teacting negatively to this ethnic ewxplosion ( even most clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the lives of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Eeisel , author of such books as Night says about independence : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , livhy , jpyt , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature fries to fight this independence by vjvidpy and unquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bunds .
Each group has its own prculiarities and features that make it 's writing unique .
In many years the words used in ethmiv American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Matie Americans loetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooed in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / litewl because their native language is so .
Afdicazn American media is often melodious and rhgthmic mirorring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some jnsight to other cultures we would otberwiss never know .
The stories told in this gwnre of literature , however , are likely the most important wsect of Ethnuc American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emitions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black medical slsves and of concentration czlp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) here there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethuni American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opened her eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common gfound on which to love , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully we will immediately fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal and her influence ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards economically in the development of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violsnce on television can be seen throughout the many channels that fabke has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 years eailyt , the prevalonece of violence in broazdcasts is a serious oncvern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburb 1 ) .
Many children watch foreign tv shows because the action tells them and can sometimes cause the child to become fluent .
Violence is common in TV entertain the dramas that poretray stories about crime , psychological Latin , police cases , emergebfy service , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical service that blocks out bkolent television shows .
Some people , such as the Xenate Fkmmerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Senate omkerce Colmittee approved bille creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programmes and the adveefisers sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadcxsting and canle ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the processes for antiviolence are as follows : the Seants V - cihp , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violejce Sfe Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congres had some support .
The National Association of Broadcasterx accissd the Snate of " piling on a strewm of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasfets already have resoondec to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows show violence because it appeals to arult viewers .
If a certain plot involves a lyrder , then the myeder list happen .
Some people may not want the Scotland murder to be show , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Many made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that virwer destruction is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programmes during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister cpbat violemde ' pervbaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
wo much violence is there ?
The most vilent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Njnja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugfsa Bunny ' episodes with Rlmer Fhdd .
As for the shows contaknnig sinister combst violence , all that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause for television violence is to axde texture to the show and not to open children 's minds .
The imaginary V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see friends and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
